 I am very pleased they send me the product that was right for me . I will keep buying my makeup from them from now on .
 I received the tangerine coconut lotion from Vtae as a gift and I have been ordering and trying new scents ever since . Unlike most scented lotions this lotion is very hydrating . I have very dry skin and this does a great job , I would compare it to Vaseline Intensive Care .
 The lotion not only smells good to my &#34; odors give me a headache &#34; nose , but it also feels good . The lotion arrived in excellent shape and in a timely manner .
 Smells great with only natural scents , AND it feels really good and hydrating too ! I discovered this stuff in our local indie grocery , but the price on Amazon is better . I 've tried the Vanilla scent too , but `` fragrance '' is a listed ingredient in the Vanilla . If you 're sensitive to fragrance , this Almond variety is worth a try !
 This lotion works well with sensitive skin and has a pleasant smell . It glides on well and leaves skin so smooth .
 Dove makes great soap for the shower or even if you 're merely washing your hands . Although I personally consider this product to be soap , officially it 's a `` beauty bar '' substitute for soap in that it contains a good amount of moisturizing lotion . Soap does n't always moisturize ; and so Dove tries to set their product apart from soap when they advertise the moisturizing abilities of their product . Rest assured , however , that you will find this item where the rest of the soap is stocked in your grocery store.The bars of soap are rather large but they do n't slip out of your hands too easily ; the shape of the bar helps your hold onto it in the shower . The Dove `` beauty bars '' do seem to truly help moisturize your skin when you use them to take a shower or wash your hands . The scent is mild but if you are sensitive to any scent you may want to use the unscented type of Dove soap.Dove is a little more expensive than other soaps but many people swear it 's worth it . My best friend uses Dove religiously and he says it helps his skin a great deal . One reviewer wrote elsewhere that Dove soap is not particularly useful for acne ; but I can not personally comment on this because I do not have acne or other types of skin breakouts . If this is a concern for you , talk with your doctor or pharmacist before using this product.Overall , I love these Dove `` beauty bars '' with their moisturizing lotion . They are more costly ; but they are worth it if you want to pamper your skin in the shower or at the bathroom vanity sink . Pick up a package today and give yourself a little extra pampering !!! Enjoy !!!
 This is the best sunblock ever made ! It does n't leave a slimy residue , it is not so thick that it is difficult to apply , it does n't run , it does n't bother your face or eyes . HANDS DOWN THE BEST SUNBLOCK EVER MADE ... . in my opinion . I live in Phoenix , AZ and use sunblock on myself and my kids literally every day and even my kids will ask for it rather than a spray lotion or something else .
 I have tried a few different brands of sunscreen and I must saythis is still my favorite . The scent of this sunscreen is very mild , suitable for everyone . Once applied onto skin , it is absorbed quite quickly , and you can put on your clothing and bathing suit without that horrible white streak that you may get with some other brands . The best thing is that my daughter did not feel like a slipperty fish after getting wet . I was still able to hold onto her relatively well in the pool , which is a big plus . The bottom opening is also convenient when it is getting close to empty .
 I have n't used this product but a friend of mine asked me to order . She has used it some time ago and told methat 's the best ever . Highly recommended she says .
 I 've been wearing Zino for over 15 years now and it is the only cologne that I wear . It has a distinctive smell that reminds me of nature , with a rich woodsy note . There was a time where I could only find it in one place in Las Vegas , but that has apparently changed and I am glad to see that Amazon now carries it as my bottle is almost empty . I 'll be buying more .
 I have used this product and the best thing I like about it is that it lasts and lasts and keeps my lips moist ... none of that burning as with other long lasting lipsticks . I have `` converted '' many friends to this product .
 This has a distinctive , rich scent that I think is subtle -LRB- depending on how much one wears -RRB- without being overly perfumy .
 First purchased Herban Cowboy soap a year ago and I 've been hooked ever since . It does have a definitive scent but it dissipates fairly quickly outside of immediate contact with the skin - though that scent is less than half of the reason I keep coming back . I 've switched from product , to product , to product and this was the first that leaves my skin feeling refreshed but cleaned . Highly recommend .
 I hate cologne , but was intrigued by this one . I use the Herban Cowboy Aftershave Balm & so I thought I would check this out & I 'm really glad I did . It smells great & it does n't give you a headache . It 's subtle & UNIQUE . Everyone else is smelling like Axe spray , but I smell like Dusk .
 Where many colognes today all have a similar `` ambercrombie finch store smell '' like you 're always about to go `` clubbin '' this is a nice and refreshing and wholly unique scent . not overpowering , yet very distinct . and it is all natural and cruelty free to boot . you will ultimatley have to smell it yourself to reach your own conclusion , which is where the nice low price comes into play-if you do n't -LRB- you will though -RRB- like it , it was under $ 25 you spent . alternately some co-oops and health food stores carry it , and have a tester . bottom line-i thoroughly recommend this cologne
 This is an incredible find , it 's difficult to find a cologne that is natural and smells like real cologne . This product does both . The smell is pleasant and long lasting , but does n't overpower . This is absolutely great and it does n't bother my wife who is sensitive to chemicals .
 These products are wonderful . The salesgirl said she would follow a man wearing this anywhere . I would n't go that far since I bought it for my son . Another man is another story .
 I got this because I liked the Herban Cowboy deoderant , and I 've been wearing it pretty regularly . It 's an agreeable but not overpowering scent , and most importantly my wife likes it : - -RRB-
 This cologne lasted me 5 months ! I used it `` every day '' two or three sprays each time . Actually , I did miss some days . This cologne is almost empty ! Would probably last another 2-3 weeks , but I had to order one . I really love the smell of it ! I am a vegan so I am happy to find a cologne that is cruelty-free . I ordered a deodorant from Herba Cowboy -LRB- dusk -RRB- one . : -RRB-
 This company always produces a perfect product and this is no exception . I ca n't stop smelling my husband when he wears it ! The odor is truly intoxicating and no animals had to suffer for it !
 This is my boyfriends favorite cologne . I ordered him a new bottle for Christmas and he was very happy . Not too strong , smells great and best of all it 's vegan !
 I like the concept of this cologne , no animal testing but I find it to be very light upon applying it to my skin . I have used it for a few years now and although I continue to buy it I find that the fragrance is very light after applying it .
 This cologne smells like a smoother old spice . I quite enjoy it but the bottle is quite small for the price , so not sure I will get again . Depends on how much I use and how much I like it .
 My husband loves the Herban Cowboy soap and deodorant ... for not only their cleaning and oder protection , but also for their smell . Now he can have a bit more of the wonderful scent any time he wants .
 Smells amazing ! I 've been through several ` vegan ' colognes and scents and this is the only one that I 've truly liked a lot . Very subtle , I recommend to anyone looking for a great vegan cologne !
 I no longer have a fear that my son is breathing in harmful chemicals . He was using Ax and I cringed every time he put in on knowing the thousands of chemical ingredients that go into making it.Urban cowboy cologne is n't just for cowboys ! We are more like city folk but the cologne has a very nice smell and something I can handle with my chemical sensitivities to smells . I just re ordered the set for my son , cologne , soap and deodorant and will be trying the ` wild ' version later . Thank you for a nice product !
 Organic or not ; this smells great ! It has a real masculine scent . It does not smell perfumey or fruity . One thing I really enjoy is that the scent stays and keeps the same smell . For me , being organic does not matter . I 've worn this cologne now for 5 years . I wore it while dating my now wife , and now that we are married . She loves the smell ! She 's the honest type and would tell me if she did not . She actually bought a bottle for me one time as a gift . I highly recommend trying this .
 Great masculine smelling cologne that does n't aggravate my asthma . Only small negative is the smell seems to wear off quickly making reapplication necessary . Excellent stuff and I will buy again !
 I use all kinds of different , yummy , organic and goat-milk soaps and various soaps for sensitive skin . I am always trying new ones looking for the perfect blend of skin care and scent . I keep coming back to Pre de Provence , and their coconut soap in particular . The scent is incredible -LRB- without being floral -RRB- . It can be used by men too . It has kind of a sea-fresh scent that always reminds me of the ocean , which I love . And it is very gentle and moisturizing for a bath soap . I have to say , after years of use , this one is my favorite soap in the world . I have chemical sensitivities , and I highly recommend this product for anyone with this issue . It 's a treat for your skin and your senses .
 Smells great , leaves skin soft . I ca n't say much else about it . We love the brand , and I 'm working my way through the gamut .
 It does n't tend to dry out skin , which is excellent . The soap does n't dissolve too fast either .
 Enchanted Eye Cream Moisturizer is awesome . You only need a little bit to take care both of your eyes and the moisturizer absorbs almost instantly ! The skin around my eyes feel great after and my make up goes on with no problems at all.The only bad things is the fact that there is no SPF in the cream and the packaging . Skin around your eyes are very thin so SPF would be great , but my makeup has SPF in it so that 's not a big problem for me . As for the pump LUSH gives with this product ... it 's so-so . For $ 18 a bottle , I would have expected better packaging . The pump gives you way more then you really need , so you have to resort to trying to get the perfect amount out everytime . Even if you hardly push the pump down , you still get a bunch of cream . Would have been 5 stars if the packaging was a little better and did n't waste so much product.Minor negatives compared to the positives !
 I have EXCEPTIONALLY sensitive skin , especially around my eyes . Before I started using this cream , I would get scaly , flakey skin all around my eyes every change in the seasons , and always in winter . It was so bad that I could n't wear makeup many days in the winter . I could n't use ANY moisturizer on them , because all of them caused sensitivity and red bumps . This was a miracle cure to end this cycle.It is the ONLY cream I can use on my eyes that does n't cause redness or burning , and never hurts my skin . One reviewer mentioned that they wish there was SPF in this , citing it as a negative trait . I have to say the opposite - I avoid sunscreens because of sensitive skin , and I am happy to find this as one of the only eye creams without added chemicals or sunscreens.I constantly use this day and night , along withCelestial Moisturizer by LUSH , and then layerPhilosophy Eye Believe Peptide Eye Balm , 0.5 Ounceon top at night . This has been my routine for about 5 years now , with the Eye Believe added only in the last year -LRB- since turning 29 -RRB- , to pump up the wrinkle fighting a bit . I have noticed considerable changes over this time around my eyes , which look younger , less wrinkled , and more rested , even without the peptide cream.A few negatives
 I 'm very happy to find this rare fragrance available in stock . The smell is unusual , vintage-style , reminds me slightly powdery violets - very soft , and not so long lasting -LRB- which I prefer -RRB- . I buy it often as a gift to my close friends , and they like it too.Overall I 'm happy with the purchase . The seller ships item fast , in a well packaged box . Unfortunately , the price went up by $ 10 since my first purchases , which was explained by difficulties in sourcing it from suppliers , which together with shipping costs might hit one 's wallet ; but IMHO it 's well worth it if you like it the way I do .
 Very soft flowery scent . As I heard , this is a limited edition from Guerlain . It says that it is reccommended for evening , how it smells on me , it is not really heavy , on contrary soft and really nice . If you like jadore by dior , or glamourous by lauren , you might like this .
 I recently needed to purchase eyebrow color and was switching to another color ; auburn , a more difficult color to find and after doing a search found gloBrow in Auburn . Already familiar with GloMinerals products for the past seven years using regularly , I did not hesitate to try this product from their line of cosmetics . It offers two shades of auburn in the palette -LRB- powder -RRB- , a lighter and darker shade which can be worn alone or mixed together for your own custom color . This feature makes it an excellent choice . The gloBrow comes in several other shades and recommend the product to anyone . Once again . ordering through Amazon added to a great customer experience .
 I tried it a few years ago , found it in an outlet , and bought it as a gift for someone just because I know guerlain is good , because I did n't know this one -LRB- Coriolan -RRB- . One day my friend -LRB- the one I gave it to -RRB- comes to my place smelling like an angel , and he tells me thank you for the gift , I wish I had kept it ! ha ! , it 's rare to find it in a market , and that 's also good , I would n't wear a parfun everybody can identify , you have to be unique ! And this one is an amazing way to do so .
 Althugh difficult to find , I love this Eau de Toilette . I first got a bottle from my wife and she purchased another one the same time I ordered this . I use it daily and love the aroma .
 The most frequent compliment I get `` It smells so clean/fresh . '' That is why I have continued to hunt for this product even after major department stores quit carrying it . Parfum1 -LRB- website -RRB- has great prices and always delivers promptly .
 This conditioner was recommended to me because it is supposed to make your hair grow faster . And it worked ! I was growing my hair out for my wedding and my hair grew like crazy while I used this conditioner . I only have two complaints
 I am now a convert to sulfate-free shampoos -LRB- especially after adding lowlights to my normally light blonde hair -RRB- and this is what my hairdresser used on me last time . I was n't sure which brand she has used but suspected this may be it -LRB- it 's a Tigi-licensed salon -RRB- and when I smelled it at my local beauty supply shop I was sure . The scent is unmistakably grape , or `` like grape Fun-Dip '' as my stylist calls it . After crunching the numbers I concluded the larger size bottles are a MUCH better deal ; this is an expensive shampoo/conditioner ! The lather does leave something to be desired , par for S-free formulas . The conditioner is pretty thick and my hair soaked it right up . The shampoo is also very thick , but leaves the hair feeling very clean . The smell lasts all day -LRB- until you get used to it -RRB- which is fun . I 'd certainly recommend these to anyone trying to protect their color-treated hair -LRB- especially reds ! -RRB- and anyone interested in sulfate-free products .
 I tried TIGI S Factor products while staying with a friend in NYC a couple of months ago and loved the way they made my hair feel . Both the shampoo and conditioner were moisturizing and felt very luxurious . I 'd recommend this for anyone looking for quality haircare products .
 I chose this product because it 's more expensive to buy in the beauty shop . And this product works very well .
 This was my first bottle of this conditioner . I have very thick hair that is naturally coarse and dry . The scent of this is kind of fruity , but not overpowering . It gives enough `` slip '' to the hair that you can actually run a comb thru it . Not something I 'd buy again because it is too expensive for the amount of product that you get . I did not like the packaging , it is just weird . The bottle slips thru my hands in the shower .
 Great product . My hair is thick and can get dry . This product makes my hair feel great and never greasy or heavy .
 Been using this for a year now and am really glad with the results of these products . Helps to smooth and bring shine to my damage hair .
 I only use a half pump on my wet hair and comb through . Starting at the ends then working it through the rest of my hair . I do n't really rinse it out though . Smells amazing !!! I have color treated medium thickness hair .
 I love this shampoo/conditioner set ! It not only smells great but definitely helps my hair to stay under control . As with the Smoothing Lusterizer that S Factor sells as well , you can really get a grip on your hair . I have really bad static in the winter as well as flyaways , split ends and dryness . These products really work to fix all that as well as boosts my hairs shine . Get these ! -LRB- I agree that it is n't the biggest bottle in the world but still is worth it and way cheaper @ Amazon then it is at the salon ! -RRB-
 I love this shampoo/conditioner set ! It not only smells great but definitely helps my hair to stay under control . As with the Smoothing Lusterizer that S Factor sells as well , you can really get a grip on your hair . I have really bad static in the winter as well as flyaways , split ends and dryness . These products really work to fix all that as well as boosts my hairs shine . Get these ! -LRB- I agree that it is n't the biggest bottle in the world but still is worth it and way cheaper @ Amazon then it is at the salon ! -RRB-
 The S factor line of products is excellent , not only the shampoo and conditioner , leaves the hair looking healthier and it gives shine , plus the smell . Is the best in the market!Johanna
 I 've been using this product for over a year now it 's the best shampoo/conditioner out there . Smells great & leaves my hair clean , very shiny and healthy-looking . I ordered the Smoothing Shampoo & Conditioner , however , I received the Shampoo/Conditioner for colored hair . It 's okay because this product is awesome anyway & sodium chloride free which matters the most !
 I love this conditioner . My hair looks and feels great . I also love the smell .
 My colorist recommended the S-Factor after my VERY expensive hair coloring . I chose two shades of red , a shade of orange and a brunette . That 's a-lotta REDS ! Anyone who has ever dyed their hair red knows first-hand the color can fade quickly . This is BY FAR the best shampoo and conditioner product for red heads ! The color lasts longer and looks fantastic ! Of course , you should also be using the coolest temperature water you can stand in the shower when washing and rinsing your hair . If no one has told you this tip yet , try it . That also helps your hair color last longer !
 After trying many other professional conditioners on my dry straw-like hair throughout the years ; I decided to try the S-Factor conditioner . I left on hair for about 5 to 7 minutes before rinsing it out . For the first time in quite a while , I was able to comb my hair out without any of it breaking off . S-Factor made the process smooth and easy . After using S-Factor for 6 weeks , even others have noticed that my hair looks healthier and shiny . S-Factor has a wonderful smell that will get many compliments ! -LRB- The reviewer was compensated for posting this review . However , the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . Further , the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor , Amazon or the review requester . -RRB-
 smells great and leaves my hair soft and nice , also it is a strong conditioner , so u do n't have to use that muchtoo pricey for me , went bank to dove , which works as good , but does not have the yummy smell
 Finally the best Shampoo/Conditioner out there in a huge pump bottle !!! This is such a great deal from AMAZON !!! -LRB- and sooooo worth it !!! -RRB- I love this shampoo/conditioner set ! It not only smells great but definitely helps my hair to stay under control . It has been a long time since I 've used a shampoo/conditioner that made my hair smell awesome ... even at the end of the day !! As with the Smoothing Lusterizer that S Factor sells as well , you can really get a grip on your hair.I have really bad static in the winter as well as flyaways , split ends and dryness . Humidity also kills my hair and turns it into frizz , but these products really work to fix all that as well as boosting my hairs shine . Get these , worth every penny !!
 I got a sample of this fragrance from the Hermes store , also the Elixir Des Merveilles . I like them both but for everyday wear I prefer the Eau Des Merveilles . It is a warm feminine fragrance & you do n't need much . Sometimes I combine it with Arancia by Acqua Di Palma , the two fragrances go together very well . It has good staying power & does n't change drastically at dry down . The shower gel & body lotion maintain the fragrance very well . Worth mentioning , if you use the body cream , you wo n't need to layer it with perfume as it has a strong lasting fragrance .
 I love this fragrance anyway , and I searched all over the web to find the best price on this set . It contains a bottle of Eau des Merveilles that cost me $ 70 at Nordstrom in West Palm Beach last year , plus I got this awesome lotion and body wash too . With this fragrance , a little goes a long way , and I ended up paying $ 30 less for even more than I bargained for .
 This mac mauvellous lipstick is perfect for a party shopping modern hip manhatten chic like me everyone loves it on me pamela lee could rock this color and naomi campbell super model . Iam a women of color and it looks great on me . This color is not for a over conservative plain jane . This color is for a kimora lee , tyra banks type individual ! I love it !
 THIS IS MY FAVORITE PARFUME . EVER SINCE IT CAME OUT I AM BUYING IT . THIS TIME I GOT IT FOR MY SELF AND FOR MY BEST FRIEND BECAUSE SHE ALWAYS COMPLIMENTED ME ON THE SCENT AND I KNOW SHE WILL LOVE IT . JUST AWESOME PARFUME !
 This is a great product.If you wear it one day , you 'll smell it on your clothes for other 2 days.Fast shipping . Everything you can expect .
 A very special person introduced me to this perfume awhile ago . It is the only fragrance I currently wear , love the citrus , fresh scent . Not to strong , and can be worn summer or winter .
 I love love smells amazing I had got a sample of it from macys with some perfum I purchased I went back to the store to buy it & they said that they did n't carry anymore so i came home jumped on amazon & there it was for half the price & I was worried it may have been knock-off but , it 's not this is same originsl scent that received in the sample & people love it everywhere I go it 's not over-powering & It lingers lightly on you as the day goes on.Great buy & shipping was really fast even for the basic ship price.Thanks amazon thinking I may never buy perfum from Macy 's again lol !
 I purchased this toilette spray after seeing good reviews for it online . I was curious , so I ordered it . Initially after recieving the spray I hated it . I felt the fragrance was too strong ! It put it on my dresser where it sat untouched for several weeks . Then , the other day my teenage daughter was rambling in my room looking for a fragrance to wear to school . She wanted something that would last all day because she had gym class that particular day . She liked the cute bottle the fragrance was in and before I could yell at her not to spray it , she had sprayed it all over her body . She loved it ! I gladly gave it to her with specific directions to NEVER spray it around me . After school when she came home I noticed she smelled really nice -LRB- which is not normal on gym class days -RRB- . The scent was floral yet energizing . I recognized the fragrance as my I love love , but it smelled great on her ! After trying it on myself I realized I had misjudged the fragrance . I have heard that some scents smell better after they have been on the skin for a while . This is definately one of them . I probably will not wear the fragrance now because it is getting cold and it smells more like a summer or spring fragrance . But , when it gets warm again I will definately be wearing it .
 I am the type of person who loves to smell good all day long . I spray my skin , and the inside of my clothes with this stuff so I know I will smell as delicious when I come home from work as I did when I left the house !
 i think it 's a good product , but it only can last for 2 hours . and i like the smell very much !
 I was looking for a citrus fragrance and was just about to pay a high price for Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue . I googled reviews of Light Blue and four reviews of this fragrance . The review said to buy the large bottle so because of the low price I did and I was so happy I did . I have since ordered 3 more bottles and gave one to a friend . This fragrance will not disappoint !
 my wife really loves this perfume and I really like the way it smells on her distinct scent not overpowering but turns heads and everyone wants to know what scent she is wearing .
 This is a light scent , especially good for spring and summer . I gave it as a graduation gift to a young woman and she was very happy with it ! If you like the more pricey `` Light Blue '' by Dolce & Gabbana , chances are you will like this !
 I love perfumes , body sprays , and fragrances but only recently started buying perfumes . I bought a sample vial of I Love Love and immediately fell in love with it ! So right away I bought a large bottle , which Amazon has an amazing price for ! At the time , I 'd never smelled anything quite like it . Recently , someone asked me if I was wearing Light Blue by D&G , so I went and smelled that perfume . They smell very similar , but I Love Love has a more fruity/citrus-y scent that I enjoy more . My favorite is how FRESH it smells after it 's aired out ... like an hour later . I spray my bedsheets too so that I 'd smell it while sleep ! I LOVE I Love Love by Moschino ! : -RRB-
 I love this scent ! A lot of people will guess D&G Light Blue but when I tell them what it is the write it down ! I even have men stop and ask what are you wearing ? You will not be sorry , buy this perfume , you will smell great !! It also stays on your clothes for a long time ! Bonus !
 Really like this scent . Makes one get a tingly feeling to smell it . Very fresh and exhilarating . Not a calm smell . Only drawback , it does n't seem to last for hours
 I love this fragrance , it smells delicious , I find that has a blue light like D & G , but this I like it more and the price is lower . I recommend it !
 I LOVE this perfume and receive compliments regarding its wonderful fragrance . It is similar to D&C Light Blue , but at a much more reasonable price .
 I love this perfume , it makes me feel sooo sexy . I was so happy when it arrived . It arrived in great condition -LRB- sealed new product -RRB- . I originally purchased this same product from Kohls but the entire bottle leaked out and when i returned to Kohls they had no more . It seems that I can only find it on the net now . Thanks Amazon.com .
 this is my all time favorite scent . . i love it it smells like D&G light blue but its cheaper ... but the only downside is that it dosent stay all day you need to apply more though out the day . . i gone throught 4 bottles of this yummmy scent
 I wo n't rate the product , I 'm sure anyone ordering cologne/perfume online already knows they want that fragrance . I will say that the these arrived 2 days ahead of schedule , which was a pleasant surprise .
 Amazon is the greatest !!! This was purchased for a special girl - special day.When the package arrived just SEVERAL days after order - it was hastily wrapped and good to go for that occassion . Much to my chagrin - the gift was opened and LOW & BEHOLD things were n't as expected.A call to amazon.com - situation remedied . THANK YOU amazon!Product A1Provider ? A1 + + + + + +
 It is a simular fragrance to Dolce ' & Gabanna Lt. Blue , which is the fragrance I had previously used . I have had many occasions that total strangers have complimented me on my cologne and wanted to know what I was wearing . I guess they love `` I Love Love '' too !
 I Love Love For Women . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 OuncesSo glad this is available through Amazon -- it 's not in most stores any more and I love it !
 This is a light fresh fragrance . I get many compliments about the scent and that is actually how I found it by asking someone else what they were wearing . It is hard to find at retailers so I am glad I found it online and will buy again . The product arrived very quickly from the shipper .
 A friend of mine was wearing this and I liked it so much I went ahead and bought some as well . I really do enjoy the scent , but perfumes are a must to try in person first before buying .
 i 'm very impressed by the fragrance . this is the first time i tried this perfume and i 'm really happy with it . i highly recommend it
 I am so sad that they discontinued this fragrace . It is amazing . I had been searching for a long time for a citris perfume that was n't a cheap scent from Victoria Secret or Bath and Body Works . I like D&G Light Blue , but this has a more grapefruit scent . The price is also amazing . I will probably stock up on these before they are all gone forever !
 My daughter loves this ! The smell is light and delicate . Not too heavy . Wonderful for summer ! And the price is right !
 I ordered this last week as a present for my daughter and it arrived today , she is thrilled , excellent product and very prompt service . I will order again with no hesitation ... thanks .
 This smell is totally irresistible , I bought it and got addicted to it immediately . The problem is that the smell does n't last long so you have to reapply it throughout the day but it smells totally wonderful . Very very refreshing , highly recommended .
 I love this product ! Thanks so much for sending it to me ! My husband loves it too !
 I receive compliments every time I wear this fragrance . Many ask if I 'm wearing Light Blue ! It last long and is not overpowering .
 This bottle is a great buy for the amount and price . It will last me years and I 'm so happy it was cheap . : -RRB-
 My wife loves it , and so do I . It came in its original box . Nice product to give to someone special .
 I love this perfume . It has a great , light , citrus scent that I think is ideal perfect for the spring/summer !
 This came out before Dolce 's &#34; Light Blue &#34; but somehow was in it 's shadow . This is cheaper than it 's copycat , lasts longer -LRB- although I am blunted since I wear it OUT -RRB- . I wore it in college in 2004 & then took a break b/c i could no longer smell it . I have finally purchased it again , and it makes me smile when I spritz!Great fragrance , gets nothing but compliments .
 It really smells like DG Light Blue , and that 's what everyone thinks it is . The only problem is , the smell seems to fade unless you a ton on to begin with .
 i have been using this product for about three years - it replaced another fragrance that I used to use . -LRB- Dolce Gabbanna - Light Blue -RRB- The fragrances are sosimilar that I have been asked if the fragrance was the former that I used.Can ' t beat the price - it is more than half of the original fragrance and I absolutely love it and get many compliments . It is a light pleasing fragrance .
 I really do love this perfume ! I received so many compliments when I wear this perfume . I like to spray it directly on my skin . It is very citrusy but it has this real tame woodsy scent in the background . So hard to describe but it 's now my signature scent . :-RRB- I wear it wherever I go , not just the summer time like most people . You have to try it for yourself . And I heard a lot of people describe closest as Dolce 's Light Blue . I can agree with them on that but I think I love love lasts longer and had a lighter scent .
 Love this perfume very light smell and last all day long ... . I had allergy with a strong perfume but this I LOVE LOVE by moschino was very mild and I can spray it every day ... I Love Love by Moschino Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 oz
 Hellooo . . i sooo in love of this smell . I have a lot of perfum , between then versace gucci and i have to admit that this is my prefered ! my boyfriend says that is not too strong , but is a good smell . Something citric but not too strong . ! and the price is perfect . Thank you so much amazon for giving me the oportunity to have this eau the toilette.Cheers ,
 Now my favorite !! I get so many compliments on this fragrrance , only wished the scent lasted longer , but have no problem in re-applying to refresh . .
 I really like this fragrance . It smells very clean and fresh . Everybody asks me what I am wearing and often confuse it with Light Blue of Dolce & Gabbana . Really happy with my purchase . Thanks !
 I purchased this based solely on reviews here . My husband loves the smell and ca n't figure out how I can pick a winner perfume over the internet.I did and am happy with my purchase , Thank you to all you reviewer !! . This perfume is a stand out scent for me ... different than my usual flowery scents like Pleasures or Dreaming .
 I discovered I love love eau de toilette spray when a friend who lives outside the country asked me to bring a bottle for her when I came to visit . I sprayed before I bought it and love the fruity scent . My hubby he loved the scent and told me this is his favorie scent on me . Anyone who comes near me , family , colleagues at work , friends , my hairdresser and even the servers in the restaurants ask me what scent I 'm wearing.I ca n't find it anywhere in the big stores here in Honolulu . I went to Neiman Marcus , Nordstrom & Macy 's but they do n't carry it . I was happy to learn that I can get it on line that 's why I ordered 3 bottles and will get more to give away as gifts .
 Can not beat the price for the quantity . I think it smells great , citrusy and light not to overbearing . Only con is it fades quickly .
 Not only is it such a great deal , but it 's always shipped speedily and carefully . Will continue to buy it here , where I know it is affordable !
 I bought this for my sister on Christmas and I purchased it at the mall at Perfume Plus for $ 61.00 I saw on Amazon that it was half the price so I ended up returning the one I bought at the mall . The cashiers told me there was no way this could be 30 $ online and be the real thing . Well it is and you get an amazing deal ! Would definitely buy from again !
 I love this scent . It is my favorite and my signature scent . I always get questions from people about what I am wearing . It is like D&G Light Blue , but I think this has a stronger citrus-y scent , which I love . I would recommend this to anyone who likes fresh , citrus scents . Or to anyone who likes Light Blue , but is working on a smaller budget .
 This perfume has a very fruity , floral scent . It 's flirty and different from your average fragrance . Plus , its not overpowering but it still stands out . This fragrance is a great one if you would like to try something out of the ordinary , that is fun and different .
 This is my favorite perfume in the whole world ! The smell is very similar to D & G `` Light Blue '' ... but I still think I like `` Love '' better ! : -RRB-
 This is the best price I have found online for this perfume that my daughter wanted for her birthday . If you like this fragrance , then buy this size as this is the best price for the largest sized bottle . She loves it and I must say , it smells wonderful .
 ordered I Love Love perfume by Moschino and it arrived promptly , safe and sound . Sealed , new in box - I would not hesitate to order from this vendor again . Moschino I Love Love
 Every summer I make an attempt to find a new `` signature '' fragrance for me . My taste is very particular as I prefer only clean , citrusy fragrances , such as Cool Water and Clinique Happy Heart . I purchased Light Blue by D&G , but do n't wear it often as it is very popular amongst my crowd . I came across I Love Love one day and immediately fell in love !!! The fragrance is similar to Light Blue but smells a bit more citrusy and the fragrance stays with you !! Just about everyone that I have introduced to it has loved it as well . A great all year round fragrance !!!
 If you like D&G light blue you 'll love this . They have a very similar smell . It 's citrusy and light . A great summer scent . I get compliments on my perfume daily by friends and strangers . This is also a great price for this size of the bottle , Cheapest I 've found .
 This is the best fragrance it wakes up your senses it is for thoes who are livly at heart once you smell it you 'll be in love with I Love Love
 My hubby purchased this `` Romantic '' scent for me after I received a sample of it . I get nothing but , compliments when I wear it . The name I LOVE LOVE is the best description for this scent . Because that 's pretty much what everyone says once they smell it . If you LOVE citrus & fresh sweet smells than this is the scent for you . If you want more info on the descriptive notes of this perfume go to
 I love this perfume.thanxs to my sister who told me about it , after that I had to have it.amazon has a great price and got it just in time !
 I love this perfume , and it 's pretty much all I wear . I get headaches from heavier perfumes , but this is so nice and light . Even though it is light , I get compliments on it all the time , so it is noticeable .
 Wonderful gift to put on top of anything else you have purchased for your lovely lady . No matter who has been gifted with this item , the reviews are wonderful .
 I bought this perfume few months ago and I enjoy wearing it since then . The price is great and I dont have to wait long for delivery . I got a lot of attention from my co worker and asking me where I got it.I surely recommend this to everybody who loves flowery and citrusy scent .
 D&G 's Light Blue used to be my signature scent , until my mom started using it . Also , I realized that it was a commonly worn perfume . I decided to buy I Love Love without even trying it first , mostly because of other reviews . I was very pleased with the purchase ! I get compliments from a lot of people whenever I wear it . : -RRB-
 I 've been wearing this perfume for over 5 years ! From the first time I smelled a sample given with a Spanish magazine , I immediately fell in love with this scent and the chemistry with my body . The smell of citrus makes me also feel happy in the mornings , I do n't know why ... . As long as Moschino produces this fragrance I 'm going to be the # 1 fan .
 I love perfumes , and this is the one i get most compliments on . It smell similar to D&G ; light blue but BETTER !! Lasts at least 6 hours ... I have been buying it since I was in high school and I am still addicted to this smell . I think you will be too !
 Love this perfume . Clean , light , lovely . I have been wearing it for years and always receive compliments . Amazon shipped it quick . Try the lotion but use only a bit . Then the scent can be overpowering
 My favorite scent and both my daughters use it as well . It costs almost twice as much at large department stores so a bargain here .
 Smells amazing , shiping fast , and good price ! Was worried at the begining , did n't know if I will like the smell , but its citrusy , kind of fresh smell and unique .
 Love this perfume . Citrusy , clean smelling . Not overbearing . Get lots of compliments .
 A scent for those who may be allergic to floral scents like I am . It goes on light but lasts for most of the day . Citrusy and light .
 got the best deal in this perfume ... . has a good smell and I want to use it everyday even when i 'm sleeping ... . so addicted to perfume ...
 I have been trying to master false eyelashes for months now . I do n't want a big movie star look , just want a simple little lash with a longer look than my own . Well it 's good these are inexpensive and give you lots of pairs . First , I do cut them in half and use the on the outer edge of my eye . Second , if you did n't cut them in half , you 'd have to have a large eye because they are big . But my big help and secret to falsies is - Revlon glue with brush applicator . Why did no one think of this before ? You just pull the brush out of the glue and brush it lightly on the edge of the falsie . Then aim it toward the lash line , holding by the end and place . Voila ! No drama . And when you pick the right one for you and cut them correctly you can have a natural or extreme look . But the brand is good and , like I say , inexpensive so you can use them everyday . So come on Amazon and add Revlon Glue with brush to your wares .
 This seller is very concerned about customer satisfaction ! It was a pleasure working with this company !
 Very cute , my mom loves it . However , its a bit larger than I expected -LRB- 4 '' tall -RRB- - and could really use a wide base . I actually ended up epoxying it to an aluminum coaster so it would n't get knocked over.That said , its lovely and does the job !
 the ring holder was a birthday present and was very well received . cute , came fast , easy to order .
 I bought this adorable kitty ring holder for my best friend . She always takes her wedding ring off to sleep and loves anything to do with kitties ! It is the perfect size for one or many rings and looks adorable sitting on her night stand . She was thoroughly pleased with little kitty .
 I put this cute ring holder on my dresser with some of the rings I make and it sure is cute ! I love it !
 I saw a ring holder that my friend had and really wanted one as well . This one is perfect ! Super cute and well-crafted . I would defninitely recommend this to all cat lovers . Plus , the shipping time was excellent !
 My friend loves her ring holder . It doesnt even look like something I would get for such a great bargin !
 Lush has a winner with this bath bomb . The bomb fizzes into a wonderful scent and pink colour . You 'll leave the bath very soothed and refreshed . No ring-around-the-tub , either .
 LUSH has done it yet again w / yet another amazing bath bomb that looks pretty simple but once put in the water transforms into numerous , luxurious , romantic , skin nourishing things.First the rose colored water , then the scent of jasmine mixed with ylang-ylang , & other soothing scents hit you , then you notice the bubbles that almost gracefully float along the water & last but certainly not least the rice paper rose petals that start to slowly float around.Whether using this to relax by yourself or with your partner for a romantic setting you 're sure to be very pleased ! I 've bought 3 or 4 more since my 1st & ca n't wait to use them .
 I LOVE the smell of this bath bomb ! My only regret is that I only ordered one :--LRB- I will deffinately be ordering LOTS more ! It leaves your skin silky smooth with a HEAVENLY scent that lasts & lasts & lasts ! You wo n't be disapointed , I promise !!
 One of LUSH 's primary attractions is the fact that their products are unique in texture , scent and color and are fun to use . This is the case with the SEX BOMB - I love the bright pink color and the musky scent . One of the * best * bombs , and truly an experience !
 This was my first lush product ever and I am so excited to try the other ones that I bought . The sex bomb left the water a nice pink and it has some rose petals in the middle but I took those out because I didnt want to have a nasty clean up after my bath . My skin was so soft after my bath and still the next day smelled lovely . It might be too strong for some people but I have a small bathroom and a pretty small tub and I found it to be just perfect . It even made the whole house smell great . It didnt leave any pink on the tub possibly because I cleaned my tub right before . I will probably get this again but not for awhile until I try all of the lush products that I am interested in . And beleive me ... theres so many .
 I enjoyed using this LUSH product very much . The pink water was a fun touch for me , and the silk like feel of the water was very inviting . The smell was alot better than I expected and I felt uplifted and awake by its scent . I had thrown in the whole bomb into the tub and let it fizz before stepping in . Not sure what the exact proper directions are since they do n't come with any whatsoever ! The smell did n't last too long on my skin . Oh on a funny note , I did n't realize the middle was rice paper and had let it fizz along with the rest of the bomb . When I came out of the tub the rice paper had turned to goo and stuck to my hair ! Did n't look too good , but whoops on my part ! I liked this BOMB alot more than my previous LUSH bubble bar -LRB- milk ? -RRB- and look forward to experimenting with more LUSH bombs .
 Fantastic , glorious , decadent . Buy it , try it . You 'll feel better right away . Makes my mood better , clears my mind , softens the skin . And I feel a little sexier . Its * so * good .
 This is the second time that I 've gotten this product . It turns the bath a pretty hot pink color and it makes my room and me smell great .
 This bath bomb is fabulous -- it smells great -LRB- but not overpowering -RRB- , and it makes your skin silky smooth . I have tried many Lush bath bombs , and this is by far my favorite .
 My 92 year old mom was offended by this.She could n't figure out what to do with it!Said it was cheap . disgusting and smelled like rotten flesh.Said she would never talk to me again!And it only cost me less than $ 7 bucks , to get her to shut the hell up ! : - -RRB-
 Dipper won a raffle recently at our local Moose Lodge totaling 500 clams . I was also given a gag gift of this pink and purple SEX BOMB Bath Bomb by LUSH . It left the Kia smelling real curious and I swear deer were chasing me down the highway home . I left the SEX BOMB in the garage until I swear squirrels were trying to use a battering ram to get in . The next day , as luck would have it , I was heading down to the local target range . The Dipper Bright Lightbulb lit up the forest then and the SEX BOMB just happened to come along ! With a little jimmieing , the SEX BOMB was properly snuggled into the skeet trap launch . PULL was called out several times before the Purple Dove flew right . And I missed ! Much to my amazement , the baseball bomb bounced ! A retrieval and reload with # 4 shot was readied ! Dipper 's aim was true this time and it was SEX BOMB fireworks over the range !!! That thing went off like an al-Quaeda freedom fighter ! My Moose boodle was recently spent on 100 of these Hubba-Bubbles and they have greatly entertained since ! Dipper sure knows how to use his rod right !!! VERY HIGHLY recommended !
 My first experience shopping in a Lush store was in Victoria , BC and it seemed a bit like a beauty bakery . You may go to Victoria to see the Butchart Gardens , but if you want to scent your world with floral and exotic scents , then this company has a lot to offer . You can truly surround yourself in natural bath bliss that is reminiscent of everything from freshly cut grass -LRB- the Jungle conditioning bar -RRB- to perfumes from the Mediterranean.The Bath Ballistic is an explosion of heavenly scented pink bubbles that float about like flowers and then seem to relax into little tropical islands floating in a pink sea . The color is rose , but the scents are a blend of Synthetic Musk , Jasmine , Clary Sage , and Ylang Ylang . The rice paper flower in the center opens up and drifts around in the water like white rose petals.After soaking for a while , you start to notice your skin being deeply moisturized and after your bath , you might notice you need to use half the lotion you normally would apply . If you try this at night , you will awaken the next morning warm , snuggly and still heavenly scented with essential oils . The wide range of feelings experienced after your bath may include everything from wishing to fall asleep in soft pink flannel pajamas to wanting a night of romance on the town -LRB- dimly lit restaurants with candles -RRB- . Either way , you will be relaxed , happy and feel quite sexy.The softness of your skin may inspire you to wear silkier fabrics , cashmere robes or look for a pair of pink marabou slippers and a chiffon baby doll outfit.A small sampling of delicious products arrived with this purchase and the solid jungle bar conditioner was fun to use in the bath because it does n't drip all over and really seems to adhere to each strand and by the end of your bath you will have silky skin and baby soft hair , reborn from a moisturizing treatment that includes ingredients like Cocoa Butter , Passion Fruit , Bananas , Kumquats , Ylang Ylang , Cypress and Vetivert . ~ The Rebecca ReviewP.S . I always add a little sea salt to the bath ...
 The description doesnt really explain how big this item is but it is about the size of a baseball ! I was impressed ! A lovely smell and great skin softeners . Not oily or greasy , just light and pleasant . I will be ordering more !!
 Sex Bomb is one of Lush 's larger size bath bombs . It has a very pleasant , floral smell . It is n't sickly sweet like some other floral scents , it is a deep scent that is only somewhat sweet . The Jasmine and Ylang Ylang are really wonderful , my sniffer does n't really pick up the Clary Sage . Not only does it smell wonderful but it also leaves my skin soft and silky all day ! I 've found that in a standard tub size I can break Sex Bomb in half and use it for two different baths . The scent lingers for about a day , in my bathroom at least . Sex Bomb turns the water pink , but I have n't had a problem with it leaving stains . I find Sex Bomb very relaxing to soak in . The little flower in there does n't melt though , but it is easy to clean up . You can always tie the bath bomb in a stocking and tie it off if there are things in them you do n't want in your water . If you 've never tried a bath bomb this is a good one to start with .
 I bought one of these a few months ago , and stored it in my bathroom cabinet for safekeeping till I was ready to use it . Every time I opened that cabinet the whole house would be perfumed with the smell of it ! Finally last night I went ahead and used the bomb for my bath . The water turned a very pretty pink color , and I thought the fizzing action lasted a lot longer than with other bath bombs I 've used in the past , and was somewhat stronger . -LRB- It 's good if you do that trick of putting the fizzing bomb underneath sore muscles to get some light massaging action from the bubbles . -RRB- I love the smell of it -- it 's like a perfect halfway between candy and floral scents . The fragrance stuck to me all night , too ; it was great . My skin also felt quite nice getting out of the bath -LRB- probably because citric acid is a major ingredient in the bomb -- it helps soften skin when put in a bath . -RRB- I do wish they were a bit less expensive , but I knew what I was getting into when I bought it . That 's why I saved it for a discontented day whereupon I felt I really needed it !
 i received this in a gift set . it smells so good-sexy in a comforting , relaxing way . i did n't want to waste it in one bath -LRB- nor did i want to keep ordering so much stuff from that addicting company ! -RRB- so took the easy way out and used it to scent my bed linens . i whacked it into about five good size chunks-the ballistic is pretty big-and whenever i cleaned my sheets , i 'd soak them for a few hours in the tub with a piece of the bomb . this worked out great , as my bed smelled heavenly for weeks . the bathroom would smell good for awhile , too . i 'd suggest this to anyone who has dark-colored bed linens -LRB- the water colors pretty intensely and light sheets might stain -RRB- , whether you sleep alone or share your bed .
 Ahhhhhhhhhh-mazing ! If you love baths , bubblebaths . . etc. . This is amazing . The scent in the air is heavenly the softness of the water . I currently have a little tub , so I have to cut it in quarters . This is not a defect !!! this only makes it last three times longer , ha ! I absolutely love Lush and all their bath products.Amazon is great at getting your shipments if not on time , a day or two before !!! I will continue to shop Amazon and will most likely always love LUSH !
 I have purchased many sex bombs ... has a light floral scent . I suggest purchasing LUSH products in their stores , rather than online . It is nice to judge the scents in person . If you know what you want go online and do n't expect the speediest delivery .
 The name says it all . With a touch jasmine and ylang ylang to make you feel sexy , and the clary sage makes it exceedingly relaxing . A definate for a full hedonistic experience . You 'll leave you tub feeling like a goddess -LRB- if you ever feeling like getting out after this bomb ! -RRB- and the scent really stays for awhile . Absolutely lovely !
 As a heads up - If you do not like strong flowery jasmine then do not purchase this product!It is simply not for everyone.That being said , if you love the smell -LRB- as I do -RRB- then you should be delighted . I stock up on these bad boys for bad days and loooong hot baths . Truly an indulgence !! I have seen a few reviews saying there was no smell , little smell or a strange smell not like in the store - Lush products are made from mostly natural , often organic ingredients . They do have shelf lifes and are not all perfect . Once in a while you will get a dud - This comes from the fact that they are made from REAL INGREDIENTS !!! If you call Lush support or go into the store they are pretty good about replacing a dud or giving you many free samples to try other products !
 Loved this bath bomb . Mad that the hubby was doing the laundry at the same time so the water was not as hot asI like it . -LRB- On the other hand , the hubby was doing the laundry !! -RRB- Could have lived without the rice paper flower that semi-desintigrated in the tub , but the aroma and color were dreamy . I woke up and could still smell the scent on my skin . Will buy again . BTW - they sent samples - Rock Star soap was fun for my daughter .
 This stuff smells awesome ! It almost kind of made me feel a little naughty just because it 's such a `` sexy '' sort of smell . Plus , it turns the bathwater this really surreal shade of pink , if visuals are your thing.This stuff lingers on the skin a little strong , though ... I actually broke mine in thirds and it was still fairly potent . Not that that 's a bad thing ; -RRB-
 The Sex Bomb seems to be the top rated bomb from Lush , and for good reason . The first thing that happens when this delectable bomb meets the water is the fizzle ... and then the rice paper flower blooms ... just like a woman coming into her own . The scent hits you next which is almost illicit in its intoxicating smell , taking your mind to places not for public viewing . The one and only downfall to this naughty and wonderful sin is the hot pink velvety water has a tendency to stain some tubs so make sure you have some cleaner ready - oh and make sure that your man of the hour is on standby , you wo n't want to be lonely after this ! FYI
 Lush is an amazing bath store near my house , but sometimes it 's easier to order from here . the sex bath bomb is not to be missed , as it is sexy , silky , luxurious , with a lovely scent that lasts on your skin and lingers in the bathroom for a whole day . just pop one in and it immediately fizzes open for bath time enjoyment .
 I had gone to Vancouver Island several years ago and discovered Lush cosmetics . I was so excited when I saw that Amazon started carrying Lush products and I ordered them immediately . The bath bomb was phenomenal . The sex bath bomb was absolutely perfect . The scent was amazing without being overpowering and it made my skin feel so silky and soft . I also liked that Lush sent me samples of some of their other products to try out , I will most definitely order this particular bath bomb again and again , and I will recommend it to all my friends . I ca n't say enough about it ! It makes you feel like a princess and you never want to leave the tub ! It 's most definitely a keeper !!!
 This is by far my favorite thing in the world , I do n't purchase bath bombs that do n't produce bubbles because I love them so , but i have read so many awesome reviews on this I figured I would try it . The smell is divine , the smell lasts through out the next day . I did try to break this bomb in half then tried to cut it did n't work ... just toss the whole thing in your bath its amazing .
 it smells like roses and jasmine and make the water turn a pretty pink . I wanted to stay in the bath for ever . This is one of my favorite bath bombs from lush and one of my favorite products .
 The `` sex bomb '' makes your bathroom , water and you feel ultra sexy!It 's a huge bath bomb with the perfect combination of jasmine and ylang ylang , the scent is not too soft or too strong !! I felt like a `` Hilton '' in the beautiful scented pink water!Not to spoil the surprise ... but the slow opening rose bud . . tops off the bath , like your last bite of Belgium chocolate .
 I ca n`t say ityou should try itit worth
 Nice and relaxing . We have yet to try something from Lush that we did n't like . Make soaking in the bath a real treat .
 If you have never tried a LUSH Bath Bomb , you 've never really lived ! Treat yourself ! This is a feminine , feel good , smell good , pamper yourself , playful product if there ever was one . The name 's right too !! I have to admit , I had not been pampering myself enough recently , and rarely had time for a leisurely bath last summer . It was jump into the shower in the AM and off to work . Then , especially in NYC , there 's the morning , afternoon and evening rush , a quick dinner , maybe another shower , hit the sack , and then it begins all over again . I pulled a muscle a few weeks ago and bought some bath salts to relieve the pain . I realized how good it felt to bathe again - to make time to relax . I mentioned this to a friend , -LRB- Thank God for girl friends !! -RRB- , who hustled on over to the nearest Lush store and picked up a potent Hot Pink SEX BOMB Bath Bomb for me !!! OK ! So what does one do with a bath bomb . Clean your tub !! Then fill it with water . I like mine hot . Drop in the bomb and it will fizz like crazy and dissolve . You can dive in while it is melting or wait . I was and am impatient . For those bombs containing flower petals or other surprises , wrap the globe in nylon before use . The water should feel silky soft and the entire room will smell wonderful and steamy.Now , I hate pink - which I do n't consider to be a real color . . . so much for girly-girls ! But this was such a lovely gesture from a good friend , and so I made an exception . She wanted feedback , no less . Fortunately I used this product before going out , because -LRB- WOW ! -RRB- once you experience the eroticism of bathing in the alluring scent of jasmine and ylang ylang , lying back in the tub with a towel cushioning your head and neck , and the warm , fragrant steam wafting by your face , you will not want to sleep . As I said , the name 's right - for a reason . You will feel invigorated and want company to share your newly softened , lush smelling skin.Anyway , back to the bath . I turned the lights low and lit a candle to enhance the experience . And the lack of light did help to hide the fact that my bath water was pink - but a much softer , more subtle color than the outside of the bomb , fortunately . Clary sage essential oil , with reported aphrodisiac properties , is a primary ingredient which helps sooth and smooth the skin . And again , the smell was heavenly.I have since become addicted to Lush 's bath bombs , there are all kinds with just one purpose - to pamper you and make you feel terrific ! Check them out . You deserve it ! This one is a real winner!JANA
 I love Lush things , but in general they tend to smell similar , well , this bath bomb , make the water a hot pink , and it smells like sweet , flowery musk . In other words , it 's insanely enchanting.I think the dictionary should have a picture of this Bath Ball under the definition of beautiful , beacuse this simply it.And I love how consistent they are , every single one of the Sex Bombs I bought smells the same . Major points there!I think I 've used like 8 of those all ready . I ca n't stop buying them , great product , and a nice unique scent !
 I first tried LUSH when I lived in England . I saw a shop and was curious about it and went in . My first reaction was WOW , the shop smelled FANTASTIC !! I starting buying all kinds of LUSH Products from then ! My favorites and staples in my house are Sex Bomb , Floating Island , Ceriwen 's Cauldren , Creamed Almond and Coconut Smoothie , Honey I Washed The Kids Soap , King of Skin , Buffy The Backside Slayer , and a few others . LUSH has to be one of my favorite stores !! Since there is only one shop in the US and that 's far away from me I usually have my friends in England ship me some LUSH goodies and I ship them some American goodies !! We love our exchanges and I get all my favorites !! If you have yet to try LUSH I recommended it !!
 when i bought this bath bomb i was skeptical and did n't really think it would work but i was definitly proved wrong ! it even got my husband in the mood and he wasnt in the tub with me . needless to say i never got to finish my bath cuz um well they dont call it a sex bomb for nothing . lol ! i would definitly recommend it to everyone i know . a few of my friends have tried it also and love it !!
 This is my all time favorite Lush bath bomb ! The scent is wonderful and long lasting . It turns the water a beautiful milky pink with a few pink rice paper rose petals floating around . I wish I could have a bath with one of these every night . A little pricey but worth every penny .
 My favorite of all LUSH 's Bath Bombs ! Smells so good , and leaves my skin really soft and moisturized . What I love best about LUSH 's bath bombs -LRB- and the bubble bars -RRB- is the fact that you do n't need to rinse off after using them . You just relax in your tub , and when you 're done you just towel off.The Sex Bomb contains jasmine , which I am not really a fan of , however I found this bath bomb to smell SOOOO good . It must be the other essentials oils as well . The scent lingers and I can still smell it the next day . Sex Bomb made my bath water -LRB- I do n't have a tub , but I used my boyfriends tub -RRB- a really nice pink color , and the rice paper rose slowly dissolved . It made the water so silky and soft as well . As weird as that sounds , you know what I 'm talking about if you 've tried a LUSH bath bomb before . For those of you who do n't know what I 'm talking about , go out and get one NOW ! You wo n't be disappointed!Good things DO come in small packages !
 I just finished my first ever Lush Sex Bomb Bath Bomb bath , and I am SOLD ! SexBomb is one of two emotibombs I purchased a couple of weeks ago , after doing plenty of research on the LUSH website about which smells I might enjoy and what others had experienced with their products . The positive reviews I have read about this bomb thus far do n't do justice to this soft-ball sized pink sphere of magic!If it seems large enough to break in half and get more for your money by all means do - that was my plan and a well placed whack with a hammer did a fine job of it ; after putting half of it in the bathwater and watching it turn an enticing blush color as the bomb piece fizzed its way around the tub I decided to say `` why not ? '' and threw in the other piece too . I am SO glad I did - The color was gorgeous -LRB- and did NOT leave a ring around my tub as I 've read other bombs do -RRB- andthe scent is lingering on my skin and hair as I sit and type and is deliciously floral but not cloyingly so . A 7 dollar bath is a decadent thing in this day and age , but i 'll gladly give up a couple mornings ' worth of coffee runs in order to enjoy a bath like this one once or twice a month . DELICIOUSLY WORTH IT !
 great bomb . floats and fizzes on the surface of the water as it reveals the flower inside . smells and feels great .
 This is awsome ! The whole house smelled like this fragrance . Very good if you are sharing the tub with someone !
 This was great ! The scent nearly put me to sleep in the tub ! Awesome !!!
 This is my absolute favorite bath bomb from Lush . I came upon a Lush store while I was living in the UK and this is the first product I came upon . It smells so nice and turns your water pink . After soaking in the tub , it also makes your skin smell pretty too . And my husband always knows when I have had this bath bomb in the tub because the smell lasts in my bathroom for like 2 days !
 I love the sex bomb ballistic !!! It turned my bath water a hot pink color and smelled yummy . The name sex bomb is somewhat deceiving though , because I did n't think the smell was necessarily `` sexy '' . It was more of a sweet , yummy smell . It has a rose that floats around . . the idea of which is neat but the rose felt totally disguisting and smooched all up when I touched it . BUT the water color and smell where enough for me ! I will definately buy this product again .
 this is great when you need that sexy feeling ... the paper flower that emerges from the bomb is beautiful ... the scent on the skin will drive your mate wild ...
 I was so excited to get this item that I counted the days until it arrived . My bath was wonderful ... the flower in the tub was a fun addition . If I smelled the bomb and was asked to name it ... I would n't have picked the word `` sex `` Its to relaxing a smell for that . I did enjoy my bath very much however!Just a note for you ladies -LRB- or gents -RRB- who are a bit sensitive to bath salts , bombs , etc . . this one did give me a slight rash -LRB- on my arms -RRB- and some burning -LRB- on my more sensitive areas -RRB- . . but a shower to rinse it off worked nicely and would n't deter me from using it again .
 Sex Bomb Bath Bomb by LUSHSmells great have n't had a chance to use it yet but ca n't wait
 This cologne does smell great ... i was running late with a gift for my boyfriend so I took my brothers cologne -LRB- yes its new ! -RRB- and gave it to my bf and he loves it ! However i did have to buy my brother another one ... lol
 I got my order very very quickly Just in time for my dads birthday and he loved them it is his favorite cologne it smells great I would recommend this to everyone
 Quick delivery , all seems to be as described ... have to wait and see what the recipient makes of it , but a decent price so should be good .
 I always buy it for presents and my folks love it . It smells great - light and sexy , the price is reasonable for such size . I do have to admit that it does not last long or maybe I just got used to it .
 this scent is no longer on shelves in the US . Jaguar does n't have a deal selling it anymore , but i had first tried this overseas and it became my go-to . so when i found out that it was n't in stores i got on Amazon and was so relieved to find i could continue to smell like myself . if you have a nose and are manly you will love the scent , if you are a woman and you like men then you will love the scent . FACT ! .
 This happens to be my personal favorite cologne and I have been told by several stores that it was discontinued so I ca n't buy it locally anymore ! It arrived in a nice package on time and was sealed shut . I will definitely be ordering another bottle from the seller when I run out !
 Decleor Cleansing Water
 The title says it all . A beautifull scent and bottle . The scent is strong though so do n't get to carried away . But it 's worth the money if you are looking to use and collect these miniture cuties .
 This pale lilac lotion is a very subtle feminine fragrance that smells better as a body lotion than as the perfume version . Whenever I wear it , people always ask what I 'm wearing . It is one of those fragrances that gently sents the air as you walk by or that begs for a lingering embrace so that your sense of smell can remember it . The first time I tried it I found it on the shelf of a discount store that buys end of the season items . When I returned for more , there was none to be had . I was relieved to find it on Amazon . It is pricey when you consider that you can buy lotion from Target but if you adore a fragrance that not everybody is wearing , this is one for you .
 I 'm a fan of Avon , but for the price , I was not expecting a high quality brush . I 've now had it for 2 years and with proper cleaning I really think that it will last for a long time . The bristles do not fall out and they feel very smooth on your skin .
 Brush is so soft and only gets better with proper washing and use . Perfect for that fine dusting of shine-reducing powder ! -LRB- Mattenificent -RRB-
 I normally use Oil of Olay Complete Defense , which was recommended years ago by my dermatologist . I continue using that during the day , but starting using Sebamed moisturizer at night . It is a great product , not oily but very moisturizing . All the Sebamed products I have used have been wonderful . Sebamed soap -LRB- green liquid -RRB- totally cleared up my adult acne . I was concerned this moisturizer might cause a flareup , but no problems . I really like it for a night cream .
 I 've been very satisfy with this product although it is a little greasy , it did help my skin texture ; -RRB-
 Very pleased with this moisturizer . Smooth feel and non oily . Manufacturer should try to make this product fragrant free . The fragrance of this moisturizer is too strong and decidedly masculine .
 A few days using this product you will see a good improvement on your skin . Your skin is so hydrated and soft . so far I am satisified with this product .
 I have very sensitive skin , but I feel really comfortable with this cream.It make my skin feel soft and moisture .
 I 've used this for over a month now . My face feels softer for sure . It has a nice scent to it , not too strong . I read a lot of great reviews so I am hoping I will end up loving it , but it 's probably too soon to tell . I have no complaints though . A little seems to go a long way , too .
 I 've been buying it from my dermatologist , but no more . Amazon 's price is about 25 % less ! The entire line is great ; LOVE the Cleansing Shower Oil!Paula from Long Beach , CA
 I use this after I clean my face with Sebamed Face and Body Wash & this product is the perfect follow-up . It 's super light & non-greasy , yet it completely hydrates my skin & makes my face feel super soft . I really can not say enough about Sebamed 's products ; they have completely changed the look & feel of my skin !
 After reading the reviews on Amazon I decided to give Sebamed a try . -LRB- I bought it though at Costco during a roadshow to get a better price . -RRB- After using this cream for about three weeks my complexion has evened out . I used to deal with some redness . That 's gone now . Also , the minor wrinkles that have been developing - I 'm 37 - have almost disappeared . Best yet , when I went to the grocer 's yesterday to pick up a few things with only lipstick on , no powder , foundations , anything , the checkout clerk asked for ID and was amazed at my true age . Miracle stuff !!! One caution - it 's pretty creamy and caused minor breakouts on my forehead which can be oily at times . I now put on with dampish hands to thin out on my more oily patches and use straight around my eyes and smile areas .
 I love this lotion because it has absolutely no odor . I ca n't stand perfume-y smells on my face and this stuff is great and easy to go on with no smell whatsoever .
 I am still a Dermalogica customer however this product is comparable . This moisturizer is similar to Active Moist by Dermalogica .
 This is what I call my first grown up moisturizer . The fact that it is Hypoallergenic and Non-comedogenic for sensitive skin works perfectly for my acne prone , oily and sensitive skin . I will use this cream only in the winter as my skin is dryer . The smell is something to get used to . The first time I wore this creme , the smell irritated my nose all day . Then after 4 days , I did n't notice it as much . I would definitely recommend this product . A + + + + all around . My skin is soft and non greasey and this cream does not break me out at all . Goes well under my BB cream .
 This is the best product on the market for dry skin ... I love all of their products ! Great for your skin .
 Every winter having problems with my skin , getting super dry after what peeling and itching all over . Decided to try this cream and have no regrets . Its not greasy , not oily , easily absorbs into skin giving a perfect moisture to it . Worth trying !
 I first tried Sebamed when looking for a lotion that did n't aggravate my daughter 's eczema . I used their lotion and it helped clear her eczema up . I have extremely sensitive , adult acne-prone skin so I thought I would give this a shot . For a month or two , it worked amazingly and I thought my skin looked better than it had in a while and I had fewer breakouts . It then suddenly stopped working well for me - as many others have - and I have since stopped using it.However , if that were n't the case I would still be using it . It is a nice , light moisturizer with a pleasant , clean smell -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . It is n't a heavy-duty moisturizer so if your skin is really dry this may not work that well . But if you have normal to oily sensitive skin I would give this a try . Overall , I think Sebamed makes some top-notch products .
 I order this brand of Moisturing Cream and body wash for my 6 year old grandson , who has eczema and his mother says these products are the best she has found to help control his eczema . It is a bit expensive for the amount of product , but if you use it sparely , `` Mom '' says it is well worth it .
 When I was 16 years old , I was observing my Aunt -LRB- then in her 50 's -RRB- put on her morning face cream . I noticed she had hardly any lines on her face making her look about 40 . I asked what she was using and she showed me this little container with SEBAMED written on it . She swore up and down that this cream , which she applied religiously every morning and sometimes at night , was the reason her skin was still so beautiful . I figured she must know what she was talking about as she had modeled many years for Macy 's in the 1950 's , and was very conscientious about her looks . I asked her where she got it from and she told me it was only available in Germany . I silently swore I would find it on my own one day and began my search . Several years later , with the coming of the internet , I found it at a Chicago apothocary that specialized in German imports . I have been using it ever since and am now in my thirties . Women & men approach me all the time and ask what I use for a moisterizer . I even have salespeople from Mary Kay and Avon ask what I do to have such a wonderful complexion . I can honestly tell you my skin texture is nearly identical to what it was when I was in high school . No crow 's feet , no mouth lines , no nothing !! I am thrilled to see this cream finally on Amazon.com .
 This is the best mosturazier I used in years ! I live in Az , and I 've tried face creams from Dior , Lancme , Mario Badescu ... and so on , but nothing got me so many compliments on my skin like the sebamed lotion ! It 's non greasy , goes on very smooth and stays on all day ... . The smell that everyone complains about does n't bother me a bit ! Getting my second jar this week : -RRB-
 A friend of mine recommended me this along with the face wash . Very mild and low in scent , but makes skin so soft and smooth . Worth buying if you are still confused about face creams .
 I would definitely recommend this product.I tried this product at Costco during a roadshow they had for Seba Med . One try was all I needed ! The face and body cleanser is like no other I 've tried before . I have very sensitive skin , rosacea , and most products have an adverse reaction with my skin . But this product makes my skin soft and so clean ! Just try it : -RRB-
 I 've spent a fortune trying department store and internet moisturizers and anti-aging products . I am so happy that my search is over finally and I did not expect a very inexpensive product to solve my skin issues . My extremely sensitive , dry and acne prone skin began to worsen when I turned 41 . It made me so depressed especially since I also developed eczema particularly on very low humidity days in the valley . This product was a Godsend . I saw improvement after day 1 of use and I 'm not exaggerating . I do n't typically write reviews on Amazon but I felt I owe something to the company that literally saved my skin and my wallet . I will try other Sebamed products since I 'm truly very impressed .
 I 've had oily-to-mixed , acne-prone skin all my life . Living many years here in an arid climate where the dryness and strong sunshine take a toll on our facial skin , I was always told by dermatologists to use moisturizers especially on the dryer areas of my face.Over the years , I 've tried countless moisturizers that are supposed to be hypoallergenic , noncomedogenic , for sensitive skin , etc. . However , they were either worthless as moisturizers , or more commonly they caused my skin to break out in blemishes . Then I tried this cream , as a nighttime moisturizer , and I 'm delighted . It absorbs , feels nice , seems to help ward off dryness and tightness - and no breakouts.I 'm sold , and I 'm delighted to find it here on amazon .
 Both my daugther and I love this cream . My daugther has super sensitive skin , and we have been spending a fortune on special Clinique products -LRB- Redness Solutions series -RRB- since that was the only thing her skin would tolerate . Then we stumbled upon the Sebamed products and have used them ever since . Will recommend highly both for quality and price .
 I 've tried so many face creams with my sensitive skin - this one seems to be working well . It 's only been 2 weeks , but I really like it .
 Actually , washing hair everyday will dry out the head skin and generate some scurf owing to my dry type skin . Sebamed kind of moisture my head skin and prevent the scurf , so I love it .
 This hairspray has a great smell . great hold and wonderful shine.It is a firm hold hairspray / not soft and touchable : -RRB-
 If you are looking for a strong hold hairspray , look no further . Along with the hold , the smell is intoxicating . I receive compliments constantly . Although it is a bit pricey , the Chic Shine is worth every penny .
 Nuclear Red is a great color , stays vibrant for a long time . Still looks bright one month later . It works best on light colored hair , but makes a nice addition to darker hair as well .
 I ordered this product to dye my nieces hair . She has very dark brown hair . I bleached it with a 40 volume developer and then dyed with the Special Effects Nuclear Red . The color is very vibrant and has a lot of shine . The color grabbed quickly and is not washing out as bad as Manic Panic or Color Jams .
 1 . It is an orange based color , not pink . Most reds on the market -LRB- in the semi-perm category -RRB- are pink based - this includes pretty much every Manic Panic shade . If you want it to fade into a more pink color , stay away from this , as it 's going to fade orange -LRB- unless you had pink on beneath it -RRB- .2 . If you do n't bleach your hair before using this , you 're probably going to be disappointed . If you 're looking for a deep red to add a shimmer of red in the sunlight , you 're probably better off with Manic Panic 's Vampire Red . If you DO bleach your hair before using this , this is one of the most forgiving dyes out there . You only need to bleach to a light orange , if bleaching freaks you out .3 . While bleaching does , in fact , damage the hair , vegetable based dyes -LRB- Manic Panic , Special Effects , many others -RRB- actually help the hair . You can leave it on for hours and hours and it will not harm your hair . The dye contains no harmful chemicals , and when used on hair that has been bleached or is dry , can be very beneficial . I find that as it fades , a month or so after dyeing , my hair starts to feel dry and brittle . As soon as I put some more of this dye on my hair and let it sit for a few hours , my hair is silky , smooth and fantastic . Some people put the dye on and keep it on overnight . Some people apply heat while it 's on , to open the hair shaft so the dye can be absorbed more thoroughly . However you decide to do it , just know that these dyes are NOT damaging , and you can leave them on as long as you want . Also , make sure you do NOT condition your hair before using this , as the conditioner will make the application uneven . Wash your hair with a PH balanced shampoo -LRB- a lot of people use dandruff shampoo -RRB- and then let it dry . No conditioner . Some dyes have instructions telling you that you can go ahead and apply the dye after your hair is towel dried . Do n't do this . Your hair should be bone dry , otherwise application can be uneven . After you rinse it out , only use conditioner on your hair . Your hair should already be clean .4 . This is a BRIGHT color . Expect that : -RRB- 5 . I find Special Effects dye to be a lot less runny than others , say Manic Panic . This makes a huge difference when trying to keep it from getting on your counters , shoulders , clothing , skin ... I definitely recommend keeping a towel just for dyeing your hair - drape that over whatever counter space you 're using .6 . If you 're considering trying a `` safer '' boxed dye to get a stunning red , you should avoid that at all costs . You will not achieve the bright red you want , and you 'll damage your hair trying to get there . Better to bleach your own hair and then use this .7 . This bleeds a lot when you take a shower . Do n't be alarmed . When you shampoo your hair , your suds will be bright red . This will fade a little every time you take a shower - and can fade even more if your hair is hardly damaged or is very damaged . When you bleach your hair , it makes the hair porous - or , it puts holes in your hair shaft . When you dye with a vegetable dye , like this one , the dye soaks into those holes . So , if you put this on virgin hair , this dye has little to no holes to soak into , and will probably rinse out pretty quickly . If you 've bleached the heck out of your hair -LRB- like I have -RRB- , it will probably rinse out more quickly , as your hair is TOO porous and allows the dye to seep out when you wash . A lot of people who keep their hair colored with dyes like this wash their hair only a few times a week . Some of them once a week . I feel that life is too short to have dirty hair . Some people also use cold water to wash and rinse their hair , as cold water closes the hair shaft -LRB- heat opens it -RRB- and keeps the dye from leaking out as much . Again , I feel that life is too short to take cold showers . Ways to combat this
 Okay , this is my first review on here so bear with me . I have been dying my hair and shaving my head for the better part of the past eight years . Mohawks , chelseas , and other random hair experiments ; I have tried Manic Panic , and countless others that sucked so much I can not even remember their names . However , Special Effects is my go to hair dye when I want some intense long lasting hair color . Nuclear Red is my favorite shade , people have told me the color is so bright that they have a hard time looking at it in the right light . It is insanely intense , no color comes close . It is not a deep red , it is more of a bright red like fire engine red , not orange if applied properly.I recommend this brand , and hair color , to anyone that wants intense color that sticks for weeks . I have two daughters and I dyed their hair with Atomic Pink Special Effects in October and it is still pink !! Very pink ... it 's faded slightly , but everyone still comments on their pink hair , even though their roots are showing lol . Everyone asks what hair dye I use , and this is it right here . So if you 're thinking about trying it , go ahead ! If you want colorful hair , you 'll love this hair dye . Salon quality hair bleach works best ; from Sally 's Beauty supply you can get powder bleach and developer . It works a million times better than those cheap bleach kits you can find out there ... If you 're wondering what this hair dye will look like after applied to bleached hair , I uploaded a picture of my experience with the hair dye to the product images .
 I absolutely love this brand of dye and especially this color . It stays in your hair for a really long time and comes out really vibrant , without staining your skin or shower much.Of all the colors I 've tried -LRB- 10 + -RRB- , this one is my favorite ! It 's so ridiculous ! It 's not so much red as neon red/orange/pink , and it really stands out . Even if you were in a room full of people with dyed hair , you would still stand out with this color . It 's wonderful !
 I have been using Special Effects for about 10 years now and I absolutely love the quality of the product . My only negative comment is that sometimes the bottles are not completely full due to the way it is processed . Nonetheless , it is still a fantastic product ! I always recommend SE over any other brand . My next choice is Manic Panic Amplified . This is the first time I 've colored my whole head with Nuclear Red and I freakin love it ! A tip to help the color last longer ... I wash my hair with Baby Shampoo and I only do it every other day or every two days . Also I know a lot of people who pour the rest of the color they do n't use when dying their hair into their conditioner and they only use conditioner on their hair ... especially if you just bleach it . Hope this helps !
 If you 're unsure what this is going to look like in your hair I 'd suggest doing a google/bing search and pulling up a website that has pics of other people w/it in their hair . It is VERY red if you do it right . -LRB- Think Raggedy Ann & Andy -RRB- It looks fabulous , and does n't have pink-ish tones to it like Manic Panic/Punky Color . This is my first time using this brand , but I 'll use it again .
 I 've used Special Effects for 10 years and this is hands down my favorite color . It 's SO frigging vibrant , it 's like having one of those neon highlighters on my head - I love it ! Also , it does n't seem to fade as fast as others do -LRB- like Cherry Bomb -RRB- . Highly recommended !
 product was as specified . application was extremely easy . i colored only my bangs & was able to get 4 applications out of the bottle -LRB- bangs hung down below my armpit -RRB- . color was extremely VIBRANT !!! was very pleased with this product & am actually ordering another bottle of it when i finish this review .
 I freaking LOVED this color . I had hair to about my collar bone that I bleached then dyed this color . I got lots of compliments on it but a certain friend of mine called it `` clown hair . '' It does wash out rather quickly but not near as fast as manic panic does . WHen it did fade , it went to an orange , but I had some orange spots with some still red spots , this is possibly from a home bleach job not being really even . When it comes to bright colors I 've noticed that the Special Effects brand stays the longest .
 Best bright red hair dye out there . I 've used it for years and it has the longest lasting effect .
 I tried this product because I had been using the AG tanning lotions and like them very much . I was hooked after a couple of uses , my skin felt like silk , and less wrinkles too !!
 Not since my discovery of Biolage nearly 15 years ago have I found a shampoo that I ca n't live without ... well ... here it is ! My hair was pretty badly damaged during my last round of highlights as we ran bleach through the length of it -LRB- bad idea -RRB- . With this shampoo my hair has its shine , bounce and moisture back in it ! I have fine , thin hair so I really do n't even have to apply a conditioner if I do n't feel like it . I do use a cheap shampoo at my roots as I have very oily hair and the CHI does n't strip the oil away . Very good for those with drier hair , but it leaves my weighted down if I use it daily and do n't use something else for my roots . My favorite thing about this shampoo is the smell . Heavenly ! Thank you CHI for creating such a wonderfully balanced product . I love it and it will never leave my shower : -RRB-
 I have extemely long fine hair , and am some what lazy so I can wash my hair with this product and not have to use any other hair care
 It is GREAT shampoo and absolutely can not beat the Amazon price for the quantity ! I get asked all the time what shampoo I use . Also no heavy residue feeling afterward . I am African American with natural -LRB- no chemical -RRB- hair and I follow up my shampoo and conditioner with my Chi flat iron ... My hair has that `` bouncin & behavin ' '' look and feel .
 This shampoo has changed my hair completely . I have gone from thin , broken , dull , hair for 23 years to long , shiny , and beautiful hair . Everyone has commented on the change and it feels wonderful . Thank you for such a great product . Everyone should try it . Also , the shampoo smells wonderful .
 I am always searching for a great hydrating shampoo , especially as I get older . This is so far , the best I have found . Usually when I wash my hair it is torture to brush the knots out . this shampoo has helped a lot , and has made it much softer and more manageable . It does not lather well , which seems weird at first , but it works !
 This shampoo is great ! It makes my frizzy hair so much more manageable . It helps to take the frizzies away . The only tiny complaint I have about it is that I have to use a ton just to get it to lather up . I guess the ingredients are just not lather-rich , so no big deal .
 This is one of the best shampoo you can use for frizzy hair . It leaves the hair smooth and soft after wash .
 I had been searching for this shampoo for awhile and found it for a great price at Amazon . This shampoo leaves my hair manageable and the scent is awesome !
 Will always LOVE this product ! And great service from this seller makes this product worth so much more ! TOTALLY RECOMMEND ! Thanks again .
 I decided to try this shampoo after reading all the good reviews and I was n't disappointed . Moreover , this has been so far the best shampoo for my hair . I do n't even need to use conditioner after this product . My hair look so much better . I have fine hair and I am always trying to find solution to add volume to my hair . This shampoo together with Chi Silk Infusion oil gives my hair volume with natural look and very soft feeling . I wish this product was available at the drug stores .
 This product cleans without stripping my hair of vital oils . It leaves it soft and managable . It is easy to style so I can be a little arrogant if I want to be . I am complimented on the texture , shine and bounce . Thanks for making me even sexier ! I recommend this product to anyone . It can tame damaged hair as well .
 I RECEIVED THIS ITEM IN PERFECT CONDITIONS AND IN PERFECT TIMING . I AM VERY PLEASED . THIS SHAMPOO IS MY FAVORITE AND IS HARD TO FIND ON THE MARKET.THANK YOU .
 I discovered this shampoo when visiting my daughter . I caught a whiff of the delicate scent as she walked by me and was surprised that it was her shampoo and not a scented lotion or perfume . I tried it of course and besides smelling great , it cleans my hair wonderfully and gently . Also comes in like scented conditioner , hair gel , hair thickener spray -LRB- I have very thin/fine hair and this stuff really works ! -RRB- and other terrific products . Usually found in the salon products aisle . Have n't wanted to use any other brand hair product since trying this item .
 I 've received many compliments while wearing this scent . It is suitable for spring/summer . It is a masculine floral that can be worn with confidence . Women seem to like it , I enjoy it , and would have given it 5 stars except that it only lasts about 2.5 hours on me .
 I was sampling various colognes for my girlfriend , so she could pick a favorite . Unfortunately , she picked Creed Himalaya , which is rather expensive.Fortunately , I also had a sample of XS , known as the poor mans Himalaya -LRB- I prefer the term frugal -RRB- . She says she likes XS even better than Himalaya . I 'm not sure if she just said that to make me feel better about buying the cheaper XS , but either way , she approves and I get to save $ 100 .
 This was the first gift I got my husband 8 years ago . Since then , he has been wearing this perfume/fragrance every single day : -RRB- He LOVES it and so do I ! It is an excellent value here , could n't find it cheaper anywhere else , even in Europe !
 I have searched for this cologne for a long time . I decided to order it through Amazon and it arrived in a timely fashion . It still smells great , a scent that last all day and is not overpowering . It 's a fresh clean scent that smells great .
 I 've been using this brand for a long time , it smells clean ! I get a lot of compliment when I have it on . I try to avoid telling people the brand especially at work , so it 's not a union thing .
 my wife and i like XSnot too strong , not too musky , just righti like the bottle - especially the closing snapzippo lighter type top - fun to snap closed - too big to snap open with one hand like a zippo , but otherwise okalso 3 or 4 squirts just right - lasts about 6 monthsi keep a spare , and order a new one or 2 when spare gets to half fullsome companies wo n't ship this to hawaiino problem with this vendor
 my husband loves this fragrance and since it 's older , I usually have to buy it on line . Amazon offered such a great price and free shipping . Ca n't beat that . I will only buy it from here now . Love Amazon !
 Gave this as a gift and found the price to be the motivating factor in choosing amazon
 I have been using this for sometime now and not only was the price great , -LRB- it is much cheaper than duty free stores -RRB- , but the delivery was faster than promised .
 This fregrance brings back a lot of memories . I 've been using it since 1997 when I was 13 years old.It 's somehow become `` my '' scent.Very good smell , but there are better out there .
 Have used this product before and was happy with it . Service from Amazon 's source delivered as promised , am pleased with total experience.Thank you Esper Esau
 Sponge goes on top of the first section , mirror is on the bottom side and makeup lays on the very bottom . Sponge was not included . The case has been durable so far for me , the opening latch is tough enough so it wo n't break open in your bag . I used this case for my Shiseido `` The Powdery Foundation '' makeup and it fits perfectly . 3 `` x2 .8 `` x1 '' .
 This is my favorite scent . Can not find it any more in stores or larger bottles , why ?
 My husband bought this for me years ago and it is the only perfume I will wear . I like some of the newer ones but I always go back to this one when I run out . If it works for you why change it ? I love this scent .
 I really love this cover stick . What I do n't like is that it is so hard to find anywhere . I was able to buy it at my local Rite Aid , but now I only seem to be able to find it on line .
 Muy buen producto , estoy muy contenta con lo que he recibido , excelente calidad y ha llegado muy rapido . Estoy satisfecha .
 I have thin , delicate dry skin . This moisturizer fits the bill for me . It is not greasy and absorbs well . I use it under foundation and is my favorite daytime moisturizer .
 Love it . Just love it . I wish it were bigger but other than that it 's just right . Actually , I also wish the scent would stay on longer than it does .
 if you like citris , this is a fragence for you . its tangy , but not sweet . i love it after a shower . its lovely
 I 've never had a problem with painfully dry cuticles until recently . A friend had some cuticle oil at work , I tried it and it worked , but I did n't really like the oily residue that it left behind on my fingers , where you should n't really wipe it off . So when going to buy something different I went for a ` cleaner ' product.Overall I am pleased . I 've been using it daily for about a week and it has improved not just my cuticles , but the nails themselves feel healthier , the definitly look shinier when I am done.The texture , I think , is perfect . It is somewhere between a lotion and a non-sticky paste . The one I bought has appricot extract , I 'm not sure if they all do , but it is a pleasing scent.I 'd reccomend buying this
 I have historically had really dry , rough cuticles and have tried several cuticle lotions/oils to correct this . I happened upon this product and decided to try it . It has a much different texture than anything else I 've ever tried ... it is similar to a wax as it first goes on , but as you leave it a few minutes , becomes more liquidy and completely absorbs into the skin/nail after about 5-10 minutes . It made my cuticles so soft , and my nails beautiful and shiny . Some people have complained about the smell , but I really liked the smell ... plus , I think it 's meant to be used at night so you can absorb all the conditioning effect overnight . Definitely love this product and would recommend !
 I have really bad cuticles that bleed and tear which , in turn , cause me to pick at my fingers and ruin my nails . I decided to buy some cuticle cream to help keep them moisturized . I originally bought some cuticle cream of a different brand in a stick form , but this did n't last long and I ran out within a month . This cuticle cream was the second I bought . It lasted much , much longer , kept my nails just as moisturized if not more , had a pleasant smell , and was priced much more reasonably . It took awhile for me to get used to the product , but I believe that this is because the particular tub I bought was old and took some time to make malleable . Still , I love it . It really helps my fingers feel better moisturized . It comes in a nice little tub that I can keep on my nightstand or in my purse . Though the product is orange , it does n't turn my fingers orange ; it only leaves behind a nice scent of apricots and a bit of oil , which is easily wiped off . Great product and I highly recommend it .
 In the winter I struggle with dry cuticles , painful hangnails , and generally tattered fingers . I bought this cuticle massage cream because it was inexpensive and did n't seem like it would be too oily . I 've found that it works great , and really does repair my cuticles and gets rid of the hangnails . Plus , the smell is very nice.The only drawback is the texture of the cream . It 's very much a paste , not creamy at all . If I 'm not careful , the cream gets on my fingertips and can be difficult to fully remove from surfaces I touch .
 I have terrible nails along with overgrown , dried out cuticles that are impossible to maintain so I was looking at this and SolarOil , but the high price tag on the SolarOil made me walk away from it so I bought this along with the Vitamin E Cuticle Oil -LRB- which is also AWESOME -RRB- and I 'm very pleased , my cuticles look so so much better , they 're not an ugly overgrown dried out mess anymore ! Very rarely do I have to clip them or even push them back , maybe once every other week compared to once sometimes twice a week before I started using this cream.I like the texture , it 's thick at first , but it melts right into your skin in a matter of minutes , it 's not sticky , the smell is light , pleasant and disappears rather quickly , This makes it perfect for use during the day.Between using this during the day and the Vitamin E Cuticle Oil at night , my cuticles , nails and I are very happy .
 Been using it for years . I 've tried them all , this one IS the BEST . Great Seller too ! Other cuticle cream products do not measure up to this one . This one provides lasting results . Others are like a 10 minute result . Try it ; you wont regret it .
 I have always had problems with dry cuticles , and keeping up with them is a never-ending task . I 'm a big fan of cuticle oils , and they are great for use at night . However , there is nothing worse than oily fingers at work , and applying cuticle oil when you 're out and about is close to impossible.This cream really has solved that dilemma . All you do is scoop a little bit out onto your finger -LRB- like you would do with lip balm -RRB- and massage it into your cuticles . I take it a step further and rub it into my nails as well , basically covering the top portion of my finger from the cuticle to the end of my nail . I have found that it actually prevents hang nails , too . I also really like the scent . It is very , very faint , but with the apricot oil , there is just a hint of fruit . Very pleasant , in my opinion . Since you wo n't smell it unless your nose is in the tub or your fingers are in your face , it wo n't clash with perfume or lotion.There is no oily residue on the tip of the fingers . As you massage the oil into your cuticle , the cream absorbs into the skin much like lotion does . It also does n't come off easily after washing your hands . I generally do n't feel like I need to reapply until there have been 3 + washes.If you have very long nails , you will probably get some of the cream underneath the tips when you scoop it out for application . However , with as smooth as the cream is , I 'm sure it would be easy to remove . My nails extend just past the tips of my fingers , and it has never come off under them.The beauty of this cream is that a little bit goes a long way . One little thing of this will last for a while ! When you consider this , you really ca n't beat the price.It is the perfect product to take with you anywhere . Its size makes it perfect to throw in your purse , and its consistency wo n't get in the way of anything you 're doing during the day.Love it . Absolutely love it .
 I feel like the cuticle product works pretty well . It works better than hand lotion alone . I use it before bed at night and the next day my cuticles and nails look healthier and more moisturized . I 'm not a fan of the little tub because I always get the product stuck under my nail as I put my finger in to scoop the cream out . I like the thickness of the cream and it gets softer as I rub it into my nails . Definitely a good product for the price .
 Since Shu Uemura does not make refill pads for their eyelash curlers I bought these hoping that the other reviewers were right in saying that they would work ... and they do . They fit perfectly in my Shu curler and the curler works like new . Between the price of the refills and the shipping , however , you could buy a whole new curler at the drug store -LRB- or part of a Shu Uemura -RRB- .
 I bought this refill to use with my Shu Uemura eyelash curler and it works great !
 Love this curler and love the fact that I can buy just the refills ! Arrived VERY quick .
 I was worried that refill would n't match my old Shiseido eyelash curler , but it fits great . It came with two refills in a package . I wish I knew that before hand so I would n't have ordered extra . Fast shipping .
 This eyelash curler is the best I have ever used but it is difficult to find it anymore much less the little rubber refills . I had very fast delivery and the product was as described by seller . I highly recommend this seller .
 This is one of the few shampoos that I have found which does not irritate my skin .
 I 've tried several top coats , including ` quick dry ' ones , and this top coat dries faster and lasts longer than the others I 've tried . That being said , I always allow for extra time drying , just because with almost any nail polish , it takes several hours to truly cure a nail polish . As a painter , I paint small-scale , hand-painted pieces all the time , that I have to spray with a clear coat , and really , this process takes 24 hours and even though the same ca n't exactly be said for nail polish , there are some similarities.I 'm never used this as a base coat , but I 'm tempted to try it . I 've done all kinds of wild , crazy designs on my nails -LRB- rather thickly , I might add -RRB- and they were able to dry , and once I coated them with this clear coat , they often lasted an unprecedented amount of time , sometimes weeks . Usually , my nail polish chips literally within hours of applying it , since I am a stay-at-home mom with no dishwasher and I wash everything by hand and I also use my hands quite a bit because I am a painter and I also paint -LRB- which is very bad for nail polish -RRB- . XOXO
 Well , I think my title sums it up , pretty much . As a base coat , my OPI color polish adheres very well to it after I 've let it dry a few minutes . I ca n't use the Double Duty as a top coat though ... . I wait until my thin layer of OPI color is solidly dry , then apply the Double Duty as a top coat , as thin as I can . I gave it ample time to dry afterwards , even sticking my hands in front of a fan in the hopes they 'd dry faster when I realized that this , as a top coat , is quite gummy . Nearly an hour later , I had to dress and dash out the door to class . When I got to class , I saw a `` gummy '' gouge in my polish , along with a good-sized chip on the tips on two nails.I do n't have this problem when I do n't use Double Duty as a top coat . So , as a base , it 's great . Double duty , though ? Not so much.I purchased this item locally .
 Sally Hansen makes the best products for nails . This product was received before EDD and I use it twice a week , so I will be ordering again !
 I hate pills so I 'm always on the hunt for quality liquid vitamins . Bought this from a local health food store and really pleased with the quality and results . My hair has always been thin and fragile but recently became totally unmanageable and started thinning out pretty badly . After two months of taking this high potency vitamin with 2000 mcg of biotin , 500 mcg or MSM , 100 mcg of Aloe Vera , and other great supplements my hair is growing and full again . I just ran out and will definately purchase again hoping for even better results as my system never gets upset even when I take it on an empty stomach . No way I could do this with pills because I would become seriously ill . Oh , and never had problems with my nails but they are so long and strong I have to cut them on a regular basis to keep them in check . The liquid is orange color and does not taste too bad and can be mixed with juice per directions . Highly recommend this vitamin because it has worked well for me so far .
 I ordered this shampoo from Amazon which I usually get from my salon , but here it was way cheaper and you get much more for your money !! I use it daily w/o any drying etc.to my hair or scalp so I highly recommend it for this kind of use.I have fine hair and after washing and drying it I look like I have more hair with lots of volume.I also use the root pump plus and the hairspray after and it holds beautifully all day.I 'm very happy with this product , and as long as Amazon has it in the quantity and price listed I will order it from them.Thank you !! LOVE THESE HAIR PRODUCTS !!!!!! C.B.
 I have fine , mostly straight hair . I 've been growing it out for a year and the disadvantage is that fine hair does n't really have a lot of volume . Using this shampoo -LRB- with the same brand conditioner -RRB- increased the volume of my hair significantly . I recommend it .
 When we received the product , The box was wet on one end . further inspection found that the bottle had a strip of tape across the top , one third of the product was gone . We didn ' t know where to return it so we marked it up as a bad deal . We e-mailed the address on the package , and got no responce.John McGlamery
 This product does what it promises to do . YOur hair gets clean and feels good . It adds lots of volume .
 It is a shampoo I have used for a long time . It is a good value.Big Sexy Hair Volume shampoo .
 I have used this product for years . I have natural curly/wavey hair and the extra big volume shampoo puts the volume in my hair that I need to hold it . I have to have the &#34; extra &#34; big volume &#34; shampoo for it to work .
 I love this shampoo . It gives my hair body and a natural shine . It is thick and luxurious . The lather is light , and washes out easily . I would recommend this wonderful shampoo to anyone who likes to have great hair .
 This is a great product . I use it daily . It gives my hair lots of lift and body.I highly recommend this product .
 cant beat the price , one small bottle is the price of this extra large bottle , and besides the shampoo is great
 Love this shampoo and would definitely recommend it to others . It is much more economical to buy it through this seller than the local salon . Fast delivery too !
 I used this when visiting my cousin , and loved it . I could n't locate the larger bottle in my area . Online purchase gave me a great price option too !
 I have seriously thin hair but with this shampoo and gel , my hair looks normal -LRB- which for me is super big hair ... -RRB- . If you have trouble with gluten or wheat though beware because this product uses wheat germ : -RRB-
 I love this shampoo and routinely buy it on amazon . it 's wonderful for my hair ! : -RRB-
 This shampoo gives my hair a fullness and bounce without drying it out . This huge bottle lasts a long time as you only need to use a small amount . I always find it with the super saver shipper .
 This is a wonder hair product . I 've used it for years . Amazon offers a great price for it . Going forward , I will never order anything from Amazon . When I placed this order it was for free shipping , but when checking out I was charged for shipping . I called immediately and was told I could not be refunded for the shipping charged , nor could not cancel the order .
 I am very upset that Revlon stopped making this product but was thrilled to see it on Amazon.This is a make up that they designed for older women . It is n't heavy and the blush does n't make you look like a clown.Great product , only wish Revlon would have kept it.I am stocking up and keeping it in a cool dark place so it does n't go bad before I can use it up .
 Thank goodness for Amazon ! I loved the products from Vital Radiance . This blush looks so natural especially on an `` older '' complexion . I could not find a replacement when they stopped selling this in the stores ! I am so glad I was able to find it again !
 I was afraid I would never find this product again ! When I realized the line was being discontinued , I purchased all of them that were still on the shelf . This is EXACTLY what I had before !! It is a great color for a more mature complexion !
 but they always break up totally . my last 3 did , must be old . i still use it even all crumbled in container ,
 I 've used this product for several years , and really like it . I 'm 71 , and have a very fair complexion . This great bronzing powder gives me a healthy glow . I love it ! Revlon stopped making it , and I 'm very glad to be able to buy it through amazon . I highly recommend this product .
 As a police officer my hair takes a bit of a beating with heat , weather , sweat , et cetera . This stuff is simply the best out there.I 've stood in rainstorms directing traffic and got back into my vehicle with no problems . It does n't break down over the course of a day and does n't start flaking like a lot of others which results making me look like I have some terrible dandruff.If it gets wet again , touching my hair does n't leave my hands feeling sticky . I have a habit of running my hands over , or resting my hands on , my head and this stuff holds up to that as well.I also like that I can control it fairly well . If I do n't want a bunch of spikes I simply dry my hair a little more before putting it on.Now , if only I could find it somewhere other than Ulta so I do n't catch so much flak from the guys at work ... or my girlfriend for that matter .
 All of my local stores -LRB- in Las Vegas -RRB- have stopped selling this kind of gel for some reason . I think it 's wonderful -LRB- and I 'm glad to have it fairly priced online . -RRB- The gel keeps your hair in place thru the day , but does n't keep it real hard . -LRB- Which I like . -RRB- It 's also easy to wash off your hands after applying it to your hair .
 This is one of the best gels for people who want a gel that will keep their hair up and not move .
 Great for quick styling . Just a little sticky but still works well on dry or moist hair .
 This product is great . It 's all my boyfreind uses , no really ! Its keeps a great hold on his hair ALL day without the white mess .
 I have used this for years ! Holds best in all weather . The kids are hooked as well . Two Teenage girls think it 's the best as well . This product is just short of glue but washes out very easily . Better yet as the day goes by and I do n't want the wet look anymore I just rub my fingers through my hair and it 's the dry look and still keeps it 's shape .
 Great gel . My first time using it . Decided to purchase it since my barber raved about it . Definitely am happy with the gel . My hair stays styled for the entire day and it does n't leave flakes at all . Also , it smells good . Highly recommend .
 Great for short hair style 's . I 'm a hairdresser and it 's what I recommend to all my guy 's that want that wet look and smell 's great too .
 My hair is short and extremely thick and fixing my hair has always been very difficult . Most products do n't come close to holding it in place . There was only one product that worked , but when it went off the market I had to find a new one . I stumbled upon this one and found it to be far superior to the previous gel.When your hair is positioned the way you want it with this gel , it 's not going anywhere . You could stand outside in a hurricane and your hair would remain stationary , erect and defiant .
 I have similar experiences to other reviewers . I have asian hair and require a gel with the strongest hold . I tried hundreds of products and found American Crew which was the best but still left flakes in my hair as it dried out . Then I found this product and it 's 10x better . It has the strongest hold even through rain , wind or after a really sweaty workout . When it dries , it does n't flake . It does n't leave my hand ultra sticky upon application and it smells really good .
 I have been using this gel for the past 3 years and it is awesome ! It holds extremely strong and it does not flake at all even when you wake up the next morning . Plus if you do n't toss and turn you can wake up and your hair still has not moved which saves you money which you can use towards gas ! Wow !!!!!
 With thin , wispy , short hair , I have wasted a lot of money on hair products.Hard Up gel works better than anything else I 've tried . It 's not sticky and does n't make your head feel itchy . Your hair does n't blow around , but it 's not stiff like a helmet , either . Rub a little on your hands , rub it through your hair , and you get body and style that lasts . Problem solved!I 'm also ordering a small tube for travel .
 I have used this Gel for years . I highly recommend it . I had switched from American Crew to this , and this one holds up much better , especially for the long haul . Use it with wet hair to get and keep the wet look , or use it on dry hair to avoid the wet look . The pump size is the best deal for the money , and the pump works pretty well till the very end .
 I like to have a wet look gel that does not lose it stiffness after a few hours . This stuff will stay rock solid all day ! The only drawback is that it is a little difficult to wash out . It is nice to have a deep cleansing shampoo for this .
 I started using this about two plus years ago due to high customer reviews it got on Amazon . I have not been dissatisfied with the get itself . Very little to no smell , no flaking , and it has a great hold . It is also a great value since I probably go through a 16.9 ounce bottle every six months instead of two-three weeks for regular sized gels at the grocery store . I would normally give this product a perfect 5 star rating but only gave it 4 stars because of the container itself . Previous containers had a twist off top where the whole top of the container opens up not just the pump section . Great especially if you want to get the last drops of gel before you discard the bottle . But with the last bottle I got one where the bottle only opens through the pump portion . Definitely harder to access the last few drops . So I ca n't really stretch it out for that last month . I would definitely mark this as a mild concern but the fact the pump broke and I ca n't use the previous old pumps I keep for this purpose -LRB- I break things , it is my nature -RRB- kinds of annoys me . I would still recommend this product . Hopefully next order it returns to the original container .
 I have used many hair gels in my time , always being somewhat of the `` dirty spiky guy '' . This one holds best by far , especially through humidity and duing the extent of the day . Some gels were good overall like the American Crew Stiff Hold , but through a long day , this is the Gel to use for continued hold .
 Only takes a nickel size portion to spike my full head of hair . It even stays when I sweat or if I wear a hat . Does not dry your scalp out like other products .
 I have used dozens of hair products - gels , mousses , sprays , pomades , you name it - and Short Sexy Hair/Hard Up Gel is by far the best . It 's a little pricey , but believe me , you get what you pay for . The 16.9 oz bottle lasts me the better part of year because I can use it more sparingly than other gels . And the hold is ridiculous . It will keep your style perfectly in tact for the entire day -LRB- and night -RRB- . You can even wet your hair and re-style it without another application . Do yourself a favor and give it a try .
 This is by far the best hair gel ive ever used . Been using it for years now . . I used to date a hair stylist and she would always bring home different hair gels for me to try out . . and this one was def . the best out of them all . It holds all day long with no problem , will work great with all different thicknesses of hair . People always ask me what kind of gel i use to keep my hair so spikey all day long and i tell them all about this gel haha .
 This gel works like no other . It gives the best hold , shine and value for your money . If you think the price is high as opposed to relative hair styling products out there , just remember a small squirt of this stuff goes along way . On average I use a 16.9 oz bottle in a period of almost six months . You wont find this product for any cheaper any where else , so dont think about it to much and just become a subscriber . Great stuff !!!
 This is as far the best hair gelI have tried ... I have tried many of them & they always leave your hair with white flakes . This gel will not do that & it is strong .
 This works great on short , thin hair . Have used this for about 3 years . I would recommend to anyone that wants a spikey look on short hair . I have used other water based gels and this beats them hands down .
 This is the only gel I 've been able to find that holds really , really well.If applied lightly and rubbed between your hands to make it more of a pomade texture than a gel it goes on pretty light without being wet looking on your hair all day.I can even get in a nap and not have to re-do the hair!Does OK getting wet when it rains ; as long as it 's not soaked it will dry again and hold the style.Doesn ' t have too much of a smell , unlike most , and the smell goes away once it dries.Washes out really easily and cleanly.Overall , best gel on the market . Wish I could find an organic/natural gel that works this well ; this is about the last thing in my medicine cabinet full of gnarly chemicals . But when it comes to hair , sometimes you have to sacrifice I suppose ...
 My hair cut lady uses this it works great . Great price for the amount of product . It is twice as much at the local store
 My husband loves this product because it holds the hair in place and also it does n't make any flakes great price for the bargain .
 Been using Crew for years but found it wears out by the end of the day . It just takes a little bit to hold my hair in place nearly the entire day .
 I like this product a lot because I can shape my hair to spikes and it stays put , it does n't leave any white or dirty looking flakes on your hair like most hair gels do . the only thing is I do n't like feeling my hair once I have put it on , it feels like a porcupine died up there . And the gel itself is very gooey on your hands , so no , you ca n't just wipe it off on your clothes when you 're done with your hair .
 I received the gel in no time , the package was good and it works just fine as advertised . I recommend buying it . If it was n't for the price I would give 5 stars .
 The Hard Up gel is amazing . It 's the only gel I will use . I 've been wearing my hair kind of spiky and with this gel , I could be in a hurricane and my hair would n't move . Another big plus is it smells good enough to eat ! :-RRB- I have had people think I 'm am wearing perfume . You ca n't go wrong with the Hard Up gel .
 I purchased this for my husband . He has tried this brand in the past and liked it . He likes this as well , and it is a great amount of product that will last him a very long time . My only complaint on this product is that if it drips onto the sink/counter , it can harden into a rubbery substance that is hard to clean up .
 I have used this product for the last 2 years and get so many compliments on my hair style . So many people have asked what product I use and several have asked for the name of my stylist . If your pump clogs just run warm water in your sink and let it soak for several hours . Clears it right up . I have ordered from Amazon the last two orders and only wish I had known to order from the start . Fast ship and the BEST price .
 I used all types of gel the cheap ones the really expensive ones . None are as god as the Short sexy Hair Gel . It smells great and is easy to use . It retains the firmness and no flakes . Depending on how much you sue it can tend to be heavy . Best of all the gel is easy to remove at the end of the day with both cold or warm water . It is slightly expensive as compared to other gels but it is definitely worth it because it has superior quality no matter how you use it .
 I have been paying $ 32 a bottle here in Boise for the same product ! I am mad I did n't think about this before and will be buying from them again ! Thank you !!!
 I wear my hair short and spikey and have been using Short Sexy Hair Hard Up Gel for several years now . I tried numerous other products , all of which I did not like for one reason or another but mainly because the majority of them made my hair feel dirty and/or greasy . Then I found Short Sexy Hair Hard Up Gel and have used it ever since ! You can use it on wet or dry hair and it works great for short spikey hair ! Just a little goes a long way . It puts a bit of shine to your hair , keeps it in place and is not hard and stiff like some other products . The best part is that it rinses right out and leaves no residue ! I LOVE THIS STUFF !
 This is great stuff - no flaking , great hold , and it even smells good . Definitely a step up from what you can find at a supermarket or drug store .
 holds great and all day and my hair still looks natural , first i was worried it wouldnt work well since it wasnt a spray but somehow i just do a few drops in various spots and it works out perfect , this bottle is probably going to last me an entire year ... excellent investment
 My boyfriend loves this hair gel , but the salon he bought it from cost around $ 15 for the smaller version of this . So I look it up on Amazon and found it with better price and bigger product . The down side is that when the gel reaches the bottom , the pump is too short to dispense the it ... what my bf did was just leave it upside down . All in all , this is a great gel , it smells good , and it holds his hair no problem for 8 + hrs . Will repurchase for sure : -RRB-
 You could go to a salon and get a tiny tube of this stuff for $ 18 . OR you could buy it through Amazon and get a nice big tub of it that will last you for months at about the same price . I have very thick unmanageable hair , so I need a really strong gel . This stuff works . Sure , my hair is a bit stiff , but it 's better than frizzy ` fro head .
 Okay , kind of weird to review hair gel , but it is the best stuff I 've used . A hairdresser put it in my hair probably 6 or 7 years ago and I 've been buying it ever since . Expensive as hell , but at least twice I 've tried switching to regular store-bought gel to save money , and I always came back . The off-the-shelf brands made my hair greasy without giving much stiffness . This stuff gives you the stiffness you need without too much of the greasy look -LRB- make sure your hair is not too wet or it will -RRB- and without making your hair clump together . I like it .
 Been using over a decade now and no reason to look elsewhere for better when there is n't any . Gives a strong hold without the flaky , strong perfume odor of others .
 The gel is great . It 's very firm hold , and it 's a little too thick to apply on dry hair . But you can style damp dry hair with this gel very easily . If the hair is dry , I 'd take a small portion -LRB- less than one full push of the pump -RRB- and dilute with a few drops of water in your palm before applying to the hair.NOTE
 I picked this stuff up by chance a couple years ago and have used it ever since . Ive tried the cheap Fructis products and the more expensive JCrew pomades , Redken etc. . I never could find something that worked . In addition to other gels , I found myself using hairspray with them . The HardUp gel by ShortSexyHair eliminates the need for multiple applications or hairspray and still leaves your hair looking the way you left it in the morning . I will never use another product . Oftentimes its hit or miss finding it at Walmart or CVS , so I checked Amazon and ill be purchasing through them for the nice price .
 I 've been searching for the right product since I was a young kid and finally I found this stuff ! I 've been a happy user for several years now and I must say that this is the best product I have ever used . It will never flake on you . It also holds its figure without being overwhelmingly stiff like most gels . This gel is similar to the axe products that are out right now but better because it gives better structure . It does have a light fragrance as well and not of the generic ` gel smell ' that most products have . The pump is extremely convenient and the best deal possible . I highly recommend this product .
 I have been using this product ever since I changed my hair to a spiky style several years ago . No other gels would work despite their claim . I highly recommend this product if your hair is difficult to style like mine .
 I 've used this stuff for years . I have short fine , STRAIGHT hair and require a firm holding gel to keep the style in place . This is the only product that works for me . It does n't leave my hair hard and crusty , I would guess you 're using too much if that 's the case . I use a pea size amount and it holds . I 've tried other products and bought several store brands , I should have saved my money and just bought this stuff .
 I have been trying different brands of gels for years , and I stumbled across this Gel at a CosmoProf and I never will go back to other brands , I love how it keeps your hair in place and it never comes loose , I recommend this to everyone , but one thing I noticed is some of the bottles I get are not completely filled to the top , just kinda wondering if I got some bad batches of the gel that were not filled all the way up .
 I used to own `` L.A. Looks Gel # 10 Mega X-treme Hold '' , and this flakes after 3-5 hours once you put it on . Well it was ok because it only costs a dollar a Walmart and grocery stores . So after this problem with flaking , I decided to find a new gel , one that does n't flake . I searched for gel on amazon and found this one . Once I tried it , it does n't flake at all . It stays hard the whole day . I find it weird that one person says he sleeps with it on and keeps it for the next day -LRB- that must mean he does n't take a shower -RRB- ; this may be weird but it is true that it can last over a day and remain hard . The dispenser is kind of like a soap , and I do n't like it because the gel is very viscous and hard to push out of the dispenser , but it 's ok since you do n't need to add much to your hard for it stay hard . The price , I think , is very expensive ; but if you do n't want your hair to flake -LRB- which I thought was just dust landing on my hair until a friend told me the gel was flaking -RRB- , then get this Shorty Sexy Hair Gel . I must admit , the brand name of this product made it seem like this was a fake product ; luckily the reviews convinced me otherwise .
 I recently bought two bottles of hard up only because i know you ca n't find it in stores very often and when you do its usually double the price from what you see here . I highly recommend buying this product because it works with all types of hair , dry or wet and you do n't have to use half the bottle just to achieve the right look your looking for .
 I have been using this product for over 10 years . Perfect for when you have a long day and your hair needs to stay up . Its one of the only hair gels that does n't give off an odor when applied to your hair , that I 've found . Short Sexy Hair 's Hard Up Gel is the only hair gel I will ever use again .
 The name says it all , Short Sexy Hair -LRB- Hard Up -RRB- . Sexy Hair products are the best you can buy . They 're pretty pricey but so worth it . I 've used so many different gels over the years & nothing would work . My hair is so thick & heavy nothing but those POS glue gels would hold it up . & they flake & hurt to take out cuz you have to brush it out in the shower.Thought theres no hope for me.Then one day I go to get a hair cut & the lady ask me `` do I want her to do my hair '' , usually I say no & go home & do it but that day I said yes . She brings over this incredible gel that I 've never seen before & puts it in my hair & magic happened . I fell in love that minute -LRB- with the gel -RRB- . So she asked `` would you like to buy some ? '' & I was like for sure . Then that 's when I got shocked cuz a lil 15 oz bottle was $ 18 . I still bought it but was disappointed it was so much . Then I found this pump on here for a few dollars more but twice as much as that lil bottle . Was soo stoked . Then after a few purchases it was out of stock & I was bummed.So then I went to my local hair supply shop & they had the lil bottles & a huge 56 + oz bottle , that big bottle was $ 55 dollars & I bought the last 2 they had . It lasted forever . Then when I finally ran out , like a year , lil over a year later -LRB- cuz I do mine & my 2 sons hair -RRB- I went back & they did n't have anymore left , I was bummed once again.So I came back to old faithful Amazon & lord be hold it was here again . Soo happy . This gel is hands down the best . You get what you pay for.Now that I solved my hair gel problem I had to find a good hair spray . I 've always used Aussie Instant Freeze & it holds good but I wanted something more . I 've been using my girls Big Sexy Hair -LRB- Spray & Play Harder -RRB- hair spray as of late & it works ok but wanted something stronger . Let me add this gel is so good you do n't really need hair spray but my hair is so heavy I need that extra stiffness to get me thru the day.Well anyway , one day I walk into my hair supply store to get some blue/black hair dye & I see this hair spray that just was standing out , yes it was a Big Sexy Hair product too but one I 've never seen or heard of called Spray & Stay , & it has a lil badge on it that says `` All Nighter Hair Spray '' so I had to try & you know what ?! The 2 best hair products alive . This gel & that hair spray are ridiculous.My hair game is soo sick now , ppl always ask me `` what I use to get my hair so dope & keep it that way '' & I say `` I start off with Short Sexy Hair -LRB- Hard Up Gel -RRB- & finish with Big Sexy Hair -LRB- Spray & Stay Hair Spray -RRB- '' works magic & holds like a champ.I could go to sleep wake up & my hair still looks like it did the day before & if I 'm lazy I 'll take a shower , skip washing my hair & be ready for the day & wash it out later . I could go 3 days if I wanted to but thats nasty.But all that said , you ca n't go wrong with this cuz it 's the best & if you want to finish it off with the best hair spray get you some Big Sexy Hair -LRB- Spray & Stay -RRB- hair spray , it 's kinda hard to find . Like no store has it I think only hair supply stores do , if you 're lucky.Sorry for the long story but had to share my experience that got me to find this wonderful product !
 This hair gel always comes through . It has a super strong hold and does n't break down or get greasy like cheaper gels do . Been using it for years . It 's worth the cost .
 I have been using this for a long time now.A little goes a long way.Holds well , without making hair stiff/crispy . Somewhat flexible.Not sticky in hair.Easily washes off hands & out of hair.Good price in this size , here on Amazon , especially compared to salons.I PREFER THE SQUEEZE TUBES , but they do not come in this size . I 'd give 5 stars if it did.The pump does not get all of the gel out when it 's low and worst of all the gel dries in the pump tip and then squirts out really hard and far in some random direction when you pump it , unless you dig out the tip .
 I have been using this gel since I was in High School . It is the best gel for keeping your hair in place all day long . It hardens , but does n't look bad . Excellent product .
 I stumbled across this on sale at Marshalls several years ago and picked it up on an impulse . I have flat hair that dies with any humidity . I have generally had great results with Aveda products but do n't like the cost of Aveda and have been looking to replace it.I never realized how many blue hair goo products exist on the market and they all look the same but they are n't . I have used `` Bed Head '' and `` Got 2b '' but with very different results . Where Short Sexy Hair is a hard lasting hold , the other products do n't hold well at all and leave my hair flat and dirty looking.When I purchased it before , it was in a tube and did tend to `` clump '' up so I probably will heed the other reviews ' warning of the pump getting clogged and opt for a tube again . -LSB- NCJAR -RSB-
 Excellent . Hair stays in place all day . Highly recommend this product . I have used this product for last three years .
 Awesome !! My son has thick hair and this is the only stuff that work . He can now sport is Fo-hawk all day long ...
 I bought this gel for my sons and they love it . My daughter will also use it when she needs to keep her hair back for dancing and it holds all day long .
 I 've been purchasing this gel for quite some time to use on both my husband and sons hair . It works great and holds their very rebellious hair . My 11 year old whose constantly changing his hair from spikey to mohawk loves it because it hold his hair in place all day long . When I mean all day I 'm talking till he jumps in the shower and washes it off . This huge bottle is hard to find at retail stores and if you do they are often very expensive . I 'm so happy to be able to find it here on Amazon for so much less . This bottle is going to easily last them a good couple of months . A pea size is enough to give you the hold you want . Love it and highly recommend it .
 The gel holds strong and doesnt feel too bad . Use a little for help or a lot to stick . This is a really great product for short hair , a must .
 a little goes a long way . i made the mistake of using 2 pumps on my slicked back hair and i COULD NOT break my hair out of its slicked back state . Take your hands and rake it sideways to no avail . Rain/wind has no effect . I didnt know stuff like this existed and I am so excited to find it !
 As I was looking for a replacement gel for my American Crew Firm Hold -LRB- my gold standard so far -RRB- , I came across something mildly curious -- a funny sounding gel with absurdly good reviews . People were raving about this product like it 's the best thing since sliced bread . I ordered two 16.9 oz bottles to see what the excitement was about , expecting a major disappointment . I had very , - very - high expectations for this gel -LRB- given the price -RRB- and , needless to say , it has shattered all of them.This is by far the best gel I have ever used.PROS :1 -RRB- Holy JESUS . The bottle states `` hard up '' and they 're not exaggerating ! My hair is thick and wavy and this stuff works great . I am a critical care RN and even with getting in and out of isolation gowns -LRB- for infectious disease -RRB- my hair still stands straight up .2 -RRB- Amazon has it for subscribe n save in large amounts ! Make sure you order the 16.9 oz pump bottle using subscribe n save -LRB- then cancel if you do n't need a large bottle every 6 mo = -RSB- 3 -RRB- If used right after shower , hairy remains shiny for MANY hours after shower has ended ! It makes you resemble `` just out of shower '' look.CONS :1 -RRB- Expensive , but see neutral portion for details .2 -RRB- Sticky on hands ! Must wash immediately ! 3 -RRB- Blue color ? 4 -RRB- POSSIBLE clogging of the pump bottle -LRB- see neutral -RRB- 5 -RRB- Breakage of the bottle ; **** LONG TERM EDIT **** The other Amazon reviewer is true.Beware of Pump Clogs and Breakage - Great products and works for me as advertised but pump is highly vulnerable to clogging and if force is used to pump ; crack , break , shatter , cut you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Indeed , I did cut myself just doing this . It seems to happen a lot more on cold bay area weather . Be very careful.NEUTRAL :1 -RRB- Expensive ? Certainly , Amazon 's price fluctuates between $ 20 and $ 25 . The price is high , but a little goes a LONG way . My rule of thumb is one full press on the nozzle gives me enough for my medium length hair .2 -RRB- Clogging - mine has n't clogged yet , but I can see it happening . What gel does n't clog though ? My American Crew Gel certainly did : -RRB-
 Good stuff ; does not turn flaky as day goes on . I have poker straight hair and this stuff keeps it in place all day .
 No other gel works for my manly hair as well as this gel . It holds all day and I even woke up the next day with hair still in place . Be a man and get hard up with this .
 I have used this for sometime . To have found it in a large size , available w / pre-ordered shipping-it is WONDERFUL !!! It lasts for all day and you do n't need to use much at all !!
 i purchase this gel for my husband . Its the only gel that he can use that wont flake or dry out his scalp . As well its long lasting which is 1 of his favorite things . He has been using this product for over 10 yrs . We highly recommend anyone to use it . Yes the price is a bit on the high end but definitely worth every penny . I only purchase gel every 1-1 1/2 yrs , so it definitely last long as well .
 Three times cheaper than buying the product in a salon . Product works great , lasts all day .
 Finally , I was able to find a gel that would n't flake and one that would withstand hurricane like weather . Great product ...
 My husband loves this product . It does not cause white flakes or leave a visible residue . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I have been using hair gels for the past 20 years and I have gone thru countless stores to try to find the perfect gel . My hair is straight and thick , after my hair is washed and dried it looks like a Chia pet head , thick and soft . The gels that I would buy would sometimes not last long enough thru the day or be that strong holding , and sometimes I have to use so much as to make my hair look like I dipped it in a barrel of oil . With this gel I only need to use a nickle sized amount and my hair stays and looks good for about 15 hrs . This product also does not flake , like some other ones . . trust me you will not regret using this .
 This does n't Flake nor give you that itchy feeling . Holds up really well after hours.I have thick , curly hair , and usually 9/10 gel products never last or eventually flake -LRB- making it look like I have dandruff -RRB- . I love this brand & it smells great!Expensive to some extent , but definitely you get your money 's worth .
 Probably the best gel I have ever had . The gel is easy to use , apply and add some water and you get a nice look . Like the label says , for short hair , I do n't know how well it works for long hair , but seriously if you have long hair , use mousse or a different product .
 This is a really good hair product for those with short hair . It holds up your hair just the way you want it to be . My hair does n't do good with those regular gels but this one surely does ! If you want your hair style last long , try this . But one thing you should know it really gets `` Hard Up '' like its name when it 's dry .
 If you have short hair and do n't want 1 strand to move this is the stuff . Excellent product that is easy to wash out and works like concrete . Best product I 've ever used for spiking .
 Been using this gel for 4-5 years . Have tried all types but never have found a gel that has great hold like this and just doesnt flake even when it dries out . not cheap , but none of it really is - and i havent found another that doesnt flake even when the container says so !
 This stuff is expensive versus the $ 2 kmart crap , but it 's worth every penny . I can go 3 days with the same gel with just some touchups in the morning or before going out . i always get 2 solid days out of it and started washing my hair every other day to keep the same look . i 'm a guy with short hair - i get a number 2 buzz on the sides and finger tip cut on the top so it 's not like i 'm a hippie with dirty dreads - and get months out of one of these tubs and it 's in my hair every day.i recently left half a tub @ a friend 's house a few hours away and now he refuses to give it back cause he likes it so much ! am buying my 3rd tub so far and my first purchase was in february and lasted until early july .
 Guys , all of you that use gel in your hair , this is the stuff to get . I have used a million different hair gels in my nearly 40 years and this stuff is thee best . Bar none . I was first introduced to it at a hair salon . I thought it was pricey for hair gel , but over time I loved how it set my hair . I was happy to see Amazon had a large pump bottle size that sits nicely on my sink . Love this stuff .
 I have tried many different gel 's and this one is the best . Went hunting around for better prices on it and wow , what a great price for the nearly 17oz of gel . The shipping , packaging and delivery were acceptably adequate . Very happy with the product .
 I have used this gel for the past 5 years and it is great for short styles . my hair is generally 1/2 to 2 inches long and is quite thick , and this is the exact product I 've wanted . I have tried many other products over the years , even recently trying to save money or to try something different
 This gel is awesome . It is very strong and no breeze or wind is going to mess up your hair . It is also plentiful ; mines lasted me 6 months . I even enrolled in the automatic buying program and it took $ 5 off . Then I canceled it . Great deal !
 This is a wonderful product for you hair . I have short hair that I spike the front up on and unfortunately I have hair that likes to lay down , so I need a powerful product . This product does the trick with just a small amount ! I would recommend this product to anybody , male or female .
 fast delivery , good product . I would buy from seller again . Cheaper to buy bulk , than in hair salons . Been using this product for years , in fact it 's the only thing I use .
 This is a great product if you have short hair and really want to spike it up ! Humid climates and rain do not matter as my hair stays looking great . It is best to use a clarifying shampoo as that will remove all residue . Overall a great product . I get a lot of rave reviews .
 This is the best hair gel ever ! This goes in dry hair . This goes in wet hair . I have normal length office friendly hair length and this gives it a ton of style . It hold all day long even in hot and sweaty heat , and you only need 1 , maybe 11/2 squirts each time . I will be buying only this gel from now on !
 Everything it said it was . The same stuff that you pay twice asMuch for in the store . I bought two so I could get the free shipping . All in all I will buy again when I run low cause I use this daily
 Awesome product but hard to find in stores . Especially the large size . I can wear my motorcycle helmet n it stays fixed !
 I mainly and have been buying this product for my now , 20yr old son . He 's been using this since high school and according to him , IS the best , `` nicely firm '' , type gel around . Sooo I 'm gon na take his word for it . :-RRB- Again , this short review is based on what my son tells me . He definitely loves it .
 This is easily hands-down the best gel I 've ever used . Strong reliable lasting hold , little to no flakes , and no streaks . It 's pricey in stores -- which makes this deal all the sweeter ! Highly recommend it to anyone !
 I have been using this gel for years now . I would n't trade it for any other . It has superior hold without leaving dandruff and usage amount is minimal .
 This is the best gel out there . I have short spikey hair and my hair stays in place all day and all night .
 This is a great product . One pump or even a little less works all day . You can even sleep overnight , and the gel is still holding . I do n't think a tornado could move the hold you get . The gel is not sticky and easy to use . Good price for the quantity . This is a great deal . I would definitely purchase again .
 It keeps up with you all day and washes out good . No other gel comes close . Been using it for years .
 I have kinky frizzy hair . I have tried everything from relaxers to straightening irons to manage it . For me having a good hair day is few and far between . I do n't know how a bottle of `` short sexy hair '' got into my medicine cabinet , but I tried it and have been having great hair days ever since . It 's the only product that can manage my hair and not feel itchy . I even go to bed with it in my hair and wake up with near perfect hair . I just add a dab in the morning for touch-up . This stuff works so great it saved me from shaving my head from frustration . I 'm also getting a lot of complements on how good my hair looks . I never got that before .
 I 've been using this product for over 5 years now and absolutely love it . I use it after I straighten my hair and works great all day ! I would highly recommend !
 This is a great product . As for all of this stuff it is expensive and this seems to be the best way to get a good deal on it .
 I was turned on to this stuff at the barber shop . Have been using it ever since . Amazing stuff . Holds hair in place an looks totally natural . A little goes a very long way . Give it a try , you wo n't be sorry .
 Here are the basics : - It makes your hair like a shield.-There 's a lot of it.So if you like those two , you should get this . * note
 Received by date promised and free shipping was a very cool bonus!No problem at all . Will definitely order again .
 This is a product for my husband - he does n't use anything else . I can always find it on Amazon . THANKS
 if you are looking for a strong hold for an entire day , this is a great product.try not to douche it up too much .
 Hey brah , if you like going to the club and fist pumping to the DJ 's mega mix , then this hair product is for you guy.I love to fist pump . I do it all day everyday brah . I use this stuff all over my body sometimes just to make the ladies know how awesome I am . When I 'm posted up in the corner , checking out all the fine ladies , I know the bass wo n't move my awesomely blown out hair . I think sometimes that I am super hero and that I could impale like , some bad guy with my hair its so stiff . Like hit them right in the gut or maybe run past them and get them in the neck or something like that . I should probably like right some scripts and send them to holly wood or something . I mean , alot of people like me brah . ALOT ! I 'm so popular with the ladies an stuff , do n't be jealous brah!Sometimes I do n't shower for a week because this stuff works so good . My mom is like `` brah you need to take a shower '' and i 'm like `` Hey mah my head is perfection and the ladies love it ! '' My mom hates when I bring home all the ladies from the club and they are all up on my head and touching my stiff hair and are like `` I wish I could put some hair gel in my hair '' an I 'm like `` I have plenty of hair gel brah , I buy this stuff in bulk guy ! `` My mah makes me leave the door open when the ladies come over because she know i 'm like the brah of macking and stuff . Mah is always like , `` Brah you 'll get a disease '' and i 'm like `` Mah , My hair wo n't let me , i 'm immune brah . '' All day long I hear her.When it rains , like the water like bounces off my hair guy , and i 'm like a duck or something , i 'm pretty sure if I knew how to swim that when I jumped in the water I would like float upside down on my head because no water would mess up my blow out brah .
 I ordered this item for my teenage son -LRB- age 14 -RRB- . After he received a haircut , the stylist put on this gel and by the end of the day his hair was still perfect and not flaky at all.The price to buy in the salon was outrageous and for a much smaller tube size . Luckily , I found a much bigger size on Amazon.I really like the convenience of the pump . Great product !
 I have been using this product for 6 yrs and buying it from my hair salon , however , the price continued to increase . I decided to `` google Short Sexy Hair '' to see what happened . Low and behold I was led to Amazon and I could buy the product at a cheaper rate with free shipping if I setup to have the product sent automatically whenever I so desired . This I did on the first purchase and am very satisfied .
 BEST hair gel on the market today!FREE shipping on this purchase a BIG plus , especially to Hawaii . However , method of shipping -LRB- e.g. , USPS , FedEx , UPS -RRB- should be provided . I 've suggested and requested for the method of shipping but have yet to get a response .
 smells good and def holds your hair ... even when I 'm sweating and working out after work the gel still holds ... super impressive stuff ... if your skeptical you can even purchase this gel at Target for about the same amount of money -LRB- but an easily return it @ target if you dont like it -RRB-
 I 've been using this gel for about 10 years and it is great stuff . Put a little amount in my hair , shape it and in about an hour it is rock hard . Lasts all day and even when I sleep on it it is still hard , might look a little funk but it is still in hard . Highly recommend this gel !
 I just have to say that the reviews on this product were right . This is the best gel that I have found so far . I love gel and it has been a must in my hair for the past 15 years . The gel has the perfect thickness . Not too sticky , but not to wet . It has never flacked on me yet . The gel stays in your hair and lets you place your hair exactly how you want it , but it does n't get extremely hard . Weird you say , awesome i say !
 This gel is great ! My son 's hair stays strong for 3 days if we do n't wash it out . This stuff was still working even after a full day at the beach . If you 're looking for a softer hold , this is n't it ! This product holds very stiff . One pump is usually enough to cover his head . This will be our gel for a long time .
 Best thing out there for short hairdos especially good for spiking tried lots of products this is the best !
 I 've been using various gels and my type of hair does n't allow me not to.This gel is absolutely the toughest ever ! in 20min your hair will become a plastic mold . yet the look is super natural . I couldnt even believe I can wash this thing off.Doesnt flake , doesnt wear out , humid resistant BUT some might find it too stiff.American Crew would be my second choice if you 're on the milder side .
 I am a religious user of this particular Gel and the price was a great bargain !
 This product is amazing ! Extremely long lasting , workable gel . Does not immediately freeze , so you have time to play with the style . Once it sets , you are set until you wash it out . Very long lasting power and resists rain and wind ! Received brand new LARGE pump bottle in excellent condition . This one 's a keeper ! I put it on auto ship for my husband so we 'll always have this in stock . Do the same !!
 This is THE best hair gel out there . Great hold , not oily or greasy . Washes off your hands with no problems . I have tried every gel out there and I keep coming back to this one . I buy it here because it 's hard to find in stores .
 This stuff is amazing . Best hair gel in the market for sure . Great product that works awesome , goes on easy , and washes out easy too . HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!!
 I always use this gel and I saw this deal so I took it . Its blue but doesnt turn your hair blue or anything . Its just great for short hair . I dont need it to look sexy but it helps : -RRB-
 I 'm always looking for a decent way to keep my hair styled and this stuff is better than anything else I 've tried . I can put it on in the morning , and it stays the same way , &#34; hard up &#34; , all day long . I could even jump into the shower or a pool , and emerge with my hair still standing the same way it was before I went it . I love it . It can be a little tough to get out of your hair , but once you use shampoo , it sort of deactivates it , and it comes right out . Great product !
 I discovered this when I was getting my hair cut and the hair stylist used it on my hair after she was done cutting it and I loved i since then ! It definitely keeps your hair in place all day , even at night if you leave it in . It also makes my hair look great , great quality for the hair , makes it shine also !
 I have a nice spiked look going in part thanks to Short Sexy hair . Good value and great product . Thank you !
 I use this product for a long time now . I had a smaller bottle , but this is perfect . No flakes . Fast shipping !
 Came quick , works amazing and for the size of this bottle which is bigger than anything in the stores it 's a outstanding price !
 I stumbled upon this gel years back -LRB- my nephews gel -RRB- Later , my wife , being the see it buy it person she is , found the tubes at her high priced salon and got me a couple . Just before running out I found these pump bottles on Amazon at an awesome price !! For those who do n't know this product is great for short hair and takes VERY little and has an unbelievable hold . The tubes or pump bottle last longer than you think making the price well worth it.Oh and also , if somehow your hair does manage to mess up you dont get that residue or ashy hair like other gels leave plenty of.Again , I know to some this may seem a bit costly , but I have had the 16.9 oz for 7 months now and , though I use it on a daily basis , still have more than half left .
 This gel is by far the best I ever tried -LRB- and believe me I tried tons of them , ranging from cheap Department store to saloon only brands . I do 14 hour shifts and when I 'm done , I still have the same style I left my home with . Then , with regular shower the gel is washed away with no problems . It does not flake or irritate my scalp . I 've been using it for the past few years and getting another batch .
 The best hair gel I ever used . Been using it for years . Works great . Will hold all day long with a good shine to it .
 This gel provides just the right amount of hold without making your hair hard and brittle . Keeps hair manageble and provides a flexible yet strong hold . It will not flake off onto your clothes and is easy to manipulate through wet or dry hair . My husband uses this gel right after he gets out of the shower when his hair is still wet . I work a small amount near my roots -LRB- when hair is damp -RRB- to add volume . I then finish off schrunching the product through my hair for definition and texture . It has a nice clean fragrance and is a fairly thick but very smooth gel . Happy with the versatility of this product .
 I read the reviews and decided to try it even tho my cabinets are full of ` tried ' products for my hair . I have fine hair and wear it very short . This stuff works great . I would not want to be without it . It does not flake and with a little encouragement , works well the second day .
 I have been using this gel for over 5 years . Love it and this is only one I can use . It has hard hold and doesnt flake at all -LRB- which is very important for me -RRB- . Amazon sells it for the best price I came across so far .
 Does Not Flake Or Turn White . Only Need A Little Bit To Get The Job Done . Nice To Be Able To Just Re Order When I get Low Instead Of Finding It In The Store And For A Lot More .
 It holds your hair in place all day . It is well worth the money and the product is excellent for flat-tops or other styles .
 Charlie Gold is proof that it does not cost a lot to smell good . It 's a warm , spicy oriental with a small 's ' and a small ` o. ' Charlie Gold does not last as long as I would like . At this price , who cares ? It 's a good one for those who like soft spicy orientals that wear close to the skin.It opens alot like Lady Stetson & Tresor to me - must be all that fleshy fruit -LRB- peaches , apricots -RRB- . It 's quite nice . The heart is fairly straight up , a bit sweet & powdery . The base gets smokey , tobacco-y , and I like it ! Overall , quite similar to Ciara and to Fire & Ice.Charlie Gold is a real winner ! It 's best in the line & not at all like the original , which is shrill and cheap to me . I should know - I was a Charlie girl .
 This fragrance reminds me of the old Fabrege Tigress . Nice spicey scent for the winter months . Definitely a good price for the product . Worth the money spent .
 Worth buying . Good price also smells great . Fragrance is not overwhelmingly strong . It 's just what I love . I love this soft gentle lingering smell of Charlie
 the spray is better than i experted , I gave the five stars because girls around all love it.thus why i get more .
 I think I over applied the first spray . Thank goodness I was outside when i sprayed it ! It has potential , and I definitely smell the buttery , caramel fragrance . Spicy orientals usually work well on me , so we 'll see how this dries down . After I recover , I 'll reapply a * small * spritz , since this scent is quite potent . If it works out , it will definitely be a great value for the low price , since a little will go a long way . Update
 it s a nice perfume for the price . I have been using charlie from before and really adore its fragrance . I was looking for the best price in different sites and I found the best here .
 sa me vacio la mitad del frasco en el avionojo cuando lo acuesten al frasco por que puede perder
 I 've had this curler for like 2-3 years -LRB- time flies when you 're having fun !! -RRB- and it 's a solid product . I have these eyes with unnaturally wide eyelids , which thus makes my eyelashes very hard to curl with a regular curler -LRB- some curlers will leave the eyelashes to the side of my eyelid , uncurled -RRB- . However , this product fits my alien eyes and makes them g-l-a-m-o-r-o-u-s . Easy to clean and use , gives a natural doe-eyed effect that will make EVERYONE JEALOUS -LRB- lolz -RRB- . Tear it up sweetie , this product is worth the price .
 For a long time , I only used the Shu Uemura eyelash curler but had trouble finding replacement curler pads that fit properly . When the most recent pads kept falling out , I decided to just buy a new eyelash curler and stumbled upon this one . Boy am I glad I did ! I love this eyelash curler . It took a little time to adjust to the smaller opening between clamps , but this baby curls my eyelashes very quickly and holds all day . Not only that , but I 've been able to find replacement pads online for when I need them ! I have to say , I personally find this curler better than the Shu Uemura one . Would definitely recommend .
 I have used this eyelast curler for years !! i have never liked any curler as much as this one ! Nothing curls like it eiter !
 I have heard mad reviews and raves about this product . I 'm actually glad to know I have this product as well .
 This was advertised in a magazine as the end all do all of eyelash curlers . I bought into it . It 's a nice one but probably no better than some of the other `` cheaper '' ones to find in drug or discount stores . I am older and my eyelashes have `` disappeared '' and I wanted something to help show them off more . It 's a nice one and I do n't regret buying it but not necessarily worth the price . Plus I had to order it , It was n't available locally in any of my stores.N / A Shiseido The Makeup Eyelash Curler
 I have had this eyelash curler for a few years now , and I absolutely love it ! The curve is a perfect fit to the eye , and it is easy to use . I have never experienced it cutting any eyelashes after use . It is simply a very good high quality product .
 Wow ! I have been using the Shu Uemura eyelash curler for three years now and swore that nothing could even come close to it . I was wrong.My sister bought Shiseido after not being able to find Shu while she was in Japan . Honestly , I do n't know where she went as Shu was everywhere the last time I was there . Anyway , I am glad that she bought this as this is just as great . This gives my short , straight lashes a gorgeous looking curl . It fits snugly around the lash line that you get the desired curl without the pain factor that I have experienced with cheaper brands . My lashes stay curled all day even when I do n't use mascara . I wo n't even start raving about what they look like when I put some waterproof mascara on.For the most amazing and flattering -LRB- or should I say fluttering -RRB- lashes , I recommend this and Shu . They are worth every cent .
 I had used the Shuemura eyelash curler for years and always thought is was the best . Then I had a few instances where as the curler got old , it would actually cut my eyelashes ! When I tried to find refills for the curler , it turns out they do n't sell them so you actually have to buy an entire new curler ! Ridiculous . I bought the Shiseido curler with the refills at the same time . It works just as well and they sell refills . Genius .
 Great eyelash curler - easy to use , gives long-lasting curls . My eyelashes are kind of short and hard to curl , and this curler gives them lots of oomph !
 After seeing rave reviews of the Shiseido and Shu Uemura eyelash curlers on every beauty supply site that I shopped , I decided to find out if there really is something better out there than my cheap , old eyelash curlers . I chose the Shiseido , because replacement rubber pads are available , whereas Shu Uemura requires you to replace the whole curler when the pad wears out . Apart from its color , the Shiseido eyelash curler looks like a traditional clamp curler . It 's a dark gray color , like oxidized silver , and the rubber pads are black . The difference in function is due to a slightly longer and flatter clamp that easily reaches corner lashes and a wider rubber pad to avoid crimping.I 've read that the Shiseido is shaped more ideally for Asian eyes , and , while it 's true that the clamp is not as curved as the natural shape of my eye , this is n't an impediment . I 've used Maybelline and Revlon eyelash curlers in the past , and the Shiseido performs much better
 I love Shiseido eyelash curler , it gives nice curl that last . Once I use it at night and in the morning lashes were still curled . The top of curler is small enough to place at the roots . Previously I used Shu Uemura and it was pinching my skin in the inner corner under my eye , very odd . Shiseido also catches all my lashes . I read online some reviews and they say that it 's great for Asian eyes , I 'm from Eastern Europe and it works perfectly for me . I have a brow bone out , and Shiseido curler still fiits under -LRB- no I 'm not Neanderthal , just have some weird bone structure ;-RRB- The best thing is to try and find the best curler , I also tried Shu Uemura and Japonesque and I was disappointed . Shiseido also wins with robber pads refill , f.e.with Shu you have to buy new curler if you want new stuff , and Japonesque is plastic so probably wo n't leave that long like metal ones .
 I 've been using a cheap revlon eyelash curler for the longest time . I finally decided it was time to upgrade and since Shiseido makes great products I felt it was worth a try . I tried it out at the makeup counter and was totally convinced ! It curled my lashes so good they looked fake . Keep in mind , my lashes are short , sparse , and thin -LRB- thanks to my asian genes -RRB- . I use this with the Shiseido `` Perfect Mascara '' and my lashes look thick and beautiful ! I can only imagine what it would do to someone who has naturally long lashes ... BONUS - it comes with an extra refill so it will last a long time !
 I 'm Asian with long , straight lashes . . and I must say , with all the types of curlers I 've used , this is no different . The only difference is that it does n't open as much as the other ones . . but I do n't see what that has to do with anything because it 's only your lashes going inbetween . I 'd suggest heating the top metal frame against a curling/straightening iron before use for added strength , as with all other curlers , esp . if you 've got straight , Asian lashes . It 's a good curler , but I mean . . it 's just a curler , really .
 This product is great , well constructed but not for me . I am Euro-American . I have some small amount of Native American which is where I guess the `` Asian '' would come in . My eye folds are not very pronounced and regular curlers do n't work for me . I had hoped that this would as my eye shape is less Caucasian than typical but not exactly Asian either . I found lots of reviews by Asian-Americans prior to buying and had hoped this would work but not quite . Apparently the shu uemura has even less of curvature than the shiseido so it works better for some Asians but would definitely not work for me.It is very comfortable . It does a great job on the inner lashes -LRB- closest to my nose -RRB- without pinching my eyelid . Problem for me is that it does n't pick up the outer lashes -LRB- closest to my temple -RRB- at all -LRB- which are the ones I am most concerned with curling -RRB- . A cheap drug store curler does a better job on those outer lashes for me but still does n't get all of them and it always pinches my inner eyelid.Even though its not working for me , this is a great curler . It comes with an additional pad so that 's a nice bonus . Refills are available for purchase so that 's good too assuming the mechanism continues to work . I suppose that you will love it if it matches up with the curvature of your eye . I will have to continue to search .
 I have eyelashes that are on the outer corner curled downwards . For years I did n't use mascara and lash curlers because the curl went out within 20 minutes and then I ended up with a mascara covered eyelash that was either poking me in the eye or just interrupting my vision . Then I came upon the competition between Shiseido and Shu Uemura curlers and decided to buy both . Shu Uemura won.When I tested them out at home without mascara , Shu Uemura kept my eyelashes curled 5 hours later when I went to sleep -LRB- probably would have lasted even longer then that because the arc was still strong -RRB- while with Shiseido my lashes lost the curl within 3 hours . Maybe sooner but I had n't checked them out before that time . Plus it is breaking my lashes . Last time I used it I found 3 eyelashes resting on my face , and I was n't even yanking when I squeezed the lashes . I pressed it down for 7 seconds , then let go and was done!I still have to give it credit though ... It is better then 99 % of the other curlers . Just not as good as Shu Uemura.I understand the reason why Shu Uemura has such a low rating on Amazon is that there are a lot of fakes going around . Thank heaven I found the real deal from internet .
 This clogune is one of best i tried , i recommend this type to every body . . For men of course.Order was in time and product was perfect .
 This stuff is so great , however it is totally expensive . It goes on really well and dose n't make my skin look oily or greasy like a lot of other face moisturizers I 've tried do . Foundation goes on really smoothly over top of it . I started using it this winter , and have n't had hardly any dry flaky skin since . If this stuff is in your budget I 'd definately recommend it . I am running low on mine , and trying to decide whether or not to buy another bottle right now due to the price .
 The best lotion and parfume in the world . Beyond sexy and not too strong ! I have had it for years and never got sick of it ... EVERY LADY SHOULD HAVE IT .
 My husband bought this for me and I really really love it . The fragrance stays for a long time . I have a lot of friends who complimented on it too . I will definitely buy this product again.I just ca n't get over with the soothing and wonderful fragrance of this lotion .
 This lotion is the perfect balance of quality skin care and lasting scent ! I chose it because other reviews said it was the &#34; real thing &#34; and not a knock-off imitation of the real Christian Dior 's Hypnotic Poison . I 've had it for several months now -LRB- a small amount goes a long way -RRB- and I love it just as much each time I put it on . Great choice for &#34; Poison &#34; lovers who do n't want to pay the higher price for Parfum or Eau de Toilette spray .
 I love Poison so much . It makes me smell good , it is really good body lotion , and my granddaughter loves it too .
 Love the light fragrance ! Always get many compliments when I wear it ! The container fits perfectly on my mdressing table .
 I previously fell in love with the Hypnotic Poison fragrance after smelling it on a friend , so had purchased the spray EDT . Until recently , I had never tried the body lotion . I LOVE it ! Hypnotic Poison has some vanilla , musk and other fragrances to produce an awesome blend . The body lotion feels wonderful on your skin and enhances the spray EDT .
 I use this product all the time to cover the gray roots between hair colorings . It 's easy to apply and does a great job of blending in well with my natural hair color . This is a perfect solution for me to stretch out the hair color process several weeks and I can still look my best . I was pleased to find this larger size and great price on Amazon .
 This product is EXCELLENT for light coverage . I am over 40 and tried this product based on Carmindy 's use of a similiar product on TLC 's What Not To Wear . I was not disappointed with the coverage or the wear of the product . I use it with a moisturizer , light concealer cream , sponge on the spray base , and then a mineral powder dusted on top . My skin looks so smooth and the product wears for a long time before needing reapplication . My skin tends to be on the sensitive side so I tend to buy products and throw them out in frustration . Not this one . The only frustration is that it 's rather hard to find . I 've found it on Amazon and in Walgreen 's and that 's it . I hope Sally Hansen keeps making this wonderful foundation .
 THIS IS THE BEST MAKE I 'VE TRIED , ITS A SHAME THAT SALLY HANSEN DISCONTINUED THIS PRODUCT .
 This product was sent sooner than I had actually thought it would have been . Awesome
 When you have had a really bad perm experience , you get a bit desperate and start trying every product in sight . Everything that says `` hot oil '' sounds good to you and yet , I decided to try a intensive treatment instead.What I have to say is , this product did not work as well as the John Frieda Frizz-Ease Smooth Start Defrizzing Shampoo and Glistening Cr&egrave;me Frizzing Conditioner for long term care.I found that the Total Hair Recovery product was best mixed with some olive oil or a hot oil treatment . This comes with a treatment cap so you can use this product in the shower and keep your hair out of your eyes . It is good for a once a month hair treat.Best for `` just dry '' hair or `` just color treated '' hair , but not as highly recommended for really-damaged-from-the-worst-perm-ever-hair . For that , go get the Frizz-Ease products ! ~ The Rebecca Review
 This is a wonderful product that I have just discovered . My daughters are biracial with thick long hair and when I put the VO5 on their hair it made it so silky and smooth . Best of all , it is not greasy and really can be used on any type of hair.I highly recommend it as it smooths the hair without making it stringy . I only wish it was made in a larger size so I did n't have to buy it so often .
 I have bought this product in the past , but it 's hard to find in retail stores . Now that I know it 's available on Amazon , I will definitely be buying it from there . Great price and delivered promptly .
 Length :
 I have been using this product for years and get tons of compliments for my skin .
 I have used this cream since I was 17 years old . I worked in Cosmetics for 16 years and never found anything like it . I am ow 48 and still go back to Eterna after finding that NOTHING is more moisturizing than this cream . I always get a dry feel from other moisturizers after it sits for a few minutes . This one stays creamy feeling and lasts a long time . I still use the cream daily and nightly . I find that from years ago , Mr.Revlon knew what he was doing in the little pharmacy that he patented it with . It 's the first cream with a patent . The ingredients are real , and not these made up names like LEUKOPENE , or POLYPEPTIDS !
 I just turned 31 , so I wanted something proven that I can use for the rest of my life to decrease the signs of aging . Eterna 27 has been around forever . I have heard of the long-term testing done with this product and its ability to preserve and improve skin tone and appearance . So , I am signed up for the long haul . It is thick and a little greasy . It is not great smelling - but it is not offensive , either . I use it at night before bed and told my husband to learn to like it . So far I have been pleased and have not broken out -LRB- which I tend to do with new products -RRB- .
 I have used Eterna `` 27 '' with Progenitin for close to 50 years . It is amazing and it really does reduce the formation of wrinkles .
 I stumbled across this in a Rite Aid in New Hampshire where it was marked down because being discontinued . My skin was so dry from the 3 degree days that I thought to give it a try . It is the only thing that kept me hydrated in the cold and overheated buildings . BUT since it is being discontinued it is very hard to find . Thank goodness for Amazon ! I now use it every night . It IS a bit greasy when you first apply it but it is absorbed quickly . I regularly use Olay Regenerist and Lumene which are both terrific , but this is great for the night cream .
 My mother swears by this cream and has used it ever since I can remember so I used to think of it as an old fashioned product . I moved to the mountain west about 15 years ago and noticed that my skin was drying out at an alarming rate . Nothing I tried gave me relief , much less improved the appearance of my skin . Then I thought of how my 70 + year old mother still gets compliments on how she looks 20 years younger than her real age -LRB- even though she has sun bathed her entire life -RRB- and I figured I should give Eterna 27 another shot.It has been wonderful . I use it at night and sometimes when I need an extra shot of moisture during the day -LRB- when I go hiking , I will use it under sunscreen -RRB- . My husband loves how soft my face feels and I 've noticed the fine lines subtly diminishing on my face and neck.Like other reviewers , I hope Revlon keeps making this stuff . Viva la Eterna !
 My Mom has used this product for over 30 years . I started using it when I was in my late thirties . It is a heavy face cream but does not cause my acne-prone skin to break out . My mother has smoked for over 60 years and I spend alot of time outdoors . We both get compliments on how young we look - and we laugh knowing that our lifestyles really should be causing us to look older . My sister uses the product as well and her skin looks fantastic too . I am convinced that Eterna 27 makes a huge difference . The only problem is finding it in larger quantities . I am afraid that Revlon will stop making it . REVLON - if you are reading this - PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE - DO NOT STOP MANUFACTURING ETERNA 27 !
 I was so excited to fin Revlon Eterna ' 27 ' cream with Progentin for such a great price that I immediately bought it only to discover when it arrived that it is the WRONG PRODUCT ! I received the Revlon All Day Moisterizer instead . I have n't even used it because I plan to return it ASAP !
 I really like this product and buying it on Amazon makes it really easy to get ahold of even when I am not near a salon that carries it.Was pleasantly surprised at how quickly my product was shipped to me and would definitely buy from here again !
 This conditioner is the perfect conditioner ! I have very fine hair that gets tangled easily . Despite wearing my hair long , this conditioner really keeps it soft and tangle-free . The gentle shampoo by Bumble and Bumble pairs with it extremely well , as does the thickening shampoo -LRB- but this shampoo dries out your hair if used every day -RRB- . Take note
 If you have dry hair , this is the best conditioner I have ever used ! I wish it was n't so expensive though .
 She 's been using it forever ... keeps her hair soft and all that.Buying the big pump bottle is an economical way to get what is generally a pretty expensive hair product .
 This is a great conditioner and it wo n't leave a greasy residue on your hair . For me , its worh every penny .
 This is the best conditioner for my long fuzzy hair , I have hightlights , and my hair tends to be brittle , this conditioner smoothens it out and gives a weight to my big curls I can style my hair any way I want it ! Perfect !
 I have very curly hair and I use this as a leave in product , after using it as a rinse out conditioner . It definately makes my hair softer and helps the curls form much nicer .
 All you need is about a nickel size of this for medium length hair leave in while washing up body , comb or brush through in shower , rinse and great results . This is BEST conditioner I 've found after 20 years of trying every great name , even Jonathon 's .
 I love this product since my hair is porous . My hair is soft , manageble , shiny . I have tried many , many products but I would suggest getting a 8oz and try it by using the entire bottle . Then you will be to see if the product works for you .
 I know the product - love it and will do a great deal to get it.I got the best service in this store - it was extreordinary !!!
 I purchased the 33.8 oz container and compared it to the 8 oz . bottle I bought at a salon for my daughter . Same smell , same consistency , same results.I am a Redken man . I buy this for my 18 month old daughter and use just a small amount of it every night . We recently moved from a house with soft water , to one without . This definetly makes up for the change.I like the stuff .
 I love this conditioner . It leaves my hair very soft , yet clean and easy to style -- not weighted down or greasy . Use with Bumble and Bumble Super Rich Shampoo for best results .
 I bought this gift set for my mother in law for Christmas and she is enjoying it . I had a hard time finding this in the stores so I was happy to find it here .
 My daughter-in-law wore this for awhile and , then we could ` nt find it . I just kept searching and was happy to find it . This set gives you what we women use most ... moisturizer and scent .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister , and she likes it alot . I did not try it , but I 'm rating it based on my sisters like of it .
 I received this cologne as a gift and I must say Emporio Armani White has one of the best smells of any fragrance , ever . Designer Giorgio Armani is a perfectionist in every one of his product lines and this cologne -LRB- in the not too expensive price range -RRB- is definitely a winner . It 's very citrusy , fresh , bold and to be honest very alluring . All I know is that I do get a lot of compliments whenever I am proudly walking around in the very fresh and modern `` funk '' of Emporio Armani White .
 I think this is the best day cologne I have ever worn . It 's not pungent , but last for a very long time . It has a light lemony smell . If you like a cologne that last all day but wo n't over power people 's senses , this is it .
 I first came across this scent in December 2001 when in Australia for Christmas with my family . The 12 of us were walking down the streets of Sydney and I passed this young man , smelled this scent and turned around in my tracks to go ask him what it was . He told me and I began my search . At first , it was only available in the UK , but then , when I was in Las Vegas , Nevada , USA , I found it at Sephora , which made me very happy . Now , you are lucky if you can even find it on-line ; I 'm thinking it is discontinued ... = -LRB-
 I 've been using this product for years and is becoming harder and harder to purchase since Emporio Armani discontinued it . It has a very fresh and musky smell . Incomparable to any fragrance out there .
 This is a very nice scent most of Armanis fragrances are all very nice this one has a unique lite smell and I been asked what I was wearing the price is also good for a nice fragranxe you cant go wrong trying this ...
 BY colognes so good I got screwed , not from the very good smell but from the outfit I bought it from , DELLUCCI PERFUMES , out of BROOKLYN , NEW YORK.when I opened it , it was a counterfeit -LRB- fake -RRB- bottle of BY , so watch where you buy.Dullucci perfumes state all their colognes are authentic , not the case as I found out , so watch where and what you buy . Dellucci charged me $ 79.00 plus shipping for a bottle of counterfeit cologne -LRB- BY -RRB- . it may have cost them $ 2.00 - $ 4.00 if that . BY cologne is a very good cologne I had another bottle , the real stuff .
 BY by D&G is the best frangrance I have ever found . Its perfect to my skin and to my nose . It is a shame its production has been discontinued .
 I bought this for my 13 year old junior high daughter . As picky as she is about her hair , she absolutely loves this item ! Her ordinary straightener did n't perform near as well as this Wet to Dry Straightener . Great Product !!!
 This product is great ! Your skin feels so soft and smooth . I absolutely love it !
 makes my skin look and feel terrific ! wish i could keep it in my daily routine everyday . Price is too high . was glad i could purchase through Amazon !
 I have only just started using this products but it seems to really make my skin feel softer .
 As you can see , either you 'll love the seaweed bits floating in the tub or you 'll hate them . I really like them , and the moisturizing effect they have on my dry skin . In my experience , they are much less messy than flower petals , and easier to rinse away . I do n't like heavy , flowery perfumes , so Big Blue 's light bracing aroma is very pleasant .
 My sister has been a Sea Vegetable soap junkie since I first discovered one of the Vancouvers shop in the late 1990s and went nuts shopping for Christmas . Since then , she 's learned to expect a healthy supply of the soap every birthday and Christmas . After sniffing around the shop on a recent visit to Victoria , I discovered that the Big Blue and Ocean Salt cleanser make a big , happy , complimentary-smelling family , so my sister 's supply of bath products has increased exponentially . The best part is , guys love this stuff , too ! I think it 's because these each smell sort of like a really potent margarita .
 This Lush Bomb is on my top favorites list . When I drop it in the tub , and it fizzles its little bubbles , it turns your bathtub into a deep blue Ocean ! It smells salty , blue , fresh and crisp with pure Atlantic Sea Salt Crystals , Arame Seaweed , Lemon Oil , Lavender Oil , Seaweed Absolute with that gorgeous blue color this is an amazing treat.This remindes me of the times I did bathe in the Ocean , and for a few bucks it makes that feeling a repetitive experience . I aboslutely love it .
 Big Blue really does turn into sea with crystal blue water and natural seaweed . It reminds me of the coast of Ireland where I went on a vacation . Best version of the ocean for home use -LRB- and sand-free -RRB- .
 I LOVE this bath bomb . I do n't know how many I have bought over the years . It 's a beautiful color , and it has a fabulous clean smell ... for all of those laundry detergent lovers , this will make you sooo happy ... I have been harboring a dormant lush addiction for about six years now , and I live nowhere close to one . My only solace has been whenever friends and relatives visit a city with one -LRB- like Toronto -RRB- I send money with them and tell them what to buy . I have yet to be dissatisfied with something that I bought from this comany . I am so ridiculously excited about Amazon carrying their products now ...
 This stuff turned the water the most awesome shade of blue . I have never been to the ocean -LRB- poor me , right ? lol -RRB- but I bet this is about the right shade ! It smelled really good too.The seaweed kind of grossed me out . It reminded me of little severed spider legs , and it was a pain to clean up . It did seem pretty moisturizing , but ... I just could have done without the seaweed .
 I love this bath ball . The scent is delicious , and fills the whole bath/bedroom with an incredible smell . I love the fact that the Lush bath balls do n't dry out my skin , in fact , I do n't need to use lotion after a bath .
 Yummy smelling and fun in the tub . It 's got a lovely blue color and the seaweed is fun to watch float around , but if you want to keep that from happening , use a stocking . The saleslady at the store showed me how to make `` Mermaid Water '' and it was fun to do.To make it , toss in the bomb -LRB- or if you break it up like I do , just a bit of it -RRB- and then crumble up some of the Sunny Side bubble bar under running water . The water turns blue and foamy and it 's like you 're sitting -LRB- or swimming -RRB- in the ocean .
 I had read the reviews before I got this one so I knew that it had seaweed , yet there was much more than I expected . Cleanup was n't an issue since the seaweed was sucked down by the drain . I personally enjoyed the smell - it reminded me of the breeze coming from the ocean . I also thought the color change of the water was beautiful ; it was a mixture of light and dark blue . Overall , made me feel like I was taking a dip in the water at the beach . Definitely would n't mind getting this one again .
 Oh , my gosh . This bomb is da bomb . I love how it turns the water ocean blue and has tons of hydrating seaweed in it . My skin was soooo soft when I got out . I will get this again .
 Nice and relaxing . We have yet to try something from Lush that we did n't like . Make soaking in the bath a real treat .
 It smells like the ocean if you could smell the lavender growing up on the cliffs . My favorite LUSH product . Lounge in teal colored water and breathe in the calming scent .
 This bath bomb is to die for . Be warned - if you do n't like floaties , it is not for you . Or you can stick it in a stocking , which will catch all of the seaweed . I , personally , love them ! They tickle and add to the ambiance.The smell is SO ocean . The salt melts into the water and it all turns this gorgeous deep blue . Between Sex Bomb , Twilight , and Big Blue , I always have my classics on hand!I would recommend this with any of Lush 's citrusy products . - eg with the You 've been Mangoed bath melt , a piece of the Each Peach and Two 's a Pear massage bar , or either Ocean Salt or Big Shampoo . The smells are awesome together !!!
 Very good products . Fast delivery . Will shop with LUSH again in the future .
 This bomb turns a bath into a beautiful tropical ocean . The deep blue color penetrates the water , turning it a dark and tranquil blue . The fresh scent is mellow and calming . The bath bomb softens the water and with tons of fragrance , you feel as though you 're surrounded by luxury . This bath bomb is an experience - for those who like color , scent , aromatherapy in their baths , this is a do n't - miss .
 I put this into my tub and it disolved into my own private lagoon . I absolutely love the smell of the ocean and the seaweed is an extra nice touch . I wish I could afford to use one of these every night !
 This is a great bath bomb - the colour is beautiful , the scent is fresh and it feels amazing on your skin . A 5 star bathing experience!However , the seaweed made me nervous ... Not so much during the bath , but after . What was I going to do with all that stuff ??? I did n't want it going down the drain . Organic or not , that is the kind of stuff that will clog it . So ... I ended up placing a strainer on the drain , and picking up the rest to throw it away ... Great bath , not so great cleanup . 4 star final mark. : -RRB-
 I got this in the mail a couple of months ago and never really even opened the box . I take like one or two bath 's a year . I 'm a shower guy . When I do take a bath , I dont have a bottle of bubbles to go with it . I just use a bottle of shampoo . What I do like to do is read though while I do take that bath . I 'll sit in the bath for at least an hour , reheating the water , and then getting aggravated at the dumb safety thing that sucks the water out of the tub if it gets to high ... even though that 's the best level for you to relax in . BUT . . on to the Bomb.I decided I would try one of these things out after hearing about it from a lady friend of mine . Also if you ever seen Friends when Monica makes a bath for Chandler and used all of those girly things to make it feel great , Chandler was against it , but absolutely loved it . I found it funny , but got curious about it.So I tried it.And well . . wow . The thing REALLY smells good . It takes like 1 second for it to start a really nice aroma in the bathroom . Then I stepped in and was immediately feeling relaxed thanks to the soothing smell and just the way the water felt . It was definetly different than just regular old bath water spiced with shampoo . After a few minutes of reading , I had an itch on my leg and went to scratch it and was thought to myself `` Dang my skin is soft '' . Then an hour went by and the aroma was STILL in the air and the water STILL felt great -LRB- even after reheating it -RRB- . Once I was done I thought that would be it . NOPE . Even after I tried off , the smell was still on me and that aint a bad thing . It was so relaxing that I even had a great nights sleep.I 'm definitely gon na order another one of these bad boys.Plus LUSH even sent me a ` freebie ' bomb . It was some Cotton Candy one . Definitely not as good as the Big Blue . The smell of the Cotton Candy one did smell good , but barely lasted long -LRB- maybe 20-30 minutes -RRB- . Plus it didnt make the water feel as nice , nor did it make my skin smell or make it soft . Not that I care that much about that , but for those of you who do , I 'm just letting you know . = D
 Swimming in the sea with seaweed all around you seems normal , but looking into your tub and seeing so much seaweed swimming around made me a little nervous -LRB- normally I 'm more brave -RRB- and I did consider looking for a strainer . However I said to myself
 I really did n't like the smell of this Big Blue in the store -LRB- though it really smelt like the ocean ... dried seaweed and all ! -RRB- , however when I got home to try it , the smell was actually kind of sweet smelling rather then dead fish smelling . Thank goodness because I found this to be the best bath bomb to use to soothe sore and achy feet . I work retail , so I 'm on my feet for hours at a time and when I get home , I crumble some of the Big Blue into my foot spa and it deodorizes and relieves my feet so quickly . The real sea salt works as an anti-inflammatory and helps any swelling go down also.I do n't have a bathtub to actually try it as a BATH bomb , but I can imagine how great it would feel . The seaweed in the bomb also helps to soften my rough feet and when I follow with LUSH 's Fair Trade Foot Lotion , my feet are so comfortable !
 This is a great bath for getting off to sleep or just relaxing , but it is n't for the conservative bather ! It releases a maelstrom of fizz and scent , and colors the water a rich blue color -LRB- I wish the ocean looked that blue ! -RRB- and releases little seaweed pieces into the bath . It truly feels like an adventure to bathe in it , and is a huge hit with me.The seaweed is very slippery and does n't stick to my skin , which is important , but you may like to get a little strainer for the drain if you are going to use a lot of Lush bath bombs!The bomb is moisturizing and highly scented , and the essential oils used are soothing and smell great . You really can get away with breaking these in half to use , but for the occasional special treat , try the whole shebang ! It is lovely !
 this is great for people with sore tired muscles ... as it spins I keep my knees bent and keep it under my legs ... the seawees feels like a thousand little fingers against my skin ... what a great way to feel better at the end of a long day ...
 Bathing with this was like being sucked into some kind of unreal fantasy fairy tale - the water turns an incredible shade of blue without getting murky , and the little bits of seaweed floating about are a really nice touch . Every time I use it I feel like I 'm in a Tim Burton movie , the water is THAT bright.The smell was a bit unexpected though - I was expecting a milder scent -LRB- more like seanik - the solid shampoo that looks very similar to this bath bomb -RRB- , but the citrus was nice anyways . I will definitely , absolutely , without a doubt be getting this again .
 This is my favorite bath bomb from Lush -LRB- so far ! -RRB- I loved the lavender and lime scent - very refreshing . I used the bomb after a long day at work and almost fell asleep in the tub ! Some people do n't like the mess of the seaweed but as Lush states on their site - you can always wrap it in a nylon ! I love Lush !
 I 'm a bath girl . I 'll admit it , right now , to all of you , I am addicted to baths . I am also addicted to bath stuff . Anything related to a bath , you will find that I 've either tried it or own it . To me , heaven is a bathtub with some sort of goodness in the water . Just.Love.It.A friend sent me some Lush goodies a year ago so when I went to visit her in Boston I all but drug her down to Lush to get a fresh supply . As soon as I got home , in went Big Blue and I started my vacation - again . There is nothing better - besides the tub - than sitting on the beach , sun warming your skin and feet dipped in the ocean . This bath bomb brings it all back , including the seaweed to go between your toes ! The smell , the feel , even the color is nothing but the Big Blue . Added perk of Big Blue was that the seaweed clogged the overflow valve so I got to immerse myself even deeper into the waters!I highly reccomend their `` Ocean Salt '' scrub to complement big blue !
 This was the very first Lush product I tried and it is my absolute favorite . Everytime I purchase from Lush I always get 1 or 2 of these . The smell is just lovely , kind of citrusy with a hint of flowers . And it turns your bath water the most amazing color of ocean water blue . When I 'm lying in a tub full of big blue water I close my eyes and pretend I 'm a mermaid . Definitely a must have , at least for me .
 everytime I go into a lush store , big blue is one of the first things I buy . Big Blue turns your water this turquoise-blue-ish colour that looks really similar to clean ocean water in Hawaii . my skin is always softer after I use big blue , and it always smells great . the salts in big blue act as a natural exfoliant , which I am all for . big blue is one of those bath bombs where the smell lingers on you for a couple of days . It smells incredible , and if you want to avoid all of the seaweed getting everywhere , just put it in some old pantyhose and you 're set to go .
 First , all bumble and bumble shampoos are wonderful . What their line has done to my hair , that others could n't , is truly amazing.If your someone who has spends the time and money every so many weeks to have your hair color treated , whether you get highlights , low lights , or full color ... this is a must have ! There 's nothing worse than having your hair colored and it fading . This line of color depositing products -LRB- in combination with a quality salon coloring agent -RRB- is the only thing out there that keeps your color vibrant and shining in between salon visits.I 've used other `` blonde '' shampoos , both mainstream grocery store brands and other salon brands . Nothing has achieved the shine and color while maintaining the health that this product can . I 've been a loyal user of this line for 3 years now and I 'm a believer!My only advice , and any bumble and bumble colorist will share this with you too , is that you must use this shampoo with it 's partnering conditioner in order to get the maximum benefit . The shampoo and conditioner together deposit the color . One does n't work without the other . Also , have another shampoo that you cycle this out with . Although I 've never had a `` dryness '' issue with this shampoo , I do cycle this with Bumble 's Cream de Coco Shampoo because it 's rich and can restore the moisture to my color treated hair in order to prevent something like that from happening.These products may be on the higher end of the price scale , but I 've learned that if your going to put in the time and money for a quality salon color treatment , you have to also put in the time and money to maintain that color from salon visit to salon visit with a good product .
 This is the best conditioner I 've ever used ! -LRB- And I have tried every store brand -RRB- I have super thick , course hair that is prone to knots . This product makes styling after washing my hair much easier , whether I am straightening my hair or wearing it curly . Also great is Bumble and Bumble leave-in conditioner and their anti-friz product.It is WELL worth the price . I would skip the shampoo product to save money , though . There 's nothing wrong with it , but you dont need it . The oonditioner does all the work .
 I love the product . It was delivered fast and was exactly what I wanted .
 I stumbled upon Terra Nova Patchouli years ago in this tiny shop in the North Georgia Mountains of all places . I have worn Patchouli for years and by far , this product is the one that stops them in their tracks . I can not tell you how many people have asked me what I am wearing . This PatchouliTerra Nova Patchouli Perfume Essence - .375 fl . oz.is not strong nor subtle , but just right . I love this product and will continue to apply a dab daily , regardless if I am layering or not . Thanks Terra Nova for a Home Run Favorite .
 Love this . Takes me back in time . I have had people stop me and ask me what i am wearing .
 Patchouli has a very strong pungent fragrance that is incredible to watch how strongly it attracts men . This one in particular is every bit as strong as patchouli comes . It should be called &#34; Pheromone . &#34; Yes , it is very much an attraction to men , but wearer , please beware
 Love this . Every time I wear it , people rave about it . `` What are you wearing ?! You smell uhhhhhmazing ! '' Which is funny because when I wear my $ 70 perfumes , no one says a word . Sometimes when I wear this , older people start waxing nostalgic about their hippie days . That 's kinda ... awkward . But cute . Anyway , I love it !
 This smells like a dirty hippie ... and that 's a good thing ! The bottle is tiny , but it packs a HUGE smell ! A little goes along way and I really like this !
 I am a lip-gloss lover and this is among the best . It has a wonderful shiny , pretty , high-impact pink sheen . It seems to last longer than a lot of other glosses on the market , and the price is unbeatable . I find that this gloss is very similiar to Stila Lipglaze in watermelon - and only a fraction of the price-tag !
 Since i am highly allergic to most lotions , this is an excellent product.Thank you .
 UPDATE
 Heres a Little Setter thats great in the way it removes all Frizzy Hair but leaves in a soft shiny curl . If I had a wish , it would hold 8 rollers instead of 5 , but the rollers heat up so fast , it 's easy to pop in a few more after the first 5 are done . Way easier and quicker than using a blow brush or curling iron . I will use these forever .
 Brit is a great cologne , and the package comes with an aftershave balm and body wash ! Great package and timely shipping ... very satisfied !
 if you have really cracked and dry hands , you cant beat this hand cream.i have tried a lot of them , and this one works the best .
 As a long time user of the Zim 's crack creme line - I prefer the Diabetic formula best . The herbal blend is very soothing on dry skin spots . I carry a small tube of the regular formula in my vehicle for daytime use - it also is a great product . I will stick with the Zim 's line as long as they are available .
 Zim 's crack cream really works well to heal the cracks in my fingers caused by Michigan cold weather . It works faster than any other product tried .
 Our foot doctor recommends this product as the best cream on the market for people with diabetic neuropathy . We have used it for several years now and love it .
 I have been looking for this for some time . It is of high quality and packaged well It is perfect for my needs and a terrific scent .
 Toujours Moi FOR WOMEN by Max Factor - 2.0 oz EDC Spray -LRB- By Dana -RRB- I really love it ! The fragrance is like a dream !
 These combs are made of really good plastic . I was impressed with the initial quality.Then I tried to put them on , they use a ` spring ' type attachment to keep them on . I noticed that the ` spring ' part gets stuck often and I have to ` force ' it back after use -LRB- only on some of the combs -RRB- I 'm not sure how long they will last , the ` spring ' is very cheap , but does the job . They are the nicest combs I 've seen other than the ` spring ' issue .
 This comb set does definitely fit to my Andis BGRV with blades # 1 and # 000 . BGRV has the same blades as well as
 I was happy to find this set here since it included a guide in a size we could n't find locally . Works great .
 Excellent product as described at a good price . Spring loaded combs fit the Andis trimmers nicely .
 Excellent . i have no complains what so ever about the product . The package was delivered very quickly and item was exactly as described .
 This is exactly wut I needed to fit the larger blade dat I have on my clippers n its universal so the guard stretches to fit the desired size
 These fit perfectly on the Andis 63100 Ceramic Clippers . They are spring loaded , and seem to be constructed very well . Seems to have just the right sizes in the pack . I would recommend these .
 little costly but well worth it ... spring loaded and fits like a glovemade with metal and plastic that seems like its going to last a good 500 cuts lol -LRB- ihope -RRB- i use size 3 for a normal cut . and i use it on a 000 blade . shipped pretty fast too
 I first smelled this in a department store and kept going back to smell it again and again before I finally bought it . I usually pick fragrances that are more flowery that this , but this one really caught my attention . Every guy who has smelled it says how sexy it is . It stays true all day and a little goes a long way . I just feel good when I wear it !
 This was given as gifts at Christmas , and I got alot of ooh 's and aah 's , everyone I gave this to were pleasantly surprised ! The price was very reasonable , and it was just as described !
 I am very picky about perfumes but someone gave me this for Christmas once and I LOVE it !! It 's high class without the price to match , I definitely recommend it .
 This perfume is as fabulous as all the reviews say . It 's a winner ! It is feminine , floral -LRB- but not too -RRB- , layered , surprisingly complex and yet not too heavy . It is a masterful example of what a truly fine perfume should be . This would make a wonderful gift for new brides , Mom 's , dog 's or sweethearts . Or just treat yourself .
 I absolutely love the smell of this perfume ! It is sophisticated and does n't have that teen girl wan na be rock star smell .
 This perfume was discontinued a number of years ago much to my boyfriends disappointment . I was so excited I was able to find it for such a great price ! This scent is a classic !
 I 've used this wonderful perfume for several years , but it 's difficult to find . It has great lasting quality - the aroma is never overpowering , and it has great staying power , lingering for most of a day .
 THis is a great fragrance and it was a very good buy on Amazon with the rebate on perfume during Christmas . I will look to buy more of my perfume on Amazon as their pricing is very competitive .
 The perfume is wonderful . I was not able to find it in the stores I go to , so I was happy to get it with Amazon .
 I 'm not a perfume person , most make me sneeze like crazy and I hate anything too flowery but I found this one years ago and it 's the only thing I 'll wear
 I spent years trying to find a perfume close to discontinued Indecence by Ginvenchy , to no avail , until I tried Mania by Giorgio . Armani Fro Women is not quite as sweet as Indecence , though sweet is not what I 'd call Indecence . However , I have had compliments from men and women on Mania . It does not last as long , even when layering with the lotion , but at least I 've found a perfume that is as close as I have tried ; and I 've tried at least a hundred . It is a daytime perfume , casual , but I wear it for evening , because I do not like heavy perfumes . It is a bit musky , which I like , but not over-powering . It is a sensual fragrance and not flowery , so it has lasting power . I love it .
 Delivery was too fast . Product was packaged for the worst case and protected from harm . Product itself is as described and in perfect condition . There is no need to say anything for packaging , delivery and product , which were all professionally handled .
 The item came quickly to the house and was exactly what I ordered . There was no breakage and it was protected from harm in the packaging
 This product lived up to it 's description . Was exactly the perfume that was asked for ! I would recommend this company to all my friends who are in the market .
 I really like the smell of this perfume . Buying perfumes could be tricky though ... if you could try it before to make sure it smells good on you , I would suggest to do that and then order it : >
 Ca n't beat the price . This was packaged well . Arrived in a timely manner . I buy all my perfume online . I will continue to purchase perfume from this sellar .
 I have been wearing this fragrance for a few years now . Every time I wear this -LRB- usually at night -RRB- it gets a big response ... especially from men . Common consensus is I `` smell soooo good '' , so I keep buying it.Another tip ladies
 I bought this perfume for the first time 4 years ago at Ulta , simply on impulse . It was probably the best impulse buy ever . My husband finds it irresistible . I feel sexy and exotic when i wear it ! It 's a very complex fragrance mixing florals with exotic orientals . Simply stunning . And it lasts all day !
 I could not find this in stores and am very happy to find it here . I got this as a gift first time and when I wanted to get more it was gone from the stores . I love this parfume . I am pleased with this purchase . Thanks Amazon ...
 I love this fragrance and was very disappointed when it was no longer carried at Macy 's / I love it . I get compliments everyday I wear it .
 I purchased several of these Feeling Man miniatures and have been surprising my boyfriend with them . One showed up magically on the hotel sink with all the other hotel provided soaps , shampoo , etc. on our last vacation . One appeared in the glove compartment of his car ... It 's been fun . We love Feeling Man and only wished Jil Sander still sold the full bottle .
 I 've been using this product for several years now and I love it . With the 2-step process it covers my gray very well and makes new growth less obvious . As with all henna haircolors , it does take a little more work , but it 's well worth it in the end . My scalp loves me for it as there is absolutely no irritation from the henna . And , since I began using this product , my hair feels healthier and appears shinier .
 I have used this product and had excellent results . My scalp was happier , and the color -LRB- auburn -RRB- was vibrant and natural . Preparation and application do take some time ; however , I 've also found that there is a generous amount in the box ; I was able to divide the amount in half , and get two applications from one box - and I have fairly long hair , often I run a bit short if I 'm used a conventional haircolor such as L'Oreal or Clairol . For my health , and the health of my hair , I will continue to use this product .
 You have to be patient with the sloppy process , but it 's a great product otherwise . Great plus - NO roots , just fades out gradually ...
 I purchased this for a friend . She liked the way it worked , which is great for a natural hair coloring product . I use the chemical stuff , so maybe I 'll give this brand a try next time .
 I am really far sighted and have difficulty seeing details up close . A long time ago I got one of these mirrors and have used it daily for at least 20 years to help me put on my eye makeup , contacts , etc. . It 's the only mirror where I can actually see tiny details clearly . After all this time , it has held up pretty good , but the hinge is getting a bit weak after roughly 7300 uses . Indispensable for travel , the gym and contact lens users .
 This mirror is for those of us who have lost our near vision . I now need reading glasses for close work , but with this mirror I can see with my naked eyes every blemish and hair on my face . It is not for the faint of heart !!!
 A good purse size `` Big Eyes '' , however the counter and larger size of the `` Big Eyes '' have a crisper image
 The `` Magic Focus '' mirror is a purse size compact , one side having a regular mirror , the other side a very magnified mirror . I treasured the one I had for many years but accidentally dropped it and shattered the glass . After searching for what seemed forever , I found a replacement on your website . I am extremely pleased with the purchase . It is just what I had been looking for .
 I bought one of these years ago and I 'm still using it . I use it on an almost daily basis . The magnification is perfect and it 's a good size . It has held up well and I ordered more because I never want to be without one . I travel a lot and was always worried about it breaking . It never has , but I did n't want to take a chance .
 Perfect , just as I remembered from having one 15 years ago . It is great for contact wearers when you get something in your eye .
 Ordered this specifically for travel - many hotels do not provide magnifying mirrors in their bathrooms ... Just the perfect size for travel and magnifies enough so that I can do my eyebrows !!
 I bought a little manicure set and wanted a mirror to carry with it in my purse . This is a great mirror . Perfect in size , magnifies great and does n't take up a lot of room in the purse . I got a good sale on it and am very happy with it .
 My mom had one of these years ago -LRB- like 15 or more -RRB- & was still trying to hold it with a broken hinge . Even more useful to her now as her eyesight is worse so I was trilled to find it . The 2 different magnification levels are ideal . When she got the first one it seemed expensive . This seemed to be reasonably priced -LRB- perhaps cheaper than the original -RRB- despite inflation , and it is the identical product .
 I bought two of these as gifts for Christmas . I loved it so much or my husband that I gave it to my nephew and cousin . They loved it as well .
 The product is as discribed and the reciever of the item as a gift was pleased with the scent .
 I really liked , I recommend!Optimal materials and arrived very quickly!I recommend to all the amazon ... I really liked , I recommend!Optimal materials and arrived very quickly!I recommend to all the amazon ...
 I had it in the bath and it works great and makes you want to drink it becasue its like the same in a cup but i did it three time and every time they all broke open .
 What is it they say about love ? A better question might be what do n't they say about love ? It makes the world go round . What the world needs now is more of it . It 's a many splendored thing . A moments madness . The list goes on and on . . Little wonder it 's also the inspiration for a bold , seductive new fragrance from Cacharel.It arrives in a brilliant red bottle , the color of a heart , the shade of passion . Amor Amor is both romantic and vivacious with top notes of pink grapefruit , blood orange , sweet mandarin and black currant . Heart notes are found in apricot , red rose , jasmine melati flower and lily of the valley.Available in 1 oz , 1.7 oz . and 3.4 oz . sprays , it promises to be a highly coveted fragrance at an affordable price . - Gail Cooke
 Zims Crack Creme gel plus is an excellent product for cracked hands . My wife had very bad cracks on hands . After using for only couple of days we started noticing the difference . Now her hands are soft as they used to be . I will recommend this product to anyone who has bad cracks on hands .
 I bought it for the wife because the original wish was her favorite . I do n't really know how to describe a smell so all I can say is this perfume smells like girls should . Just buy it , its not that expensive and you will smell yummy .
 looooove this balm , use a couple of times lips are smooth as baby bottom . will definetly purchase , sometimes i ca n't find mine and i just about panic . try it you will find that you can not be without it also .
 I 've been using this for years , ever since my hairdresser introduced me to it - I do n't remember how long ago . I 've been unable to find it anywhere in retail , but am glad that I 'm still able to buy it online.As others said , it tames frizz without making your hair stiff or crunchy . If your hair * does * turn crunchy , then you 're using too much . I have very long , thick curly hair , and I only need to use maybe a little more than a quarter sized amount and it works wonders . A one liter bottle lasts me months.I hope this product is never discontinued . I have n't run across anything that works as well as this does on my curly hair .
 I bought my first bottle of this light hold gel in a salon after the woman used it on me . I immediately fell in love with it and am glad to be able to buy online in a large bottle . I scrunch this into my wet , freshly showered hair and leave it until dry . I agree with other reviewers in that it does n't leave your hair crunchy , but it leaves my hair looking slightly wet , even when dry , if I do n't either run my fingers through it or scrunch it after it dries . My hair feels soft and wonderfully touchable after that while still holding my style . I highly recommend this , try it !
 I came across this product over 20 years ago at a hair salon where I was manager . This product is hands down the best product out there for curls . It tames the frizzies without stiffening the hair . It leaves the hair soft and flexible with no crunch . I was delighted to find out that Image is still making it . I have very thick hair that frizzes terribly especially in humidity . I have tried everything on the market hoping to duplicate what `` fixative '' does but nothing out there compares to it . My curls are bouncy , healthy , shiny and flexible . I highly recommend Fixative to anyone who battles with their hair like I do .
 I have used this product since the 1970 's . It is a perfect light gel that helps define curls without stickiness . Do not overwork in hair because it is light . Perfect for scrunching . It has a very light and pleasant smell . Strongly encourage you try it . It 's sometimes hard to find so get used to buying online .
 I came across this product at least 10 years ago , and despite the peculiar almost flourescent turquoise color , I tried it . It 's amazing . It tames frizz without creating crunchy hair . My only complaint was that it was kinda slimy and hard to wash off my hands . I finally figured out that that is because it is mostly aloe . And just like aloe , it 's slimy . But it is magic for the hair . I bought a liter years ago and am just finishing it up , so I 'm thrilled to see that it is still made . I have very curly ringlets , but my hair is not thick . Fixative is best used when my hair is damp , but I can even put some on my dry hair when it gets frizzy and it will tame it . Like all curly girls , I 've tried everything on the market . This is the best .
 This conditioner worked on my hair -- fine , dry , in need of a cut -- when no other conditioner worked . This is the only brand I know of that deals with serious conditioning/detangling needs .
 This product works great for my fine , dry hair . It feels different than other conditioners that contain a lot of silicones . Silicones cover the hair shaft and make hair feel very silky , but too much can also weigh hair down and make it look limp and lifeless . This product makes my hair feel stronger , healthier , and more resilient . It needs some getting used to , but the more often I use it , the more I like it . I actually have never been disappointed by a PHYTO product . With the exception of a few Ojon products ; I believe that PHYTO is the very best brand of hair care products , for every hair type . Their hydrating shampoo is quite amazing as well . Worth every penny .
 Amazing for my delicate , fine , dehydrated natural hair . I would definitely recommend . Makes hair soft , shiny and strong . best product I 've ever used .
 I have fine , dry blonde hair . The best -LRB- and most expensive -RRB- hairdresser I ever had suggested this product 22 years ago , and I 've used it ever since . I 've tried other , less expensive conditioners , but they leave my hair limp . I have to come back to Phyto Sesame.I 'M NOT RICH ! Cheap Flex shampoo works fine for me , and when they stopped making it , I found a closeout store and bought two cartons . But only Phyto Sesame conditioner puts body in my hair.Tips :1 . Try only a dab at first -- a little goes a long way . As I 've aged and gotten some wirier gray , I use more . But it 's very concentrated , which is a better deal than conditioners you have to glop on .2 . The instructions originally said to towel-dry your hair before application . I still do . I keep a washcloth in my shower where it wo n't get wet .
 This product is excellent . It restores life into my hair . After a surgery this is exactly what I needed . I will continue to use this product .
 I 've been using this product for over 20 years . It 's easy to use , does n't damage my hair and it lasts for two or more months for me . I have n't been able to find it locally for several years and I am so grateful that it is still available for purchase online .
 There are already a surplus of good reviews , but very few have mentioned using Cerave as treatment for chronic dandruff/scalp eczema . I also thought it would be helpful to provide a detailed account of how I use it.Here 's my story
 I am a chemical engineer . I used to formulate soaps and lotions in my spare time for fun . My aim was to make a truly moisturizing lotion . So , studying ingredients and selecting formulations was a large part of what I did . I was n't mass producing , so skimping on ingredients was not important . My goal was just to create a product that brings and holds - moisture - to my dry skin . -LRB- Some just feel good ; others like Oil of Olay just seem runny and are ineffective for me -RRB- . So , I formulated my lotions to hold moisture to the skin . The result ? My lotions not only keep my skin moist but also helped to minimize wrinkles.Cerave was something I had never heard of . But , I was not in the lotion making business anymore . And , my fav cream had been discontinued . So , I researched the feedback here . Then , I bought it , studied it , and tried it . Cost wise , it seems to be expensive . Yes , it 's a large jar but still it is more that what I normally pay . But , looking at the ingredients , I see why . Quality ingredients . Very similar to the premium stuff that I used when I made my own lotions.Then , I tried it . It is super ! At night , I apply it over areas of my face that will stretch when I move to prevent wrinkles . It absorbs fast . By morning , my skin is smooth . No breakouts . I also use it under make-up . It keeps my skin from drying out over the winter . I was really worried about finding a product to protect my skin from wrinkles without causing breakouts . This absolutely is it for me . Same results on my hands - they look less dry and less wrinkled when I remember to use it . And , I put it in a small jar while I am traveling to keep that same great care going - even if I end up having to use the hotel soap.Very impressive product !
 I have had very dry skin and keratosis pilaris scince I was a child , and have tried everything from different creams from the dermatologist , smearing myself in vaseline , to rubbing the backs of my arms with apple cider vinegar -LRB- got rid of the bumps , but SMELLY ! -RRB- I had settled on a cetaphil-day , lac-hydrin-night combo , it kept my skin smooth but left me as red as a tomato , and the lac hydrin left me feeling sticky , like it never fully dried . I also had to remoisturize several times a day . If I did n't use lotion after washing my hands -LRB- every single time -RRB- my hands would crack and my cuticles would split almost instantly . My heels were rough and cracked , and no matter what I used , -LRB- pedi egg , heel miracle , burts bees -RRB- they would never heal.After getting a terrible sunburn from using lachydrin during the day , I decided to look for a new lotion , and the reviews on this seemed like it was worth a try . It is the best ! After using it twice a day for only 2 days , my heels feel like they are made of skin again , not rocks covered in sandpaper ! My hands feel moisturized throughout the day , even if I do n't use lotion immediately after washing them . I find that it is too heavy-feeling for my face , but if you use a small amount , it can be used on arms and legs , as it spreads quite easily despite its thick consistency . It is by far the best moisturizer I have ever used . Worth double the price , however they sell it two dollars cheaper at wallmart and wallgreens .
 This is good for someone who has sensitive and dry skin -LRB- it 's non-irritating -RRB- . -LSB- The lotion only quenches dry skin momentarily , within 10 minutes or so you need to apply more to attain the `` just moisturized feeling . '' When I did this a few times I noticed a slightly gritty build-up ; this is why I personally prefer the CeraVe Cream . -RSB- CeraVe Cream is far superior and leaves your skin soft , NOT greasy -LRB- notice they only sell cream in a tub or 2 oz . tube - not in a pump or larger tube , unfortunately -RRB- . I have severe skin problems -LRB- autoimmune psoriasis-type rashes -RRB- ; I use prescription medications under the CeraVe Cream , I apply the cream , then I use a barrier cream called Tetrix -LRB- made by Coria , the makers of CeraVe -RRB- . If you have problems with your hands I highly recommend you speak to your physician about Tetrix . It has become a lifesaver for me . The CeraVe cream has also been a wonderful component to having healthy hands for the first time in months.Nurse in Indiana
 I have had many skin problems , predominantly in my face and I ca n't even begin to tell how many different products I have tried , inclusive the ones which are $ 150 and up . My dermatologist recommended CeraVe cream and it has worked as a miracle product . I use both the cream and the hydrating cleanser for over a year now and have not had any major skin problems since then . Plus you ca n't beat that price for that quality product .
 I love this moisturizer ! It does what it claims ! I have been using La Mer for over 7 years . My skin is extremely dry and it was the ONLY moisturizer that works for me . After I found out CeraVe , I decided to give it a try . It is a big container . I have to admit my first impression was not good . The texture is more like whipping cream which I do n't like , it can easily get out of the container . . Also , when I applied it on my face , it felt weird . . Kinda sticky feeling . But the feeling goes away very quickly . After a while , it felt really light as if I did n't use anything ! But my skin feels comfortable and hydrated !! I also apply it on my legs and ankles . I noticed dramatic result since my leg is always chapped . . Now it looks smooth . . The only reason I give it 4 star instead of 5 is because I ca n't use makeup over it . . It cakes up my foundation so badly ... Since I do n't wear makeup that often , it does n't bother me that much !
 I have been using Differin for my acne and my skin started flaking and peeling really bad . It was also getting very sensitive . After searching online and reading reviews , I decided to go to Walgreens and pick this up . It is kinda pricy for a drugstore cream but completly worth it ! I applied it the first night and noticed a huge difference the next morning ! After a week , my skin has seen a 100 % improvement ! No flaking , peeling , burning at all . I have only been applying it at night time , and so it seems that this will last me a couple of months at least , so I 'm very comfortable with the price . Give it a try ! I love it , and you may too !
 Wow , this is amazing . I am allergic to everything , but I can use this . I am amazed at how well it works on the rough , dry skin I have on my feet , toes and elbows . One application made a difference . I highly recommend it .
 My pharmacist recommended CeraVe lotion for my toddler 's Eczema . He uses it on his kids who also have eczema . Once I applied it to her arm , it almost instantly cleared up the eczema ! The prescriptions from her pediatrician did n't do that in two weeks !!! It was just getting worse and worse ! I used it on my hands as well , and the next day they were still moisturized . It 's amazing stuff . No scent either . It 's just everyday lotion anyone can use ! My pharmacist said dermatologists are in love with the stuff , and I can see why . I 've never seen anything else work like this . We live in Utah too - an extremely dry state . We will be using this lotion exclusively - and every day . It really is a `` miracle '' cream !!!
 So happy to find a product that 's leaving my toddler 's eczema skin feeling better -- in just a week . We 've tried lots & lots of products and this has been a great one so far . Thanks !
 This product was one on a list my dermatologist recommended to me . It was the only one that I found worked in every way needed . I HATE to `` feel '' lotion sitting on my skin . This is the ONLY cream/lotion -LRB- I 've used both -RRB- that actually absorbs into my skin . It takes a few minutes but it is amazing . I definitely have seen an improvement in my eczema and I have noticed and improvement in my skin . It is softer and more moisturized now more than ever . I only use this product and no other lotions , and it works well on any part of the body . I do prefer the cream to the lotion . It works better to me and is thicker/more concentrated . I 've been using this product daily for over 4 years now . Oh and it lasts a long time too ! It works best when used immediately after baths or showers .
 We have been using CeraVe for years . We have sensitive skin and this product has worked the best . The CeraVe cream absorbs quickly . It also does n't seem to create a sweat barrier on my skin . This lotion has worked the best for my son since he was an infant . He lets me use this on him because it absorbs quickly .
 I 've had a nagging eczema for a few weeks now and have tried everything including Aquaphor . CeraVe made a difference within 3 days . This is definitely a potent moisturizer . I immediately notice if I miss an application .
 My skin is severely dry to the point where I develop eczema in the winter . So far this year , this cream has kept my skin happy without any expensive specialty products . It 's unscented and compared to most creams for dry skin , it 's not greasy .
 My son had a severe dry skin at his age around 2 year-old . His doctor recomended CeraVe to me . Before using this cream , I bought other creams such as Eucerine , Aveeno , and more . This cream was the best for my son . At present , he is almost 4 year-old and still using it daily .
 This cream was recommended by my dermatologist . I was thrilled to find it at Amazon.com and ordered two jars to avoid the shipping charges . The two jars were shipped separately - not sure why . The first jar arrived in good condition and I started using it immediately . I can see and feel the difference in my skin already - I LOVE this cream . Now to the second jar - it arrived several days later and fortunately the jar was sealed in a plastic wrapper because the lid of the jar was not fastened securely and the cream leaked out during shipment . I was able to return it free of charge -LRB- printed a free return UPS label on line -RRB- , but am still waiting for a refund . They could not send a replacement as it was not shipped directly from Amazon . So if/when I do get my refund , they 'll probably withhold shipping charges on the original order since the one jar I was able to use was less than $ 25 . So , even though I will continue to use this brand of cream , I 'm pretty sure I wo n't be ordering it from Amazon again .
 I have incredibly dry , irritated skin . I shave my legs every night and it makes them very irritated and itchy . This lotion calms my skin down instantly and keeps them soft and supple well into the next day . This lotion is extremely thick though , so I reccommend using it before bed , not before squeezing into skinny jeans !
 My little girl has eczema and gets rashes on her skin . I have tried everything - from over the counter to what the doctors prescribed - nothing took the redness and rashes away . That is , until I tried CeraVe . A friend from work recommended it and the same night I went to buy it at a drugstore . It is expensive but I thought , well , my little girl is worth it if it works . After just a few applications -LRB- I put it on her in the evening and in the morning -RRB- , the rash that was inside her elbow for several months -LRB- and that we treated with all kinds of things , including antibiotics -RRB- , is starting to disappear ! The skin in that area is becoming smooth -LRB- it was very rough -RRB- and light again -LRB- at times it looked completely inflamed and once even oozed -RRB- . I am completely marveled at how this cream works . I would not use anything else on my little one from now on . Try it for yourself , you will not regret it !
 Every winter I used to scratch my skin until it bled ! my son unfortunately was born with the same curse of dry skin and eczema . Non of the steroid creams and other prescription medication had a lasting effect . When he was 18 months old , I decided I could take this no longer . I honestly did not want my child dependant on all the prescription strength medication anyway . CeraVe was a heaven sent solution ! Recommended to us by a dermatologist whose wife uses the cream for eczema . The product helps mild to moderate eczema , and is fabulous for super dry skin . In my family , we use it twice daily . My itchy skin is no more , and my son 's eczema is gone ! The only con , the cream has kind of a slimy texture to it - but , I 'm willing to put up with it .
 I 've been suffering from dry skin on my legs for the past few years now , due to what I believe are the chemicals in our city 's water . Since I live in an apartment , a soft water system is not an option for me . I too was also a skeptic of this product , since I have tried everything from coconut oil , to Eucerin , Neutragena 's dry hands skin formula , even prescription lotions , and while some of these have helped to temporarily relieve the stress my skin is under , NONE of them have come close to this cream 's ability to maintain the balance my skin needs . I am simply ammazed how quickly my eczema and dry skin patches went away with this . In fact they are completely gone , and I 've only been using it a week now . I saw improvement with my skin 's appearance within two days , and felt improvement within the first 10 minutes of applying it . I actually just sent a link from amazon to my parents who also have dry skin around winter time . My boyfriend also tried it on his severely winter induced craked hands , and he 's going to buy some as well . He was so surprised how quickly it worked within the first application . His hands were completely soft . He was so happy it worked , he asked if he could take some home with him ! I am sure he will need several applications to repair the damage on his skin . This product is truly wonderful . I will definitely be recommending it to everyone I know that suffers from severe dry skin . I will be purchasing this again . Best moisturizing cream I 've ever found !
 Originally this was recommended to me from a pharmacist , who said it used to be prescription only . I was surprised at how well it absorbs in the skin and heals dry skin , even when I had a problematic dryness that would not go away . This stuff works ! Highly recommend it .
 My son has had issues with eczema since he was born and now is a year old . When it flares up , he literally has it on nearly every inch of his body . We have tried so many different lotions -LRB- Aveeno Eczema , Aquaphor , and Eucerin to name a few -RRB- and nothing has ever completely alleviated the problem . I try to avoid using steroid creams for any length of time . The director at my son 's daycare recommended Cerave and said how well it worked on her daughter 's eczema . I was pretty skeptical , but decided to give it a shot after a bad flare up my son had from a reaction to sunblock . After about five days of applying it once daily , my son 's eczema has disappeared . His skin has never looked so healthy . I know different treatments work for different people , but this one is definitely a winner for us .
 I had doubts about this product for curing my Eczema because I 've tried so many ointments and creams over the past year with no relief . In addition the label does not claim to be a cure for this irritating condition . However , after reading some of the reviews , I decided to try it as a last resort before going to a dermatologist . The results were amazing . Within one week of once daily applications , my Eczema began to disappear from my ankles . Within 3 weeks it was gone entirely . I use it in other dry skin places because it is so smooth . I think the 16 oz jar will last over a year .
 All the CeraVe products are 5 stars in my view . These products were recommended by my dermatologist for my dry skin and to provide SPF30 for my face.The facial moisturizer SPF30 is very light and greaseless ! The cream is a bit heavier than the lotion so I use it at night and on my body after my shower . This moisturizer has `` cured '' my dry flaky skin and splitting fingers , even my nails do n't chip as easily as they did . This change has occurred in only 3 wks so I look forward to more improvement with time.The ceramides and hyluronic acid are the key ingredients in this product and it 's cost reflects this . However , it gives the desired results that last longer than 10 minutes and you need very little of it to cover a sizable area . The facial moisturizer is measured out by the pump . One `` squirt '' easily covers your face and neck.Marlette in NE OH
 talk about getting a lot for a little . This moisture cream works under makeup , without makeup & a before bed super product .
 First Let me Say ... you can get the same 16-oz . jar at Walmart for $ 12 and change!Secondly , this is the best treatment for dry skin that I 've ever used . I am a 58 year-old male and have always had very dry skin . My hands looked as if I were 80 years old . I have been using the Cerave for about a month now . Once every two days , I will soap up and scrub the tops of my hands with a pot-scrubbing sponge , just to exfoliate . Then I try to use the Cerave 3 times a day . And I have found that putting on a second application after 30-60 minutes makes a big difference.So ... after a month , My hands look about five years younger . Hope that trend continues !
 I am 45 years old and have had exycema and dry skin all my life . I have tried several over the counter lotions and creams over the years . This is by far the best cream I have found and I am never going back to any of the others . I am very satisfied with the results and you ca n't even tell that I have dry skin or exycema anymore since I have been using it .
 My dermatologist recommended this cream for extremely dry skin and it has worked like a miracle . Unlike Cetaphil , Cerave is non-greasy and absorbs almost instanteously . Excellent product for my ultra-sensitive dry skin that I will purchase again and again .
 My daughter often complained of itchy skin , and was diagnosed with mild Eczema . She was given a prescription , and this cream was also recommended . As long as we remember to use this cream her skin stays very healthy and she rarely complains of itchiness . Even 12 hours after applying this cream her skin seams moisturized . Regular lotions does not do that .
 I 've read many reviews that say this cream is expensive . I do n't know what they are comparing it to , but I think it is an amazing bargain ! The tub is huge , and I paid $ 15 for it my at a local drugstore . Anyone who thinks that is cream expensive has never paid for top-of-the-line moisturizers and lotions . I 've been using Kiehl 's face cream , because it was the only thing that did not irritate my skin , and a small tub of that is $ 45 . I 'm very happy with this product and am also very happy to be saving a lot of money . It is also much more affordable than any prescription lotion , cream or ointment.This cream is non-greasy and non-irritating . Wonderful for my sensitive skin .
 I had had Seborrhoeic dermatitis since I was a kid , and many treatments histories . The last time I went to the specialist was because I felt my face scarred and red , that became in this way when I moved from a different climate -LRB- humidity conditions -RRB- . I started a treatment with Ketoconazole and I had good results , but every time I dropped the treatment thinking I was cured , the eczema appeared again . I was thinking that maybe the Ketoconazole cream for a long treatment would be a problem for my health too , so the last time I used it was complemented with CeraVe cream two times a day.I have to say that I dropped the Ketoconazole completely because applying on my face CeraVe one time a day in the morning was good enough for me . It seems to work even in my scalp . Due to my semi-bald hair cut , I could apply the cream on my head , and the eczema that usually gave me an intense itch and dandruff disappeared completely.I can say this is a very good product for the skin . Does not contains cosmetics or scent , and it is notably moisturizing . Now I can not live without this marvelous product that makes my skin look/feel better .
 This cream is absolutely amazing ! I moved from California to extremely dry Arizona . In California I could get away with minimal lotion because of the humidity , but now I can not drench my body enough . I tried baby oil , cetaphil , and coconut oil . Within an hour , my skin was cracked , itched , and hurt because it was so dry . In desperation I called my dermatologist and she recommended CeraVe . It was the best call I made . I immediately ran to CVS and bought two tubs . My fiance and I drench our body in the cream , felt instant relief , and by the next morning we saw and felt and a huge change . If you have dry , cracked , itchy , painful , and irritated skin because of dry weather please try this amazing cream . You will NOT be disappointed .
 i really like this cream that is why 5 stars it does what is says and not problems with my skin -LRB- which is so sensitive -RRB- i use it when i have drier skin . but also use it every where else it is really great
 Ive Suffered From Peeling Flaky Dry Skin And Red Blotches On My Face For About 8yrs After Trying A Acne Facial Wash -LRB- Stay Away From Neutrogena !!! -RRB- It Damaged My Face And Was The Cause Of My Dryness For All These Years , I Thought I Would Never Be Able To Get Rid Of It , Ive Tried Virtually Every Moisturizer Cream , Lotion , Even Lotion That Says Non Irritatant But Everyone Of Them Worked For Only an Hour And My Skin Would Go Blotchy And Dry Again And Some Would Make Me Break Out So Bad That I Wouldnt Want To Leave The House , After 8 Years Of Constant Embarrassment I Have FINALLY !! Found A Product That Works , Its Not Oily , It Doesnt Burn When I Put It On My Face , Fast Absorbtion And My Face Feels Perfectly Smooth All Day & Night And I Havent Had A Breakout Or Blotchy Flaky Skin On My Face In Weeks , Even My Friends Have Given Me Compliments On How My Complexion Is Now , In Almost A Decade Ive Never Had Anybody Say To Me `` Your Face Looks Incredible '' Well Now It Does And I Thank The Makers Of CeraVe To An Extreme Amount , I Got My Face Back And My Confidence = -RRB- P.S. To People Who See This , CeraVe Has Printable Coupons On Thier Website , Plus This Stuff Is Sold At Target , Walmart Etc. . For About $ 12 , Save Yourself The Shipping Fee An Extra $ 4.50 , Plus The Coupon , If You Have A Dry Skin Problem Dont Suffer And Wait For This Product
 I added this product to my skin care routine a few weeks ago , and I can honestly say Ive seen a major difference in not only the texture , but the overall health of my skin ! I , like many others here have suffered from mild eczema since I was a child , and my skin was definitely not in the best shape because of it . I tried so many other moisturisers from expensive creams to straight Vaseline . Nothing would take . I purchased this on a whim while at my local CVS and Im so glad I did!I apply this cream all over my body -LRB- but no too much ; a little bit really does go a long way -RRB- both in the morning after my shower , and at night right before I go to bed . And what a difference it 's made ! What I love most about this cream is how quickly it soaks in . Its not like a lot of other oils , where you have to stand around waiting for it to dry so you do n't stain your comforter or your clothes . I love it. : -RRB-
 I 've been suffering with what I thought was simply dry skin for at least 2 years now . I finall gave up and headed to the dermatologist -LRB- where it took longer to fill out the paper work than it did for him to diagnose me -RRB- to find out what it was.I learned I was `` suffering '' from eczema . It was n't usually so bad , but at times the skin on my knuckles or palm side of my thumb would peel off and be open to the world . Anyone that 's pulled off a top part of their skin , exposing nerves , will know that this is n't a pleasant experience , especially if you 're dealing with it 2-3 times a month in different areas of your hand.I had been usingLubriderm Advanced Therapy Smoothing Body Lotion , 13.5-Ounce Pump Bottles -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- , for extra dry skin , regularly . It helped somewhat but never seemed to relieve me to 100 % . I 'd say the best I ever got was 80 % and still suffered from occasional bouts of exposed nerves.The dermatologist recommended I switch to a cream and pointed me towards CeraVe Moisturizing Cream . Where the Lubriderm got me to 80 % , I 'd say CeraVe has easily gotten me to 95 % . I still have spots of pink on my fingers from the years of rough skin , but no longer do I suffer from peeling or cracked skin , which is all I really wanted.It is more expensive than a single bottle of Lubriderm , but you know what ? I 've been using it for over a month now and have had NO exposed nerves or cracked skin ! So this stuff , while it looks expensive , is worth every penny.Highly recommended .
 I am 45 years old and have had exycema and dry skin all my life . I have tried several over the counter lotions and creams over the years . This is by far the best cream I have found and I am never going back to any of the others . I am very satisfied with the results and you ca n't even tell that I have dry skin or exycema anymore since I have been using it .
 I found out about this product from www.makeupalley.com -- itwas given very high reviews , so I gave it a go . I am glad I did ! This lotion seems to sink right into my skin leaving it moisturized but not greasy . It has ` ceramide ' in it -- similar to Elizabeth Arden perhaps ? In any case , I use this cream everywhere -- face , throat , neck , hands etc. . Brilliant . -LRB- I am in my 50s ; I live in a very humid climate -RRB- .
 Like many others who 've written reviews , I 've suffered from eczema and dermatitis for many years . While many creams have made my skin softer , they did not keep the scaly patches of dry skin from reappearing . I happened upon Cera-Ve when I was buying facial cleanser and moisturizer . It was on sale , so I decided to give it a try . Just one use and I was hooked . I did some online research and discovered the moisturizing cream . After the first use I noticed a difference , and daily application has caused the scaly patches to disappear .
 My friend works in a derm office . she gave me a sample and i used it at night . I have dry hands during the winter . My skin turned from dry to soft . Took 2 days . i would highly recommend it for anyone
 This is a great product ! I 've heard about it from friends and I am very glad that I bought it !
 I chose this product even though there is another CeraVe listed at Amazon with the same content/quantity -LRB- 16oz -RRB- , but cheaper -LRB- USD 12.97 vs 20 -RRB- . The only difference I could find was the weisght , this was 1.5 pounds the other was 1 pound.The other one had not so good reviews and was listed as &#34; origin : China &#34; . The cream itself feels good , wont leave that oily feeling.The tub lacks any type of protective barrier when opened , making you wonder whether it is used and re-filled -LRB- ? -RRB- .
 Very nice , easily absorbed product . Perfect for these dry winter months ! I appreciate the fact that there is no scent -- just pure creamy product that goes everywhere -- even on my face !
 This is by far our favorite moisturizer . We were previously using those gel-based ones and I could n't stand how hard it was to wash my hands afterwards . We use it for our baby after a bath , and it keeps her skin feeling clean and smooth , as opposed to oily and slimy . Highly recommended .
 I use it every winter . Best moisturizer I have ever used . Definitely recommend it to anyone with a dry skin issue .
 I tried so many different types of lotion but none held a candle to CeraVe . My son 's pediatrician recently diagnosed him with eczema -LRB- he 's one -RRB- and she recommended this brand . I 'm so glad she did because it 's the only lotion/cream that has worked thus far . The rash is not completely gone but I 've never seen it smooth out this much ; it does n't have that &#34; angry &#34; red look anymore . However , I did notice that when I did n't use this product for a few days his rash went right back to looking angry and bumpy again . I will continue to use this product .
 Back a few years ago , I started to develop a really nasty dry skin . Scales , unbearably itchy legs , behind the knees , and the junk . Seriously , the worst part was the itchiness . Over several months , I tried almost every single moisturizing cream/lotion at the store , but nothing worked . Finally , I went to a dermatologist and recommended this to me and it 's worked wonders . No more itchy , dry , scaly skin !
 Dr. Oz recommended ceramides for fingertips and cuticles . I ordered -LRB- a bit dear -RRB- . It 's great - and I only use a tiny bit - just what 's stuck to the lid for the last two weeks . It 's in no way greasy , soaks in quickly , feels wonderful , and withstands a washing or two . I have had none of my usual winter cracks on fingers -LRB- Thank you -RRB- . And it feels great on elbows , too . If cost is no question , I highly recommend this un-scented cream for anyone with dry , cracking skin .
 I 'm very happy with this cream . I use it on my feet at night ... especially my heels . All of the cracks on my heels have gone away ... amazing since I have tried so many other treatments before with results no where near this good . Not sure if this is totally the result of the cream since I also starting using a pumice stone on my heels at the same time . But I have to give this cream at least some of the credit because I have used pumice stones in the past without this great of a result . Maybe it 's a combination of the two . I have been using this jar for almost 6 months now , and there is still about a quarter of a jar left , so it lasts a very long time . I like that it does n't have a fragrance . I 'm pretty sure I will order more when this jar is empty .
 Eczema gone this is an amazing product not to greasy actually not at all everyone who has kids with dry skin should get this product ... wish it was cheaper
 I 'm something of a cream expert , in that I 've bought and tried hundreds of varieties ... This thick , non greasy emollient really does something different . The rash on my wrist immediately became less itchy and the tenderness between my fingers went away . I 've been using it on my heels and elbows too , with almost immediate results , my elbows are definitely smoother and so are my feet . Everything feels better because my fingers tips are smoother and more sensitive . My cuticles are less dry and apt to bleed and even my nails are stronger . Really , it 's a miracle cream!I use it frequently , it wo n't last long but I will definitely reorder ! And I only bought it through Amazon recommendations . So well done there too ...
 Love this product . My wife 's dermatologist suggested it for dry skin for her . She used it for a month and kept telling me how great it was . I have very dry skin , so gave it a try . It is thick , but not greasy and absorbs really fast . Great product and have purchased multiple tubs .
 I read good reviews before purchasing this item and I am glad I decided to get it ! This moisturizer works wonders . My hands are never dry anymore . After buying this , I bought their face lotion and facial cleanser too and love them both also !! I 'm very impressed -LRB- and the company does n't test on animals ! -RRB- .
 This was recommended to me by my dermatologist to help treat and prevent my outbreaks of eczema . This is truly a miracle cream ! It works perfect on my eczema rashes and relieves the uncomfortable itching from it . I also have really dry skin on my face that i have treated before with pure cocoa butter . It took 2 weeks for the cocoa butter to really relieve the dryness and flaking on my face . The first day i used this CeraVe cream , i felt instant results . It keeps my skin so soft and moisturized the entire day . And it is n't anywhere near as greasy and oily as the cocoa butter . Cracked and dry heels are a also a thing of the past for me thanks to CeraVe . I have nothing else to add that has n't already been said about this product . I would definitely recommend this to anyone . I just wish i had heard of this sooner !
 After a VERY unsuccessful attempt to treat my son 's eczema with natural remedies , our derm suggested this cream . It was n't that I was opposed to `` main stream '' treatments , it 's just that so many raved about the California Baby stuff , and it was the only thing my son did n't say burned . Well it did not work for us . He ended up with a staph infection requiring antibiotics and back on the icky prescription ointment for the eczema . Once the ointment got things calmed down , we switched over to this - and we LOVE it . It it very easy to apply - I can just rub the extra into my hands like hand cream , it 's not so greasy you need to wash it off . It soaks in nicely . It does n't burn . And his legs are SO soft now . I wish I had known about this stuff years ago . I ca n't believe I never heard of it until now . Our derm 's office sells it for cheaper than here , and I found it for even less at a certain red circled chain store . Even at the price listed here , though , it 's reasonable for how well it works and how pleasant it is to use . I 'm hoping this becomes our # 1 weapon against eczema .
 I just started using Sebamed products , which are very good , when a friend mentioned CeraVe to me . CeraVe is superior to the both the sensitive skin and baby products that Sebamed produces because CeraVe does n't have perfume . It also forms a long-lasting protective layer on my skin . My eczema is under better control than it has been in many years . I recommend it highly not only because it works , but because it is reasonably priced .
 We have tried several products to relieve my son 's eczema . This product helped tremendously in less than 12 hours . Prior to using this cream , his skin was rough , scaly , itchy and dry . He put this on before going to bed . The next morning his skin was smooth and clear . It was absolutely amazing ! Highly recommend !!
 This cream is awesome it takes care of drynesss with out clogging your pores i have very sensitive skin and have no problems with it.try it is worth every penny . i have bought creams for 3 times this amount that did nothing . and you can use it all over your body it is really nice has no smell or greasy after effect like some creams . . love it !!!! and i have roscea and believe me it helps it
 My dermatologist &#34; prescribed this moisturizng cream . It is fabulous ... so far.Of course , it 's the most recent in a long list of recommended moisturizers .
 Our pediatrician recommended this product for our son when he was six months old . He is now almost two and we still use it especially in the winter for his dry skin . The is very little smell and the cream goes on smoothly . The only draw back I have with this product is the cream does not come in a pump dispenser . That would really help when handling this with a small child .
 I first heard of this product from my dermatologist . I got a handful of samples from her and have been using it since . It 's great for my sensitive skin , and is my go-to for moisturizers . Definitely helps with Keratosis pilaris and eczema more than other lotions although lotions alone will not eliminate either problem . For the former , I heard genetics is the culprit and there is not real ` cure ' . For the latter , it was managed by a combination of this cream , over the counter hydro-cortisone , and allergy pills .
 This cream is amazing . My 7 yr old had a horrible 2 year eczema nightmare from head to toe . Once we started Cerave -LRB- we were living in Australia at the time and it was not sold there so we flew it in -RRB- , within days we started seeing a big difference and within 2 months of using it 2x per day , our eczema was 100 % gone . I can not urge parents enough to try this cream . By the way , it did sting his skin for about 30 seconds to 1 minute the first several days , -LRB- in the way bactine stings when you spray a booboo -RRB- , but I carried on and bribed him with a treat to be cool about it . And after a few days , about the time I actually could see a big difference , it no longer stung on application . Very worth getting through that short uncomfortable time .
 My two young boys both have eczema . I 'd tried many different lotions and ointments , but Cerave is the only one that works for them . If they have a flare-up -- a patch of bumpy , red skin , I put Cerave on it twice a day for a couple of days and it ends up healed . I love it for my very dry hands . My husband is very picky about lotion and refused to use it for years , but likes Cerave . He uses it on rash-y skin , but I 've even caught him using it on his hands just because they felt dry .
 At age 60 I have had severe atopic dermititis since I was about ten years old and have had the help of many caring health care providers over the years . I have tried numerous treatments to get relief - steroids -LRB- oral and creams -RRB- , anahistamines , moisturizers , Protopic and Elocon , elimination diets , supplements , moisturizing baths , detoxification , acupuncture , yoga , behavior modification , stress reduction meditation and light treatments at Mass General Hospital and Beth Israel Hospital in Boston . I have benefited , and still benefit from several of these treatments , but my skin is very scarred , and I had not found a moisturizer which really restored my skin to a more balanced state until I began using CeraVe about a year ago.Cerave is probably the single most effective treatment I have found for reducing inflammation and strengthening the skin barrier . -LRB- And compared to other treatments I have had , what a bargain ! -RRB- I am not aware of any side effects . Skin improvement began the first week I used it . My skin is softer and more supple , ichthyosis and scaling are way down , redness has abated considerably -LRB- though not entirely -RRB- , and the horrible itching is a minor distraction now . I have had fewer outbreaks of staph infections , and - most remarkable - I look healthier and am comfortable most of the time . In addition I am more focused mentally , more rested , and less prone to depression . These results are amazing given my history . I do need to use CeraVe at least twice daily to maintain its benefits , which seem to include immune system strengthening . And there is one frustrating area not responding very well to this treatment - my face -LRB- not the area I would choose if I had to have one problem area -RRB- . Overall though , with the itching way down , I am more relaxed and happier than I have been in years . I hope others with my condition will find this cream as as helpful .
 I have a 21 month old and a 6 month old who suffer from eczema . Of course we have been through various mosturizers looking for `` the one '' . I have found this product to be lighter and easliy absorbed into the skin better than most cream moisturizers . It also does n't leave a residue like most . I had been using Cetaphil cream up until I tried this , which was first recommended by a dermatoligist . I prefer this cream above any other I have tried thus far . It adds moisture to their skin and I saw an improvement in two days .
 I have a four year old son with eczema , and Cera Ve was recommended by the dermatologist . It has pretty much cured the eczema . We rarely need to use the prescription cream now . The difference in his skin is truly amazing . I love this stuff ! After seeing how much my son 's skin improved , my mother also purchased some just to help with her dry skin , and she thinks it 's great also . Well worth the expense !
 I normally do not write reviews but this product helped me so much that I really want to help others . I spent $ 30 . for a copay to see a Dermatologist about this eczema , flaky dried skin and redness on my forehead and $ 65 on some ridiculous cream -LRB- doctor prescribed -RRB- that did not work . What a waste , told my sister she said her whole family uses this cream and it worked for them on eczema , cracked skin , dry areas , etc. . So I tried it not expecting that much . WOW !!! First I spent a ton of money on aloe creams , Cetaphil soap , Cetaphil moisturizer and Cetaphil cream plus others . I spent close to $ 200 , total waste of time and money on all the soaps and creams . The Cetaphil cream was kind of greasy but not as bad as others . But this product is a miracle !!! No Joke ! Only $ 15 at walgreens or cvs and cheaper if your not in a hurry from Amazon . Worth every penny ! The jar is a one pound jar you can choke a horse with all this cream , just put it on very lightly and it will not be greasy , again use lightly can always add more . Cleared up my forehead in days . This is incredible , cheap and works . You ca n't ask for more . I try to use it twice a day morning and night . No more staring from people . Thanks for a great product !!!
 My son has bad eczema and we 've been through tons of different creams including prescription creams recommended by his pediatrician . We went to a pediatric dermatologist and she recommend cerave . Right away , we noticed a big difference in our son 's skin . Usually , I would slather on aquaphor/eucerin , etc. , and less than an hour later , his skin was back to feeling like sand paper . With the cerave , his skin stays hydrated , moist , soft , and supple all day without feeling greasy . I recommended this to a friend of mine whose daughter also suffers from eczema and she loves it , too . I recommended this to my mom who suffers from severe dry skin and uses creams that cost over $ 100 that she has to reapply throughout the day to keep her face hydrated . She used it one day and she noticed a big difference right away . She said her face stayed hydrated all day and she felt no need to reapply . Even my husband who has suffered from eczema all his life and thought he knew everything about how to take care of his eczema and what creams were best was impressed . And now he tells everyone about this cream , too . If you suffer from dry skin , look no further . This is the cream for you . It is absolutely the best thing out there .
 For Nineteen smackers and change , this is way overpriced for what I truly believe to be a great product . Get it from Costco instead , where the pharmacy will order it for you for less than thirteen . You will pay for your membership after 7 refills .
 I have pretty bad eczema , and this winter I 've been using a prescription cream followed by CeraVe on my hands at night - I wear cotton gloves to bed , and after a few days my hands started to look and feel almost like a normal person 's . It 's been kind of life-changing - I can actually squeeze a lemon with my bare hands without being in terrible pain from broken skin . Chopping garlic ? No problem ! Cleaning the bathtub without rubber gloves ? Bring it on ! -LRB- These things may not sound like such a big deal to people without eczema . . -RRB- This product absorbs so quickly that I was initially skeptical about its ability to do anything . In general I find that most moisturizers are either too watery , so they feel nice at first but then evaporate and lose effectiveness , or too oily , so they might help over the long term but do n't make my skin feel any better when I first put them on . CeraVe is one of the only moisturizers I 've found that strikes a perfect balance - it does n't make my skin feel oily or itchy after application , but my skin still feels soft and protected up to 12 hours later.My one caveat is that it 's so non-greasy that it feels a little unsatisfying - my skin problems meant that I spent pretty much my entire childhood slathered with Vaseline , and I 've realized that I actually find being covered in a thick , sticky , oily cream kind of comforting . But that 's neither here nor there ; this cream really works.I think there is something to this whole ceramide thing - I like CeraVe a lot more than Eucerin , Neutrogena Norwegian Formula , Aquaphor , and other comparable products . TriCeram -LRB- tried to insert product link but it does n't seem to be sold on Amazon anymore -RRB- works really well too , but not necessarily better than CeraVe . Also , it smells kind of funny and is really expensive .
 despite living in a humid environment , my skin is constant need of hydration . I tried every cream/oil in the market and the effects did not last longer than the application . With CERAVE cream , there is no oily feeling and the cream actually helps repair the skin , within days . There is a significant difference ... finally .
 I have very sensitive skin , and very oily skin , with breakouts . I 'm 54 and also using Retin-A every night . This cream is wonderful . Like other reviewers , I have tried many different products , most of them very expensive . CeraVe sinks into the skin and does n't cause any breakouts . It also does n't make my skin any oilier . I 'm very impressed with the texture and effects of this cream . Please give it a try . It 's nice to find something that works that does n't cost a fortune . I also use the cleanser that works very well also . It cleans without stripping your face and does n't cost an arm and leg . It works well for oily and sensitive skin .
 It was a pleasure to deal with this com.This product exited my expectation 's . description was correct.So I give this product an A + .
 My wife has tried many expensive face creams . This procduct seems to be as good or better than creams costing much more . . She is very satisfied with product ...
 I have used this product for quite some time and it is my favorite as far as a hand cream , for general use . My only complaint is packing . The two jars were put into seperate plastic bage . -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- but then put into a box , much larger than necessary , that allowed them to roll around . By the time They arrived , one of the tops on one of the jars came off and about 1/3 of the product was lost inside the plastic bag . What a mess .
 CeraVe Moisturizing Cream 16 oz -LRB- 453 g -RRB- : CeraVe moisturizing cream by Coria is supposed to moisturize , restore and maintain a protective skin barrier , controlled release and be non-comedogenic . OK ... what does non-comedogenic mean . Non-comedogenic cosmetic are products which have been tested on the oily skins of human volunteers or inside rabbit ears . These products are less likely to cause blackheads -LRB- open comedones -RRB- or whiteheads -LRB- closed comedones -RRB- in patients . However , no single product is non-comedogenic to everyone.For example , a person with very oily skin may still get breakouts from products that another person with mildly oily skin may find non-comedogenic . A better term may be non-acnegenic rather than non-comedogenic , but this is not so widely used . It is important to test the new product on your own skin than rely on the label , before using it freely.Controlled release means that the product will incorporate into the skin at a slow pace , with this it is a protectant -LRB- skin barrier -RRB- , the ceramides are slower to be absorbed by the skin . Thus , a more frequent use is required to get the desired absorption into the skin for the desired hydration and moistuization.CeraVe ingredients are
 Cerave is amazing . First time trying it and I love it . But , it did n't come with a protective seal ??? Not sure if it was supposed to .
 My purchase went perfically , the product , price , delivery were all exactly as advertised . All went really really well . Thank You !
 I am very athletic and I go swimming a lot . I would say an hour after putting on this product , your skin is very slippery . While getting out of a pool holding onto the rail or climbing out , my legs and hands had me slip right back into the pool . I see that the substance obviously retains moisture but I would n't think this stuff would work as a `` water-proof '' type of cream . Other then that , it 's sensitive to eczema skin and does leave it supple and soft .
 I have to admit that I was n't surprised that my 3 year old has eczema considering her daddy is also prone to that condition . Read the good reviews here and tried this cream not only for myself but for my daughter as well . This cream worked wonders and is one of the cheapest alternatives I have used . Our flare outs if not cleared the following day , diminished considerably . I am definitely amazed and a believer . Now I realized that it does n't need a full blown advertisement for a product to be good . Nice for the reviewers here in Amazon , I was able to find a worthy product . Now going to the hard task of persuading the wife to let go of her expensive creams ...
 I bought Cerave Cream for a friend whose little boy , almost three-years old , has suffered with eczema since very young . She was reluctant to give him the steroids recommended by her doctor because of his age and her fear of steroids . She used this cream for about two weeks and the results were much better than anything she has used previously . The cream applies easily , is quickly absorbed , is not oily and gives quick results .
 My skin has had breakouts for as long as I can remember . Nothing helped and I almost gave up . I bought Cerave because of the good reviews and I just wanted to try it out for moisturizing purpose . I had no idea it would also help my pimple problems ! But it did for some reason and I have no idea how ! Now I 'm using it everyday day and night , my skin is more and more smooth . Even if I still have breakouts once in a while , it seems to cure the area really fast . It is a saver to me , thanks Cerave !!
 My dermatologist recommended this for my very dry skin . After reading the reviews , I went to Costco , as suggested by one reviewer , and asked them to order it for me . It only took a day or so , and the price is $ 12.50 . I use it all over , but you have to let it dry for a few minutes . The last time I saw my dermatologist , she commented on how supple my skin was . I 'm sticking with CeraVe .
 I 've suffered from eczema for almost 20 years and have tried so many lotions and moisturizers through the years and nothing has worked very well . I would always need to put more on 5 minutes later.I 've been using Cerave cream for about 6 months or so and it has kept my skin moisturized and really soft . My skin seems to clear up a bit also.I had gotten lazy for awhile and stopped using it . My skin went back to being really dry and flacky . After the first use my skin was feeling better again.I put it on at least once to twice a day and I 'm good to go.It 's not greasy and you do n't need to put a ton on . I 've also noticed that it works better for shower wise to wait till you are dry -LRB- or at least mostly dry -RRB- then put it on instead of putting it on white still damp.I have read that the moisterizer is better than the lotion I do n't know since I 've only tried the moisturizer.My dad who has psoriasis is using it now also and it is helping him too .
 Received promptly and appropriately packaged . This product was recommended by a dermatologist for our grandchild . I have since purchased it for myself . Not greasy or oily . Works great .
 I 've had eczema since I was a kid and once I hit 25 , my skin also became very sensitive . There are several cleansers , lotions , sunscreens and make-up brands that make my skin burn or turn splotchy and red . I got a CeraVe sample from my dermatologist -- both the lotion and the cream . It immediately replaced my moisturizer . It was summer time so I used the lotion first and bought a full size . Then winter rolled around and I started feeling like the lotion was n't enough . I pulled out the cream sample , loved it and went to buy the full size too . I never transitioned back to the lotion -- the cream just seems to go further for me.After 2 and a half years using this , my skin is healthy and hydrated . I use it everyday in the morning and at night . Because it 's a little expensive , I only use it on my face but in the winter , I spot treat dry patches on my arms and legs and I like to rub the leftover on my hands . I put it on my husband 's face too after he shaves and he likes it a lot .
 Very pleased with this product as it works well to prevent my skin from drying out which most moisturizers do n't do well .
 While I have n't been formally diagnosed , I suspect I have a mild case of eczema . The itching was irritating and the scaly skin patches were disgusting , but using this product makes a tremendous difference . It 's still there , but it so well reduced that only I can see it . It also does n't itch anymore . It 's not a cure , but it is much better than cortizone or neosporin , which is what I had been using previously .
 This cream cleared up my 8 month old daughter 's excema in 2 days , as quick as any steroid cream we 've tried and leaves her skin so soft . I know that this is expensive but a tub lasts a long time and it is so worth it .
 I have very dry skin and am allergic to fragrances so finding an ideal moisturizer has been a problem . This cream is inexpensive and does a great job . My skin feels silky smooth . It absorbs well and is n't greasy feeling .
 I got a diagnosis of hand excema almost two years ago . For a while I used steroid tape whichhelped in the short term ; but the symptoms just return if I do n't use the drug every day.Once I started using this product the skin on my hand my skin has stopped crackingand itching . The skin has returned to normal but it 's far better since I 've been using this cream.Your results may be different.And this is a lot cheaper then most prescription drugs .
 I put this on my face in the morning since I have dry skin . Keeps my face nice , with no grease or anything . And the amount of cream in here will last for ages ! I 've had it for 5-6 months and have n't even used 1/8 of it .
 This was recommended to me by a fellow amazon customer because I did a review and mentioned my daughter had acne but very dry skin . Since I trust you all to lead me to the right products I ordered right away . We 've been using this for a week and I can not believe the change . My son 's excema inside his elbows is all but gone and we 've been struggling with it for months . My teen daughter has bad acne but everything we use causes her skin to dry out - and she has dry skin originally!She uses this at night and it has been absolutely fantastic . In just a week her skin looks loads better . I can not recommend this highly enough - it 's a nice size jar for your money . It does n't smell and goes on skin easily - no greasy feel either!P.S . This also works great on feet !
 I am very please with this product . I have an oily face but have reached that age where there are dry spots . CeraVe is not oily to my skin at all and I use it on my face , hands , elbows and even my knees . Love it !
 This cream was recommended to me because I get horrible cracks in my hands every winter ... I can be writing something , and realize that my skin has spontaneously split open and I am bleeding on the paper ! I 've tried all the super heavy duty hand creams out there , without notable success , but CeraVe healed my worst cracks in just a couple of days !
 My daughter had eczema really bad as a baby and fortunately has since grown out of it , but while she was being treated by a pediatric dermatologist they recommended we use this moisturizer on her . All I can say is it is AMAZING ! When we went back to her regular pediatrician she could n't believe what beautiful skin my daughter had ! I use it on both my daughters now , I put it all over their skin after baths and their skin is flawless ! I use it on myself too !
 My 3 year old son still suffers from mild to moderate eczema . We were using Eucerin/Aquafer , as well as the Borage lotions and none worked as well as this !
 My 3 year old son has severe ezcema . This summer it was so bad it was everywhere and he was scratching himself like crazy . Within a week of using CeraVe it was under control and 2 weeks later it 's almost completely gone . I 've started using this on my dry skin -LRB- especially my dry feet -RRB- . It 's really amazing how it soaks in and seems to actually change the skin . So glad the doctor recommended this !
 I like that the cream has no fragrance and absorbs well without being greasy . I almost tossed it out because there was no seal on the jar , but decided to use it as a body lotion only . It 's a shame because this is the only reason that I will not purchase it again .
 Delivery time was excellent ! My dermatologist recommended this product and gave me samples . The samples worked wonderful so I ordered this in a larger size . It 's fine , but not as great as the samples I received . I would n't order it again because of the price .
 Everyone raves about this and so do I ! My dermatologist recommended it when I had a rash on my arms and I 've use it ever since . I 'm mid-50 's and my face tends to break out from just about any moisturizer - I 'm worse than a teenager ! But I use this on my face regularly and it 's an absolute dream . I ca n't believe I found it .
 of course - the pimples transition into wrinkles ! this cream is great , especially if you have adult acne and now even wrinkles . does n't cause breakouts - use it in conjunction with tazorac retin A cream.a great value !
 I 've been looking for a good moisturizer to go along with ZNP bar that I use for my seborrheic dermatitis . The ZNP works like a charm but leaves my skin dry . After purchasing Cerave at the local drup store , I no longer wake up with dry flaky skin . Every other moisturizing product leaves my skin irritated and red .
 This product was advised by my Dermatology Clinic.I wish I 'd known about it before I wasted time and money on products that did n't work!It has helped me tremendously to overcome and control my chronic dry and sensitive skin.I 'm grateful that it is available over the counter for continued use .
 Having read up on Retin A and how initially it makes your skin extremely dry and peely , I decided to use a gentle moisturizing cream . I wait an hour each night after applying the Retin A 0.025 % so that the Cerave cream does n't dilute the effect of the Retin A , then gently apply this . I am very happ with this cream - it has not caused any pimples and my skin feels good each morning after using it .
 This is amazing !! my skin was so dry i started using Vaseline but this is lighter and holds moisture better than any products i have ever tried . This was recommended by a dermatologist and does not try out my skin or cause my frequent breakouts ! This is a product for all skin types : -RRB-
 I LOOOOOVE this cream !!! I was looking for something that would help with my 1 year old daughters eczema and my sister told me about this . She used it as a moisturizer on skin prone to breakouts and raved about it . Luckily she e-mailed me a link with the reviews or otherwise I probably would have never bought it . My first thoughts were that it was a bit spendy , but after reading the reviews decided to try it out not expecting much.Well , I can say that within a few days I noticed improvement and after a few weeks her eczema was almost completely clear . Her skin previously was very splotchy and red in all her creases bumpy on her stomach and back and it was so bad under her neck that her skin was splitting and getting infected . We have been using it since and honestly her skin is practically perfect . She has a few occasional very small bumps , but nothing compared to how it was and I do n't have to use steroids , prescription meds. , hydrocortizone etc.The texture of the cream feels heavy enough that it is not watered down , but so soft when it is on , and rubs in completely so you do n't have to worry about it getting all over furniture , clothing etc. . I have started using it myself quite a bit too because I love how it feels on my skin . We have very dry air where I live and it helps keep my skin smooth during winter months when it is extra dry.The only other things I use on my daughters skin in conjunction with Cera Ve are Dreft detergent -LRB- which we have used since she was born -RRB- and Loreal Super Squirt 2 in 1Bodywash -LRB- which I got the same time as Cera Ve so I did n't know which was clearing the exzema until I stopped using Cera Ve for about a month or two and the eczema came back . I bought it again recently and it is clearing up again . Either way these products all seem to be a good combination for us especially the Cera Ve.Dreft 2x Ultra Baby Liquid Laundry Detergent , 50-Ounce -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- -LSB- Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging -RSB-
 Before bed , I tried the CeraVe Moisturizing Cream on the left side of my face and around my left eye , while I tried Olay Age Defying Intensive Nourishing Night Cream on the right side of my face and Olay Age Defying Eye Gel around my right eye . In the morning , the left side of my face -LRB- where I used the CeraVe product -RRB- was softer and more moisturized , even around my left eye . I bought the CeraVe product at Target for $ 12.99 and the Olay products at CVS for a little more since there are two of them -LRB- about $ 10 each -RRB- . Keep in mind that CeraVe comes in a 16 oz jar while Olay comes in a 2 oz jar -LRB- the eye gel is half an oz -RRB- . I personally will stick with CeraVe for night time use . However , if you are allergic to parabens beware . CeraVe does contain parabens while the Olay products do n't . CeraVe is accepted by the National Eczema Association though . It 's your call .
 This stuff really has worked great on my usually severely chapped hands this winter . They get so bad sometimes that they crack and bleed , but since using the CeraVe every night before bed , they are nothing but happy hands ! I think this stuff is great , and only wish that they would take the yucky parabens out of the ingredients , as I am trying to make a real effort to use more natural , paraben-free products , so they lose a star on that account . But you know what , it is worth it to not have painful sore hands all day long , so I figure it is a trade off that makes sense for me . Highly recommend !
 My daughter has had issues with her skin since birth
 My skin feels softer.Referred by a derm . I bought it for skin repair and am very happy with the results . My skin and face feel softer , and I gave this to my mom who has dry , flaky skin and literally overnight there was 95 % improvement in her skin . What an amazing cream.Here 's some of what the web sight said - `` Ordinary moisturizing creams need to be applied frequently because the ingredients are released in a single `` burst '' and absorbed in a short period of time . Like all CeraVe Skin Care products , CeraVe Moisturizing Cream offers the benefits of unique , patented MVE delivery technology , which provides a controlled release of essential ceramides and other skin-nurturing and protective ingredients slowly over time . It penetrates deep into the skin to moisturize and nourish skin throughout the day while `` locking in '' precious moisture . `` The unique ingredients in CeraVe Moisturizing Cream help restore and maintain the natural protective function of the skin barrier , help restore damaged skin , and help keep skin healthy . '' -LRB- from -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- I 'd like to add usually when I take a shower Im looking for moisture from a product for my skin , well now I notice my skin is so much softer that i dont need it . Im acutally testing it on a liver spot to see if it will help it . Like so many other reviewers I highly reccomend .
 This is one of the best moisturizers available . Most so-called moisturizers actually work by trapping moisture against the skin -LRB- which is why we recommend patients apply them within 3 minutes of a bath/shower -RRB- . Cerave actually contains a bio-chemical that is naturally produced by the skin -LRB- ceramides -RRB- . That means you 're immersing the skin in something it knows it likes , which is in contrast to occlusive `` moisturizers '' that just trap in moisture . I use this cream on my face and hands , but of course you can put it anywhere you have dry skin . Another class of moisturizers I recommend are those based on lactic acid , such as Carmol , Am-Lactin and Lac-Hydrin . If price is really an issue , consider an older class of moisturizers that includes Cetaphil or its generic equivalent .
 I put CeraVe on when I get out of the shower and it significanly improved the health of my skin . I have very dry skin , but it is much better now that I use CeraVe .
 My face is dry and sensitive ... getting more so with the passing years . I 'm a `` product junkie '' and , though careful what I use , especially on my face , I will try new things.My face pulls a lot of red , especially in the cheeks . Not attractive , espeically if you want to go make-up free for the day . You name it , I 've tried it and the last product I bought for redness was Aveeno Calming Lotion . It did n't do a thing for me and , oh yeah , it is loaded with sunscreen which my face can not tolerate at all . The fumes from it make my eyes irritated and watery all day whenever I wore it.I know everyone preaches sunscreen , and I 'm not against it but for it . However , if you are very sensitive like I am , the stuff is just an irritating nightmare to have on your face , neck and anywhere near your eyes.Besides Aveeno not helping my redness , I was on the hunt again for something ... Enter Cerave.After reading the awesome reviews on Amazon here , I decided to try it . Strange that when I decided to buy it I seemed to catch commercials for it on T.V. ... something I never saw before.Anyway , WOW ! What a fabulous cream for your face , around your eyes -LRB- did n't irritate at all -RRB- and neck ... and anywhere!Do not be mislead by the word `` cream '' . I think sometimes when you hear that , you think `` heavy '' , `` greasy '' , `` sits on top '' . Not so with marvelous Cerave!This product is stellar . It not only feels cool , comforting and creamy , but it sinks right into your face and neck -LRB- and anywhere else you need it , too -RRB- . I 've tried other products that sink right in , only to have my face and neck feel dried out not too long after.Not so with marvelous Cerave.It sinks in , but hydrates your skin so wonderfully . Let 's face it , the top layer of our skin gets assaulted all day and all night with heat during the cold months , sun and wind , stress ... you name it . That top , protective barrier on our skin needs protection ! And it needs something that sinks in and helps it say hydrated all day and night . This is your product!It is marvelous on make-up free days , or under your make-up . If you prep your skin and help it to be moist before you put make-up on , it goes on much better and helps to protect your skin , too.I ca n't say enough about it . I returned my new bottle of Aveeno to the store and got my $ 16.00 bucks back . Cerave is all I use now . I ca n't believe how it has helped my redness , helps my dry , sensitive skin stay moist all day , and helps my face to look `` even '' , not blotchy and red - even when I go make-up free.If you have beautiful skin , you can go make-up free with confidence . I love make-up ... I 'm a real `` girlie-girl '' , but when I choose not to wear it for whatever reason , I want my skin to look fresh , lovely and even . Cerave helps me do that.I just love this product . I think you will too .
 Every winter great tragedy strikes the skin on my body , as it responds to the PacNW weather by announcing itself to be allergic to everything . I 've been diagnosed with atopic dermatitis , eczema , shingles , and psoriasis . In addition to feeling like some skin scaled mutant recently released from a neighboring planet and suffering from amnesia , the pain from my skin is enough to prevent sleep -- and lack of sleep makes all skin disorders worse , in addition to informing irrational crying jags and accusations lobbed at strangers in the grocery store . This is where it gets even more interesting
 I 'm middle aged , and have dry skin that needs some kind of moisturizer . My hands and feet are especially prone to drying and cracking if I do n't remember to apply moisturizer . I 've used every kind of lotion and body butter out there , but had n't found the one I really loved . My sister told me about CeraVe Moisturizing Cream , and I 'm so glad I tried it.I apply this cream at night , right before bed . It absorbs quickly , and leaves my skin hydrated and soft , and the effect lasts 24 hours -LRB- except on my hands , due to washing them -RRB- . It 's made a big difference in the skin on my arms and legs , bringing back the skin I had in my 30s . For my feet , I use Theraplex FT every other night , as they need more than even CeraVe can deliver.I like that CeraVe soaks in quickly and that it comes in a big container that lasts me a month or more . I do n't have sensitive skin or allergies , so I do n't have to be careful about ingredients , but CeraVe is free of dyes and perfumes , and it 's noncomedogenic -LRB- it wo n't block pores -RRB- . THIS is the moisturizer I 've been looking for . I 'll continue to buy and use CeraVe as long as they make it .
 I love this cream !!! My dermatologist recommended using it . It is so rich and creamy . One of the things I love the most is it is unscented . I am allergic to so many perfumes and scents , it is hard to find products that are not loaded with fragrance . It quickly became my favorite cream !
 I have been using this for a couple of years as it was recommended to me by my dermatologist . Yes , the packaging is boring , but this product is great for face and body . I have been suffering with acne and this is the only product that does not irritate the skin . Sometimes I get bored with the fragrance and just add a few drops of essential oil - orange , rose , whatever I like . Great under make-up , great overnight . Great under your medication cream . You will want to supplement this cream with anti-aging serums . Yes , it is a bit expensive , but it is way cheaper than buying a face cream at Sephora . I can not recommend this product enough .
 This lotion is very thick , but you can rub it in all the way . You could use a ton of it if you want . It moisturizes well , has no scent , and I had no adverse reactions to it . It 's a great lotion if you want a lot of lotion to soak into your skin .
 Excellent moisturizing cream for dry skin and reduced the appearance of dark spots on the skin .
 This product is amazing . I have been suffering on my hands from Dermatitis for almost 15 years . From time to time it flares up and I was using steroid ointment - but was n't very effective and when I went off the ointment the dermatitis came right back . With Cerave I put it on twice a day and have discontinued the steroid ointment . I ca n't believe how quickly it worked . I only stumbled across this product because of other people 's reviews , but I am going to make sure my Allergist knows about it .
 I have tried Cerave products for my son who is eczema-prone , and all three products have done wonders for him -LRB- I didnt have much luck with Eucerin , Cetaphil etc -RRB- .
 This is a very rich moisturizer and a great value . One of the best I have tried .
 My wife is very pleased with this cream . Keeps skin moist and soft without greasy feeling . Got it first from Amazon when it was not widely available . Getting it now locally without shipping charge .
 My youngest was diagnosed with moderate to severe eczema at around 4 months of age . Her eczema is much improved now , but Cerave was and is part of her moisturizing regimen as prescribed by her pediatric dermatologist . We have tried Cetaphil , Baby Aquaphor , Baby Aveeno , Gentle Naturals among other creams and ointments , but Cerave hands-down is the best cream to treat her skin on a regular basis and even to deal with flare-ups . I recommend this cream to anyone who wants to see real improvement in a baby suffering from eczema .
 I 've been using Curel lotions , especially the Ultra Healing flavor , for a long time , and I have recommended them to fellow eczema sufferers as it has been the only lotion that has kept my skin moisturized well and without irritation at all . Keri lotion was very thick , did n't have a good scent , and irritated my skin . Aveeno and Lubriderm always felt very thin for lotions and did n't moisturize very well , in my opinion.I had a recent flare up of my eczema not too long ago , and my dermatologist strongly recommended using Cerave on areas that have calmed down considerably as a maintainance product . After being turned off by two brands of moisturizing creams , I have to say this is the best out of the three I have tried ! In fact , I 've been using this to moisturize my body after a shower over my Curel lotion , and it has worked wonders!The other two I 've used were Eucerin and Vanicream . - Eucerin was VERY thick . Thick to the point where it was hard to get out of the tub and apply on my skin without aggravating it . - Vanicream was fairly runny , I would say , and it had an odd scent , did n't absorb well , and did n't moisturize very well , I think . - Cerave 's consistency was just right to me . At first look , I thought it would be very runny , but after dipping my fingers in , the cream was very consistent and did n't run . Very easy to apply.The only thing I 've noticed , for me , is that I need to apply it twice a day . But I have a pretty severe chronic case of atopic dermatitis , so that would make sense . It 's moisturizing enough initially to suite most people 's problem areas , I would think .
 I 'm not certain if my diagnosis is eczema , dermatitis , or other but the symptoms have been uncomfortable . I spend lots and lots of time recreating outdoors and live in arid Salt Lake City -LRB- it 's dry even when it 's rainy and snowy -RRB- and have dry , sensitive skin . Some years I 've gotten a rash when I wear wool sweaters and I 'm always itchy and flaky . This year was particularly bad . When it got cold out I started getting the usual wool rash . Then every part of my body started itching and I scratched to the point of bleeding . My dermatologist had me switch to Dove unscented soap . He also has me slather -LRB- my word -RRB- on CeraVe while I am still wet . I ca n't describe the difference . The almost unbearable itching has completely stopped and my skin feels wonderful . I do n't love putting on the cream while I 'm wet and waiting for it to soak in but the results are remarkable and worth it . I 've started using it on my face the same way and then wait until it absorbs before using my other `` potions '' .
 Very good cream for sesitive eyes . Good for day and night . Not too heavy .
 I love OPI nail polish . The colors are beautiful -LRB- especially this one -RRB- and the polish lasts without chipping . Even my manicurist commented on how it good looks .
 I can imagine how this color was named - it 's neither too blue nor too orange , deep but not too dark , a little glimmery but not too glam . If you 're looking for a versatile color -LRB- especially for fall -RRB- and are tired of sheers and pastels , this is the one to buy .
 OPI makes excellent nail polish and `` I Love This Color '' is a brilliant red with depth and sparkle . It arrived promptly and in perfect condition . Thanks
 I really do love this color . I found it at the manicure salon , and used up their bottle ! It was discontinued and I did n't think I could find it . So pleased . OPI is the best polish ; it stays on and the color stays true .
 If , like me , you wilt in the heat , then this is the product for you . I used mine during the height of a summer heatwave and life was a lot easier -LRB- and cooler -RRB- as a result.The second the mist hits , you 'll feel cooler immediately . The handy travel size means you can easily pop them into your bag and despite the small size , I found mine lasted a surprisingly long time.Just what you need for an instant cooldown .
 I was shopping for a product to hydrate/tone my skin . The Evian facial spray works great . Especially in high heat environments the mist instantly cools and refreshes .
 A must for spring and summer to hydrate skin . I live in the south , this is a real treat when placed in the refrigerator .
 I live in the South and we have some stifling summers . I keep one of the smaller travel size bottles in my purse just to cool off . My husband keeps a similar one in his bat bag for when he plays baseball . We have another we keep in the bag we take out on our boat . Definitely `` must haves '' for travelling too . We spend a lot of time in the Caribbean and Mexico . A couple of spritzes and you feel you can keep on going in the 100 + degree heat !
 I have waist length hair and I have been using leave in for the hair for years . I tried everything ... organic , salon hair products , the cheap ones ... and this is by far the best one for dry hair . It leaves the dry hair ends shiny , smooth and soft . I love it . You really do not need a lot so one tube will last for long time.If your other hair products contain silicone , do not bother with buying this one . Save your money , because it of course would NOT work . But if you are ` silicone free ' you will love it : - -RRB-
 I 've tried many hair glossers , shines , sprays , etc. to get shiny , soft hair . While this does n't add the high shine -LRB- but I 've found that 's a fine line between greasy and shiny -RRB- , my hair has never been this soft . I use it after I 'm done drying my hair and then use a very small amount and rub it in bottom half my hair , not around the top/scalp . Keep rubbing it in , and finger comb through . You 'll be surprised how such a small amount -LRB- less that a pea size -RRB- goes . It 's amazing , and a little really does go a very long way . I have long hair , too . This size lasted me almost 3 months - so divide out the cost , and it 's too expensive . It 's not sticky , and barely has an odor , so it also does n't clash with my perfume . Great hair product !
 I have straight , fine , thin , medium long hair . My hair get fizzy if I do n't use a spray to tame it . As I hate heavy sprayed look , so I tried this cream . It works great!I mix a drop of this with another drop of serum -LRB- any supermarket brand -RRB- in the palm of my hand then go through my fingers through my hair . It makes my hair smooth and shiny , then on top of it I spray a little L'Oreal Elnett Satin spray .
 I have been using Phyto creams for over 2 years now . After coloring my hair for years , it has become dried and damage . My stylist gave me this product and it does work . Even though it can be expensive -LRB- try leguidesante or other web sites for better deals -RRB- , it lasts long since you do n't really need that much cream . I have long , thin hair and one 50ml -1.7 oz lasts for 8 weeks , using it every 2 days.I apply it after towel dry my hair.If you have dry hair and would like to try this one out , you could start with Phyto 7 , as I did .
 This is my ` go to ' hair moisturizer . I 've been using it for over a year and have found nothing better for my curly 60 + yr . old hair . It is fabulous !
 This stuff is awesome for dry damaged hair . I always have to put something in my hair because I have curly hair and I dye it . This stuff works
 this stuff is amazing and you wo n't be disappointed ! yes its a little expensive but if you have dry hair in need of a big boost it is SOO WORTH IT
 I bought this product because I read reviews on other website . I find Amazon easy to buy this product with no shipping charge . I got this about 2 weeks ago ... and I have used it regularly . I always needed gel to combat my hair . I ca n't tell you how many brands of shampoo and conditioners or other hair products I have tried in my life ... always spent a fortune . My hair is not dyed nor treated in any way ... just natural.Phyto 9 is amazing . It tamed my hair , feels so soft and manageble , not oily at all . They ask you to put a pea size and work the ends of your hair ... on dry hair or slightly damp . I find it work best with double pea size but work one pea size at a time ... and use a little water so you can spread easy all over the rest of your hair.Your hair will look like a million buck ... literally . It looks shiny , supple , soft and tamed . I do not blow dry hair and again , my hair is natural ... no treatment at all . It really works.The size is small which irked me at first when I saw it ... `` That 's it ?! '' But after using it for the first time and afterward , it was definitely worth the money ... 100 % ... no doubt . I have not tried the Phyto 7 but will do so when I get a chance to buy it soon with other orders .
 As a disclaimer , I have shoulder-length mixed ethnic hair that 's extremely curly -LRB- think hair equivalent of mini-springs -RRB- but is very soft and prone to dryness and frizziness.My salon recommended this as part of a regime to moisturize and condition my hair - add 2 pea-sized drops of this stuff , mix together , and run it through damp -LRB- or just out of the shower , in my case -RRB- hair . I follow with Profound Beauty 's Curl Cream -LRB- 3 pumps , run through to ends -RRB- , then comb through -LRB- wide-tooth comb -RRB- . I finish with 3 pumps of Phyto 's Phytolisse smoothing serum to keep it all in check Phyto PhytoLisse Anti-Frizz Finishing Serum - 1.7 oz . . I 've been doing this for about two weeks now , and all together , it works wonders . The Phyto 9 has tremendously improved the condition of my hair from the roots , and I 've noticed that I 'm losing less hair than usual.I totally recommend this to my curly haired compatriots , but definitely not anyone with coarser hair than mine . I really do n't think it 's intense enough for African-American hair , judging from its lightweight texture . In addition to that , I would warn that while your hair is healthier-feeling , you lose the battle in weighing down the locks . I 've had to invest in bobby pins to keep my hair from `` poofing '' - however , its definitely not the frizz making it poof this time , and for that I 'm grateful enough .
 This is the best product I ve ever ever used ... now cant live without it ... however , I have fine short hair , and I still have to use a lot of it ... so the price tag doesn t help really ... I just got it and I m searching the web for a cheaper price than the $ 26 price tag !! anyway ... The product is GREAT if you can afford it .
 I bought this product because I use their moisturizing mist and wanted a little extra care for the summer , it smells great and does n't feel greasy , but I think its not worth the price tag . I did n't find anything particularly outstanding about it , its good but I 'm sure something cheaper would do the same .
 I use the phytocyane and phytojoba shampoo and conditioner . I put this on my hair when it 's damp and rub it in before applying the phytolisse smoothing serum . My hair is color-treated and I live in a dry climate and do n't feel that it weighs down the hair at all . If you have thicker hair , or textured -LRB- wavy to curly hair -RRB- this product is probably not going to be moisturizing enough for you .
 The Givenchy Amarige tester is simply the standard perfume in a relatively plain box - hence the `` tester '' name . A great buy if you are wanting the purfume and not an extra fancy cardboard box .
 I began using this moisturizer last spring when I suddenly began to experience periodic bouts of eczyema . I had been trying many moisturizers , but they were either ineffectual or made the problem worse . Fernwood 's Shea butter helped to heal my break outs faster , did n't cause burning or reddening , and helped prevent the rashes from getting worse.I have also used the Shea butter for cracking winter skin dryness and to heal sunburn . One container lasts 2-3 months since a little product spreads out quite well .
 I 've worn Wrappings periodically for about 30 years . It has always reminded me of Northern California in the summer . It 's long-lasting , and just a bit carries me through the day . Mmmmm !
 My wife is addicted to this perfume.I am glad that despite Clinique discontinuing this product , there are still a few websites where she can purchase it .
 I thought it had been definitely discontinued ! I used to wear it too and it 's fantastic . Well , I suppose it 's better this way but WHY NOT THE WHOLE YEAR ?
 Always a fabulous scent , never failing to excite . A classic in my opinion . . Strong enough to last , light enough to be subtle . A must-try .
 A very nice fragrance with a hint of elegant subtlety , and ready for evening out for dinner or to a special event .
 I have worn this perfume since it came out in 1982 . I have allergies and am very sensitive to perfumes , most give me headaches . This perfume works for me . It is subtle and smells fantastic . Thanks for the prompt service.MCS
 I bought this creme and tried it on my face it was very helpful in reducing the appearance of the mouth wrinkles i was hoping to remove.It does n't happen overnight but slowly they are less apparent then before . This is not a fake review but honest review . There is no miracle cure and i do n't know the percentages of anything in the bottle but with my experience this product is very helpful beyond just moisturizing .
 Love the Neuvaderm cream from Skin Origins . Recommended to me by my dermatologist for my sensitive skin condition . Skin Origins products seem to be perfect for me . Neuvaderm cream went on nice and smooth and dried fast . Skin felt very moist and elastic afterwards . I love this since I no longer have to worry about break-outs !
 I must say I do notice a difference in my look . I am satisfied , and will continue to use this product . I was using another brand , and will switch to this exclusively . thanks neuvaderm !!
 Neuvaderm -LRB- 1.7 fl Oz . -RRB- Rejuvenating Anti-Aging , Anti-Wrinkle & Moisturizing Cream -LRB- Health and Beauty -RRB- is truly a 5 start product . The silky cream is like magic on my skin . I have been looking for the past 6 moths for a new face cream/wrinkle cream and ordered this wonderful product . It was on sale to be truthful , so I tried it and have found my new cream . It really is soft and silky and feels like a million bucks on my skin . Thank you Neuvaderm , you are now my best friend.PS . I had to email Customer Service A question and received fast and wonderful service . This is my first review that I have ever endorsed.So does that tell you how happy I am with Neuvaderm . Buy it and try it , you wont be sorry.Susan ReiterSunny South Florida
 I must say that I was skeptical about this , but for the low price versus department store cosmetics , figured it was worth a try.Amazingly , it really works quite well.After using this product , people were commenting that I looked less tired , asked if I had lost weight or been exercising . Since it works gradually , you notice a bit of difference yourself , but the people who do n't see you that often really notice a dramatic change . Smaller wrinkles are smoothed out and disappear completely , while large ones get smaller.It wo n't make a 69 year old look 20 , but it definitely has taken off a decade of wear and tear .
 I have used several products trying to keep my face moisturized and my skin tone even . It is very difficult for a woman in her 50 's to regain that youthful glow . A friend recommended Neuvaderm and I am hooked . This stuff really works . My face feels soo soft and my complexion has never looked better . I will never go back to the expensive mosturizes I used to use get .
 I purchased Neuvaderm Rejuvenating Anti-Aging , Anti-Wrinkle and Moisturizing Cream a short time ago and I 'm already noticing the disappearance of fine lines . This is a wonderful moisturizer for aging skin.I 've tried numerous anti-aging moisturizers in the past , with little success . A friend recently told me about Neuvaderm and I 'm elated with the results . My skin feels incredible soft , since I 've been using this product . I 'd recommend it to everyone , men and women alike , and would definitely buy it again . It 's worth the price and I gave it a 5 star rating . You 've nothing to lose with the purchase of Neuvaderm anti-aging moisturizer , except your fine lines and wrinkles . Go for it!Best ,
 I have used Neuvaderm for about a month now . It moisturized my skin and did reduce the appearance of fine lines.I have been able to eleminate the expensive facial creams that I 've used in the past . Most of them I found were not as effective as Neuvaderm . Neuvaderm cream goes on smooth and dries really easy . My skin has a wonderful silky feel after I use it . I LOVE this product !
 I would recommend this product to any of my friends ! My mother and I both use this product and would swear by it . My skin feels and looks great , less blemishes , more even tone , and I have a better glow .
 I have been using this product for about a month and so far , so good . It provides a lot of moisture , is not greasy and seems to be reducing the appearance of some fine lines . Atlantic Wholesale provided timely customer service and were very easy to work with .
 Since the Skin Origins Eye Revival worked so well for my eyes I decided to purchase the face cream since i have very dry skin . This cream came in the same unique silver bottle that looked very high end . The dispenser worked great so I am not sure why others have said it did not . The cream dispensed the exact amount of cream needed to cover the full face which was great . My skin felt really moisturized and re-freshed after using this cream a few times .
 I am 35 years old with a medium skin tone and love to tan . That being said , my skin has become uneven and the fine lines are really starting to show . I 've tried many products , some of them being quite expensive . While doing some research online I came across Neuvaderm . I immediately checked Amazon to see their price and more importantly , the reviews . After reading so many positive reviews I decided I had to try it . I use Neuvaderm in the morning and at night after washing my face . It 's not too thick or oily -LRB- I have oily skin -RRB- so I can apply make-up over it . After only a few days I 've already received a few compliments about my skin tone , etc. . I assume this will only improve with time . I 'm thrilled to have found something that seems to work and wo n't break the bank in the process !!
 Goes on smooth and has a nice feel . Could n't tell that it did much for the tiny wrinkles . I 'm going to keep looking .
 I got this product since the other brand I was using , Kumaara , was discontinued . I have been using this for about a month , and it seems to be working fine . However , I can not really tell how much this product is contributing to the result because I am combining with other products , DHS eye cream in the morning and DHS olive virgin oil at night . With these , I am definetely getting a good result .
 I have been able to effectively get rid of the EXPENSIVE facial cream that I was hooked on for the past year now that i have found Neuvaderm ! I got a free bottle from a friend in a Christmas gift basket at work and I absolutely love it . The cream goes on so smooth and dries really easy . My skin has a super silky feel after I use it . LOVE IT ! I am very surprised that Amazon sells it for so cheap as I thought it would be twice the cost . I am almost out of my latest bottle and will definitely be ordering this from Amazon as they have great prices and fast shipping . I recommend this facial cream to anyone looking to buy an effective cream for a reasonable price
 I ordered Neuvaderm Rejuvenating Anti-Aging , Anti-Wrinkle & Moisturizing Cream to take with me on my vocation . I received my order in just a few days , but the pump was not working . I contacted the seller expecting all the inconveniences that usually come with any exchange . I received a response in no time . Kelly from customer service asked me to check the hole at the bottom of the bottle to make sure nothing is blocking it , and try to pump it quite a few times to get the lotion to the top of the bottle if possible . She explained that the pumps used in these bottles are designed without that tube running down the middle to make it easier to use all the lotion in the bottle , and it works kind of like an air vacuum . Also , she advised me if it 's still not working to take the Neuvaderm with me on vacation , and when I want to use it to just unscrew the cap and get the cream out that way , and to use it liberally , because she will send me a new bottle when I get back . I had to shake the cream out of the bottle on my vocation , but the replacement was in my mailbox when I got back , and they let me to keep both bottles . What excellent customer service!I 've been using this product for three weeks now twice a day . It feels very good on my skin , absorbs quickly , and moisturizes well . It works on wrinkles as well . Today I finally noticed a difference , looking through some photos and comparing , and can say that lines are becoming smoother . After just a few days of me using it my husband commented that my face looked lighter and fresher . Hopefully the results will last and improve over time . I love the price as well.I ordered Revagin Eye Cream along with this product from this seller , and had good luck with it too -LRB- see review on Revagin Eye Nourishing Cream w / Liposomes -RRB- .
 I have been using Neuvaderm for about 21/2 weeks . I may never use another face cream again . I have some fine lines that I feel like have all but disappeared . My skin feels great and I feel like I look at least 5 or 7 years younger in my face . I do n't leave very many reviews but I just ca n't believe how well Neuvaderm works . And for under $ 30 bucks . I 've paid for an ounce of La Mer and now I 'd rather about 5 neuvaderm bottles instead . Awesome product and I will definitely purchase again .
 This is a fabulous product ! I was researching on line face creams and thought for the price I 'd give it a try ! It 's as good , if not better , than products I have used that are 3 times the price ! I am very pleased , and delighted with the company !
 I bought this product 2 months ago . I 've been using it faithfully and I am extremley happy to report that it really works . I just had a baby so I have stretch marks , and i was really going to give up ! I used everything over the counter , and basically wasted money ! I found Strevaxl and thought i would give it a try . I can honestly say I LOVE IT ! It has diminished the appearance of my marks and some are so light i can no longer see them ! I would recommend this product to any woman struggling with stretch marks ! Try it , you too will love it !
 My husband and I usually use a lancome product $ 90.00 for our face . I have to say this is the best facial cream we have ever used and we have tried so very many . I love it and I live in hot humid Florida . I 'm 34 and he 's 42 . My skin is super smooth .
 I am only 40 but I have tried dozens of face care products in the past . This is definitely the best for me . I notice that my skin do not feel dry as it used to . Few days after I started using Neuvaderm I notice a big difference on my skin . This product keeps my skin moisturized for all day long.In addition , I have also been using the Eye cream by this same company . This is really a great total face care system if you ask me . My face , not only under the eye , has also gotten smoother and softer . This is definitely a product I can not live without . I have recommended these products to all my friends . The cost on them in very low on Amazon too ! How can you go wrong ? : -RRB-
 Heard great things about Neuvaderm and was a little hesitant but after trying the product I am very happy . Cream was nice and smooth . Dispenser was good and bottle looks very professional . Skin seems to still be responding so I will update my results as I go but positive so far . Love fast shipping on amazon too !
 This product works great . With dry winter weather my face was so dry . I used this twice a day and it just moistens my skin and takes all the dryness away . I love this product and highly recommend it . I do n't have a lot of facial wrinkles but I love the anti-oxidant properties this creams has .
 When you apply makeup to improve your skin , you do n't want the act of removing the makeup further damage your skin . This product removes your makeup without effortlessly while leaving your skin hydrated.I use the Shiseido White Lucent face wash , with a Clairsonic brush . And I follow it with this product to take off lipstick and eye makeup .
 The solution soaks into the cotton ball to allow wiping off all mascara effectively . It has a subtle scent , if any , and the applicator is perfect for getting the right amount . Not too oily or watery , it does n't leave a residue on the skin , but seems to hydrate and moisturize the skin around the eyes nicely . I have n't used it on my lips yet . I 'll definitely buy this product again .
 It is really the best eye and lip make up remover!I use it for years and will use forever!It lasts a long time , and don ; t think is expensive , and worse each penny !
 My Aunt gave me a sample of this makeup remover & it is by far the best I 've ever used . One swish on a cotton ball takes off my waterproof mascara & liquid eye liner . My eyes used to get rubbed pink with other make up removers . I had to rub & rub to get my mascara off . I usually purchase moderately priced toiletries but this to me is worth the splurge . My husband pointed out if I use less of it & it does a better job then I 'm not really paying much more for it than a bargain remover I have to use 9 drops of . I will continue to use this remover , I just love it .
 L'Occitane lavender liquid soap is of superb quality , very thick and rich with the scent of true French lavender -LRB- Lavandula dentata -RRB- . It makes a nice creamy lather and does not dry your skin . The bottle and pump are quite sturdy . It makes an excellent , slightly luxurious gift -LRB- or self-indulgent treat ! -RRB- for anyone who enjoys lavender . Very highly recommended .
 I really like this product . The shade is perfect for my skin color . Unfortunately , Shiseido discontinued it . However , fortunately , I could still purchase Natural Deep Bronze from Amazon . I do n't understand why Shiseido would stop making this shade.Thank you Amazon for coming to my rescue .
 Great compact easy cover-up , blends well . Well work the price and lasts a very long time .
 Does not have sun screen but it works great and the fine lines are less . Does not have a greasy feel and obsorbs into the skin to leave it looking naturally minus the lines -LRB- or at least less of them . -RRB-
 really great product for the eye area , my eyes look very good and this product is part of the reason why .
 GloMinerals never lets me down . My daughter has been using these products for 4 years now and continues to order and reorder . It 's a bonus to find them on the internet .
 This product looks great on my medium olive completion . The gold works as a beautiful highlighter . Love that it 's made of up minerals .
 Been wearing Glo Minerals for years but never found it this inexpensive . Cheaper than I get it from my cosmotology friend .
 on its own my hair tends towards waves rather than spirals , so i was hoping for more of a curling effect , but the typical dryness of my hair is noticably tempered so overall i 'd say will buy again - gave me the from-the-sea waves without the in-the-sun strawness
 Ilove this product ! My 2 year old son has the cutest curls and this mikes it feel and look soft and health . Buy this and love it like I do . The serum is good to .
 I have tried them all , this is the best curl definer out there.All I do is towel dri comb and spray then air dry and I have the softest beautiful , voluptuous natural looking curls , awesome.I love this stuff.The whole Curl Goddess line is the best.Carol Pasqualetti
 When these filters need changing you can see it . I was impressed with how much it catches and it really diminishes the smell of chlorine ! The showerhead could use more/better settings but all in all itis a good filter and has great water pressure !
 very good product ... our boat does not have filters ... this helps with rust so i do n't break out no more ... i will keep buying this item
 We love this shower filter . It 's so easy to switch out , and it definitely improves our shower water .
 I 'm definitely an advocate for shower/water filters . Most water coming out of your fossets are harsh and dry out your skin . Sometimes applying lotion everyday does not provide enough satisfaction that your skin needs . This particular water filter seems to purify the water of the majority of chlorine and other harsh minerals or chemicals in the treated water . It has decreased my dry skin down to a minimal . Its not completely moist but it has really made a huge difference and has caused my skin to be less red and itchy over all . This is a inexpensive way to cure some common skin issues ! Hope this helps some of you !
 I ca n't tell the different of water quality with/without filter head -LRB- in NYC -RRB- but it is always feel good to use this type products .
 I have always used filtered water for drinking and cooking to avoid chlorine and other contaminants . I had been having a problem with my hair color fading super fast and my hair dresser suggested our highly chlorinated water was doing it . I bought a hand held shower with one of these filters inside and it not only kept my hair color from fading , but my skin is no longer dry and feels much nicer . I am so used to having the shower filter now that I notice a huge difference in my hair and skin whenever we travel and stay in hotels . I highly recommend this product as necessary to good hair and skin . It is money well spent !
 My sister suggested that I try this shower head and I am so happy that I did ! The filters are very easy to replace and you do n't need any tools to install it or take it apart .
 I 'm normally a very eco-friendly person , but I do enjoy a long hot shower . i 've noticed over the years that standing in a hot shower would irritate my throat and make me cough . Little did I know that the chemicals in our water supply were potentially poisoning me . I found the Hand Held April Shower on Amazon and noticed an immediate difference in the water . I no longer have throat and lung irritation when I shower . Each tube lasts a few months . Great product , good price !
 much betterthan the older one that came in a white casing.chemical smell from the water is gone and water pressure is the same
 Like that the fact that these filters last a long time , it 's nice to use and not get the hard water . . this keeps skin smooth .
 Have n't had to use yet . . but love my new shower head . . There is a filter that came with the shower head though and it filters the water perfectly . . so much softer and no clorine smell .
 I was having such a problem with my hair color fading and could not figure out why . We have city water but I would get blonde highlights and they would fade away within a few days of coloring . Finally I decided to get a filter after reading reviews and that did the trick . Not only has it saved my hair color , but my hair is softer and healthier than ever and my skin is less dry . Highly recommend !
 My wife shower filters were going so we looked on Amazon for new ones . These were a good price . She tried them and said they were great . So she is happy and I 'm happy .
 I really like this product . The shade is perfect for my skin color . Unfortunately , Shiseido discontinued it . However , fortunately , I could still purchase Natural Deep Bronze from Amazon . I do n't understand why Shiseido would stop making this shade.Thank you Amazon for coming to my rescue .
 Great compact easy cover-up , blends well . Well work the price and lasts a very long time .
 I just recently returned from a study abroad trip in italy , and this product is one of the gems I brought back with me . Having packed no toner or astringent , i picked up this bottle , attracted to the cobalt blue color , and paid approximately $ 4US for what has been one of my favorite products to date . It is incredibly light , the rose scent is gentle , and it takes off all the filth and makeup of the day without leaving my skin dry and deprived for moisture . It is so gentle , in fact , that i can use it whenever my skin needs a little pick me up , more nourishing than a splash of water . I use it every morning and every night , and sometimes in between . I 'm sad that I 'll have to pay twice as much for it now , but I cant imagine living without it !
 I am an African American woman and I use rosewater for my hair . On the days I wash I spritz this in before adding my moisturizer and sealer . On the days I do n't want to wash I spritz this throughout my hair and it dries baby soft with a soft lingering scent . It has even helped me cut down on breakage !! I will never be without !
 This is the best rose water available . It is a wonderful facial toner . In a mister , it works to create a base layer of moisture before moisturizing . It works as a great diluter to creams that may be too thick . All in all , this is a terrific product .
 Great stuff . All printed in Italian , and if you close your eyes it smells like your in the biggest rose garden in the world .
 I used to have severe acne . I use this to tone my skin from the scarring , as well as to clean it before applying Egyptian Magic Cream . AND I LOVE IT.I love roses and the smell of roses and I have been wanting to try this kind of toner so when I first saw it on Urban Outfitter 's website , I looked for it on Amazon and it is cheaper :-RRB- This is gentle and smells really good , strong enough to leave the smell on my skin but not enough for me to become irritated with it . I can see this bottle going a long way because I did n't have to use that much to get my whole face . I have combination skin which gets very dry in the Virginia winter . It 's very refreshing to use this , and the delivery was fast . Will keep buying and using this along with Egyptian Magic cream . I really wish this was available in Target or Walmart though ... No parabens , no mineral oil , no alcohols or harsh chemicals of any sort . So it 's very good for my sensitive skin . Good price as well , rose toners tend to be kind of pricy.GOOD FOR : before face lotionafter cleansingrefreshing face before/after the daybefore makeuppreventing acne
 Thanks for so many little samples . I really love the precious oil so end up let my husband bought two bottles for me . This rose water has strong rose essential oil smell , it is little to strong for me . But it works pretty good , soft and moist the skin , also makes my skin feel deeply clean .
 I love the fresh scent of rose water . Great toner for sensitive skin . It 's a pure product and a great natural alternative , especially if your tap water is hard . Balances the PH in your skin and seems to calm it . The product arrived within a few days , undamaged and no leaks . I will continue using it and would recommend it to others .
 i hate hate hate sticky lipglosses ... so i was totally afraid to try this as i 've never tried it before . i 've got ta say though ... for a lipgloss that looks to be sticky . . its actually not . goes on very smoothly and very glossy without that stickyness . love this and the `` think pink '' one is my favorite .
 I love them all !! I bought several of them & they are all great ... they go on really smooth , last a long time , and they are great for people who dont like true lipsticks but just a hint of color . I recommened them to everyone .
 got this on sale at sephora for $ 3 glad i added it as a whim . quickly became my favorite lip gloss . color is sheer and had no allergic reactions like some have had
 I LOVE THIS LIP GLOSS , IT IS VERY PRETTY EVEN SMELLS NICE AND I WOULD BUY IT IN A MILLION COLORS . THANK YOU
 A really hard to find A-List item that lives up to and compliments the T3 Tourmaline line.A Perfect paddle brush for backstage work or putting hair up , smoothing it back or for a little more grip than the regular paddle brush during blow drying for extra smoothing power on not so straight hair.Works in conjunction with the T3 Bespoke Labs Dryers
 I originally bought this item to use as a tub cushion while I sit in the tub giving my infant a bath , but it is wonderful , very comfortable and great for just relaxing in the tub yourself , It could also be used as a regular seat cushion if you so choose . I like it very much .
 This booster cushion that you fill with water works very well in the spa . It is comfortable to sit on and saves wear on bathing suits . You need to put in in the spa while it is heating otherwise it is cold to sit on . It is a good product .
 Very good product , made of very durable material , seller was wonderful and very fast shipping ! Great doing business with this seller .
 I 've tried to save money by buying something cheaper , but I always come back to my beloved Osis Freeze . Holds my hair back after heat , sweat , and riding around with the windows down all day on the interstate . The best spray there is !
 I bought this for my daughter to use a month before her wedding to help clear up her complexion and it worked .
 I originally got this face wash lotion from my favorite doctor in Glendale , Arizona . When I was running low , I found it cheaper online , so this is where I buy it now . This product not only cleans deeply , it addresses break-outs really fast . Where was this stuff when I was in high school ? LOL
 This brush is so awesome , I actually wrote a blog about it . I did n't realize there was such a difference in brushes ! I almost did n't have to use my hair straightener when I was done blow drying with this brush !!! I 'm definitely a fan of the tourmaline ionic action and the ceramic barrel .
 This silicone strips has completely flattened two 11 inch fasciotomy incisions in only 2 months . The scar is still visible but has faded , but the most important thing is that it is completely flat . The surgeon was so impressed that he brought all of the nurses in to look at how the scar has healed and told them what I used . He had n't recommended that I use a silicone strip to assist with the scar , but I have a feeling he might start mentioning it to his other patients !
 This is my very first review on Amazon , So here goes . . I purchased this product because of all the good reviews that it had . I have two very large scars on both my arms . I have been using it on one arm only because the other arm was still healing . I like the product and I do think that it works . I just wish there was a way to keep cleaner or when you washed it actually came clean . I think when I start using it on the other arm I will cover it some how to keep it really clean .
 I have only just started using this product . I can however say that having this on helped coat my scar keeping movement of clothing/binder from irritating the scar.I 'd recommend it for that . We 'll see how the scar factor turns out .
 After having surgery , I was told to get Scar Gaurd to begin to heal the lengthy scar that I have . me being Carmel Toned , of course there would be a dark mark after a cut . I had purchased Scar Gaurd for about $ 27 at my local drugstore but Decided to try this tape for an alternate inbetween . After all the scargaurd only last for a week or two if you 're using it twice per day and that gets Expensive ! . When I wore this tape to a follow up appointment . My Dr told me that this was a GREAT Product and he can tell that it 's working . I have recommended others who are getting the surgery that I had . It really does work . The only drawback is clining it . you know that sticky stuff when it turns and it 's a bit gross trying to clean/scrape the gunk off but well worth the price !
 We 've been using this for about a month now and it seems to help . Results are supposed to take 4 months or so , but so far it looks like it helps .
 I had surgery which left scars from hip to hip and armpit to arm pit . The lower line had several infections and busted open a few times . The upper line is broken and disjoint and includes several very rough areas that are raised and sore.All in all , my skin is a mess!I really like this 22 '' silicone strip , it stays thicker and sticks longer than anything else I 've tried so far , and I have tried a lot of products . This particular size also performed WAY better than some other sizes from the same manufacturer . And at these prices , I need to have these strips last a while . And I do n't want anymore tape on my skin , I was bandaged for weeks -LRB- maybe months ! -RRB- and I am very glad that this strip stays in place on its own.I put the strip across mt lower incision in the AM , and cut parts of a second strip on the parts of the upper incision where I can get a straight line , like under my arms . I use silicone creams on the areas of the upper scar that I ca n't cover with a straight line . The creams are expensive so I use sparingly.In the evening I take a bath and gently peel off the strips , wash in warm soapy water , rinse , and wrap them around a plastic bottle , sticky side down . In the evening I use various scar and stratch mark creams over night . I like to use creams that are not as expensive as silicone in the evening , so I can use a lot of it and let it soak in all around the damaged areas and older surgery scars too.The areas with the Scar FX strip during the day seem to be healing best , plus the scars are not being irritated all day since the silicone is protecting it from rubs & bumps.All in all , this is a very good product and I would recommend it to anyone with longb straight scars to heal or fade . Good luck , as you 've probably had trouble of your own if you are researching these products .
 I started using this 2.5 weeks after my abdominalplasty . I was amazed at how quickly it flattened out the scar . The product length is perfect with a little bit extra you can trim . It adheres very well and so far has minimized my scar -LRB- my c-section scar became keloidal -RRB- . I plan on using this for 3 more weeks per my surgeon 's advice . Definitely worth the money .
 Bought this to put over my scar from an abominoplasty last month . I wear it at night -LRB- because it 's the middle of the summer -RRB- , and when it comes off in the morning , the scar is flat and fading . Because my scar is curved , it is n't completely self-adhesive - I use medical tape to hold it in place - but I expected that . I wash it and keep it around a bottle and it 's holding up well ! Also , I am small , and I was able to cut this in half - I 'm so excited to have extra that I can use when this one wear out .
 I tried just about every silicone scar product I could find . This was my second favorite for every day wear . It 's very strong , so it feels supportive . I liked it best for my tummy tuck scar . I tried it on my arm lift scars and it was ok at first , but quickly -LRB- one week -RRB- lost it 's adhesive quality . I recommend it for tummy tuck scars .
 Ok ... I have n't left many reviews on amazon , although I am frequent customer , but I LOVE THIS PRODUCT ! I had a tummy tuck done back in Novemember of 2010 and started using a medical grade silicone strip that was purchased through my plastic surgeon . I believe it was Mepilex . Scar FX has made some dramatic changes to the color of my scar in only 3 days ! I have been wearing the other strips for 3-4 months without noticable results ! I ca n't wait to see how my incision looks after the reccomended 12 or more weeks ! The 22 inch strip was way too much for me and I imagine would be plenty even for a larger woman or a male tummy tuck incision . I just trimmed away the extra and used some on the two little scars from my drains -LRB- those have nearly disaapeared in just three days ! -RRB- The ScarFX strips are thicker than the ones provided at my plastic surgeon and it did shift once in the three days I have been using it ... this was after working out and the strip was wet with sweat . I read a couple reviews that stated they have to use tape to get it to stay in place ... maybe it 's a more curved incision because I do n't have an issue . I notice that once it starts to lose stickiness of you wash it with warm water and soap and let it air dry it sticks just fine -LRB- I 'm not sure I saw this in the instructions but have also used neosporin scar strips and they recommend washing it daily -RRB- Hopefully I get arround to leaving a following up review but as for now I am a VERY VERY satisfied customer !
 I have been using it for the best part of a month and love it ! it can be taken off and washed and reapplied .
 Scar FX is a great product . I have been using it for about 4 weeks now . I have seen improvement in my scars healing . It 's easy to use and keep clean .
 Okay so I first used this product back in 2007 after I got a tummytuck to get rid of those nasty stretchmarks after my 2nd child . My plastic surgeon recommended this to me it was about 10 dollars cheaper buying it from their office . I used it faithfully till I basically lost it . . lol Well it 's years later and you barely see my scar . I have to say though this is on top of creams and your genetic healing genes . I do n't scar much and I heal fast , but this product is Great and I just purchased another for my incisions from my lip contour on my inner/outer thighs . I use this in combination with my arnica cream and it works well . I am 3 weeks post op and I can wear shorts now . It looks like just 2 small mosquito bites as where my other two incisions healed completely on their own , with only the arnica cream used over it . Also I would highly recommend using pure coconut oil in the show and bath , I grew up using this stuff and it helps tremendously . Now if you 're looking for a miracle , you need to basically use more than just this product , but this is definitely a good investment .
 Love this lip crayon ! Great color , long lasting , not moist but not dry . However , the shipping was as much as the product , so it ends up being twice as expensive as you think . That 's a real rip-off , since the product weighs so little it could probably go in an envelope with a stamp . Unfortunately this product does not seem to be available in local stores so we are at the mercy of the seller .
 I have been using this product since 1992 and though I have tried to find something better , there is nothing that covers like this ! It is a bit pricey -LRB- which is why I keep trying to find a replacement ! -RRB- The good part is you buy the case once and then just buy the refills . Everyone I have ever told about this product also loves it .
 I was so glad to see this product again . I have used it for many years and it was becoming hard to find.I would buy this again !
 I have been using this powder sins I was in my twenties on now I am over fifty.This powder is truly a natural looking without the dry look of a powder , which is difficult to find , and it does minimizes the visibility of pores and softens imperfections.Unfortunately Shiseido do not seem to produce , or want to sell this powder all over the world .
 i have just received my new refills . i have been using this makeup since i was in my 20 's and this year i am 50 . i 'm finding it a bit difficult getting this makeup in Australia but now i have found Eyewear as a supplier and am very happy . it 's just the best makeup as it is easy to apply and so natural looking without the mess of liquid makeup . thank you : -RRB-
 I have not used this product . . Mother has found it to be the most comfortable and hypo allergenic.Years of loyalty and price is best here at Amazon
 Been using this lotion for 4 years but at Sally 's and Dollar store you can get it for 4.69 for the 20 ounce . And 2 years ago or 3 years ago it was 2.99 ...
 this lotion is the best . they use it at the nail salon i go to and i fell in love with it . i went all over nyc looking for it in stores and came up empty handed . i 'm sooooo glad i found it on amazon . it makes my skin feel so soft
 Great lotion ! very moisturizing , absorbs well without feeling greasy . Moisture lasts all day long . Smells great but not overwhelming once absorbed into skin .
 THIS PRODUCT IS VERY NICE , IT IS GOOD AS ADVERTISED , I LIKE IT , I WOULD LIKE TO RECOMMEND IT TO MY FRIENDS .
 I am allergic to almost every lotion that I have tried and I also have very dry skin , which is highly inconvenient . But this lotion not only keeps my skin soft and moisturized all day but did not cause my skin to break out . Also has a nice , natural smell .
 in my humble opinion . My grandmother was told by her doctor to buy a bottle of it -LRB- we 're talking over 50 years ago ! -RRB- Our family has used it for years , but it 's gotten harder to find . I found a gallon of the aloe vera version of the stuff at Sally 's Beauty Supply the other day -LRB- the only place near me now -RRB- for $ 32 , but every drop will be used . I find it lasts me a long time if I use it primarily as a hand lotion . -LRB- It 's actually bottled in my town but I ca n't buy it on site there , unfortunately , though you can online at -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Too bad Wal-Mart quit handling it ; I do remember when I 'd see a few bottles on their shelves once upon a time . Anyway , I hope they never quit making the stuff , have never found a lanolin product like this one . Nothing I 've ever tried works as well for me , especially in the wintertime .
 I have used Triple Lanolin for more than 20 years . It is thick and creamy , and softens , moisturizes , and heals rough and/or dry hands , feet , and body . This lotion is getting harder to find , and so have tried numerous other products , non of which compare , and I always come back to Triple Lanolin Aloe ; it 's great that it is now carried by Amazon . The original is fine , too , but like the mild scent and benefits of aloe ; this product is appropriate for women as well as men . Since my wife tried it , she will not use anything else . This product is amazing !
 After discovering the amazing healing , moisturizing and softening effects of Triple Lanolin Aloe Vera Hand and Body Lotion over fifteen years ago , I am never without a large pump of it next to my kitchen sink and in my bathroom . I even keep a purse size tube in my bag , and another large pump at the office where co-workers have begged to use it , winning many converts over to purchasing their own.The texture of this product is rich , not runny , making it more like a non-greasy cream than a lotion , and only one of the reasons I have loved this product for so long . With aloe vera gel and triple the lanolin than other products , my skin has remained soft and supple from regular use.Don ' t be fooled by the rock bottom , bargain price of this product . It simply works better than any I have tried of similar or higher price . - Victoria Austin
 I have been using this product for over 30 years and suddenly it disappeared from the shelves . So I went on a search and found it on amazon.com . I bought two 20 oz . bottles and that should last me several months.It has a very fresh scent , and lots of moisturizers that keep the skin soft as you use the product over time.I will certainly be purchasing more ...
 This stuff is AWESOME !! I had such dry and severely itchy skin . It was driving me CRAZY ! I just about took a bath in baby oil but it did n't help . Then I tried this lotion and I have n't itched since . I just use it all over my body every morning after my shower . It has a pleasant scent too.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !!
 Was looking to purchase a lotion with Lanolin in for my dematitis problem on my hands as I was told that lanolin is good for this type of problem so I tried it and much to my amazement it keeps my hands free of dermatitis , this lotion smells incredibly scented and fresh and goes in easily and does not have a slippery feel for long until it is completly absorbed by the skin and you only need a small amount about the size a little bigger than a pea sized amount so this lotion will last a very long time , I have had this lotion for a few months already and it is barely down to the half way mark already I am using it quite frequently also some family members use it on some occasions I plan on purchasing some more later this year so I never run out of this lotion , I would recommend this lotion to people who have very dry skin and or dematitis
 I first discover this lotion when it was used on my hands in the nail salon . Its non-greasy and it leaves my hands really soft . I love it so much that I have brought over 10 + of the 20 oz bottles ... I will be giving away 3 oz bottles full of the Triple Lanolin Aloe Vera in gift bags to the ladies attending my 50th Birthday this December !!!
 I read a bunch of reviews for Triple Lanolin lotion because I am pregnant and want to prevent stretch marks as much as possible . I found one review that directed me to a local beauty supply store and I found this lotion for $ 6.99 at Sally 's Beauty Salon ... which of course means no shipping ! This original lotion smells a little like an elderly woman . I prefer the mango scent but the aloe is also nice . They left my hands feeling really soft and moisturized without leaving a sticky or greasy residue . I 'm really excited to continue using these products and as much as I LOVE Amazon ... and give them WAY more money than I should , I do n't think $ 10 for shipping is reasonable .
 I am a serious lap-swimmer and , in the wintertime , I suffer from very dry skin and `` winter itch '' . I have tried dozens of lotions and find this one to be the best of all for moisturizing and healing.David Wilson
 I love this product . I first had the experience of using this lotion when I went for a manicure . I came home , googled it , and I was able to purchase it for myself . I even purchased one for my mom to start using . Thank you for making it available on amazon.Sue from South Carolina
 This scent has been around awhile and it never gets old . I have received so many compliments when layering this with the perfume . The price was very affordable .
 I was hypnotized by this scent almost seven years ago , when at a movie -LRB- San Diego , visiting friends -RRB- ; it distracted me so much I HAD to ask the lady seated in front of us what she was wearing -LRB- my friends thought I was CRAZY -RRB- . It took me a YEAR to find it , and then via Ebay , where I paid WAY TOO MUCH for a tiny roll-on the size of a lipstick -LRB- from a not-so-honest seller who had watered it down ! -RRB- , then finally from a reputable shop in Beverly Hills -LRB- Fred Segal -RRB- . In all , I spent over $ 250 that first ` try ' at getting my hands on a GENUINE bottle of Child , but it was WORTH IT.Later , I had to undergo major surgery -LRB- car accident , suffered spinal injury and nerve damage -RRB- , and recuperation was terribly painful , took over a year to get back on my feet.My Child perfume worked MIRACLES on my spirit , though , and it became my nightly ritual to roll a dab on my wrist before going to bed at night , as it helped me through the chronic pain and into blissful sleep.I 've been through five bottles now -LRB- 1 1.3 oz bottle lasts me about a year , even with my nightly aromatherapy ` fix ' -RRB- and Susan Owen 's `` Child '' perfume oil is worth EVERY PENNY.Everyone stops me and asks what I 'm wearing , and I 've probably been responsible for a dozen or more ` new fans ' -LRB- can I get a commission ? LOL -RRB- . It smells a little different on every woman who wears it , but ALWAYS delicious ... a subtle , soft , lingering and bewitching scent ! Makes me feel like I 'm floating on a Magnolia and sugar-dusted Honeysuckle cloud ...
 This is one of the most beautiful florals that I have ever had the pleasure to own . It 's soft , feminine and very creamy . It is unlike any other tropical floral that I have ever come across . It lasts all day and people stop me and ask me what I 'm wearing all the time . Every woman should have this lovely fragrance in her perfume collection .
 I love this sent it is so unique ! Everyone compliments and ask what the sent is ! I love Beauty Habits store ! Always 100 % satisfied ! And I love the free samples they send with your order !! Definatley a must-have and must-save store !!!
 First let me say that beautyhabit shipped my order so fast Icould hardly believe it . The samples they left me in the boxare like samples you really want , and the gift certificate to use onmy next order , I 'm turning cartwheels over.About child perfume , I just love it ! A little goes a looooong way , so if you are heavy handed , just roll the ball over your wristonce or twice , do n't put your nose right on it . Move your wrist , in front of your nose , so you get an intoxicating whiff of child.I sometimes wear fracas , it to is white flowers.The jasmine in both must be what I 'm drawn to.I first encountered child at heri bendel in nyc , about 5 years ago , I enjoyed it , and to my surprise I foundit by accident here at amazon . Love the fragrance , love theeasy , smooth transaction . kai is another fragrance you mightwant to try , it 's just a little creamier than child . I have both.In fact henri bendel use to promote them side by side . It toyou can find here at amazon . Amazon you have changed myworld .
 Wonderful scent that lasts all day but not too strong.Smells lovely on everyone I know who wears it . Oil adds additional complexity to scent .
 My wife fell in love with this perfume the moment she tried it on 5 years ago . Since then she has never parted with it . She always makes sure that she has at least one bottle in her vanity kit . The size is not that big but it makes up in scent . She finds it easy to put in her purse when she goes to a more formal occasion . Its a must have perfume for women !
 I love the perfime and I am really glad it was not a phony item
 I bought this in `` Spandex '' , which is a pretty dark blue . It lasts all night . Even while Im out dancing !! You can add one application and get a nice hint of glitter or continue to apply for more glimmer . The product has NEVER gotten into my eye . It doesnt flake and it the bottle has lasted me a year now . I will continue to buy this and cant wait to try out alllllll of the other shades ! Have fuN !
 If you want some extra glimmer for your eyes , this eyeliner is great . However , I would recommend using a colored liner underneath and layering this on top as it is simply glitter in a clear base . This color has blue & purple glitter in it , so I use either dark purple or metallic blue eyeliner first and layer this over . You can also layer it to build up the sparkle depending on how much glitter you want . Wears well and does n't smudge off - stays on all night .
 I own a few different colors of the Urban Decay Heavy Metal Glitter Liner . While it may seem costly , let me tell you - I have own these for a LONG time . They last forever . I love to later the glitter over similar colored eyeliner for a bold and fun look .
 Wonderful ! I recommend!Easy to use ! Xxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxXxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxx xxxx xxxxx XXX
 the only reason i did n't give this a 5 star review is because it was n't exactly what i was expecting . even though you have to put 2 layers or so on it works perfectly ! i 've never been one for liquid eyeliner but it is exactly the amount of glitter that i want and it does n't move after it dries . i love love love this product !! worth every penny . it did n't make my eyes itchy and i have sensitive skin . the only thing i thought would be different is i thought it was black with glitter in it . it is n't . its just the rainbow glitter . but if you put regular eyeliner on and then this , you 're set ! if you do decide to buy this , enjoy !!!
 I bought this in every color last summer . I have never used another brand of glitter liner so I ca n't compare . They look really great layered over the same color of eyeliner and the clear one -LRB- Distortion -RRB- is great over any color . I have trouble putting it over my entire eyelid with the brush if I first put on eyeshadow , it tends to smudge the shadow & make it look blotchy so I rub a little on my finger and pat it on over my eyeshadow gently , it seems to work well that way . If you line your eyes with it you have to let it dry in between coats to get a thicker line of glitter or it bunches up . I also like to put a little in the inner corner or middle of my lower lashes , sometimes even next to the waterline on the inner lashes -LRB- be careful not to get it in your eye but if you do it does n't hurt -RRB- . It sort of makes it look like a tear , it 's kind of cool . I also like to do a cat eye with Midnight Cowboy , the light gold color . It is very subtle -LRB- as subtle as glitter can be -RRB- and reminds me of an Egyptian goddess . I prefer using this to using glitter shadow as you have more control over the glitter and it wo n't end up under your eyes and on your cheeks . I think Midnight Cowboy and Distortion are the most versatile colors .
 TOTALLY LOVE IT , AWESOME MY EYES ROCK BY THEMSELVES BUT THIS PRODUCT MAKES THEM GO `` POW HELLO ''
 This product is easy to use and stays on very well ! I use it for gymnastics meets and it definately grabs the judges and audience 's attention . The only problem is that if you get it on your eyelashes you see the sparkles out of the corner of your eye and it can be distracting and hard to get off . It also is hard to remove all the glitter when you 're done . Sometimes you find little specs of glitter near your eyes the next day . It 's worth it though !
 I have Stagecoach , the lighter purple one , and its gorgeous . It goes on as a thin layer and if you want a heavier application , just add more . I 've used this as an eyeliner and all over the lid , I placed it on top of Grifter by Urban Decay , and it was beautiful . It also lasted all day as well . The price point is a bit high , you can easily find glitter liners of the same quality and size at the drugstore but Urban Decay 's colors are quite unique which made this worth the purchase . My only warning is that it burns the lids , at first I thought it was me but i 've heard of others having the same issue . At first it feels like a cooling sensation then a sudden intense burning , like fire , occurs for about 30 seconds . I have no idea why it does this , I 've tried asking those at Urban Decay and they had no clue . But it also feels this same way with other glitter liners , so be aware .
 This has got to be the best product for its stated use . Relieves itch and any other syndrom right from the first wash , and you will notice significant improvments in your condition within a week . I used it daily for a week and my scalp 's never felt better.Also , for best result , go through shampooing of your scalp twice , as instructed . You will realise that in the second wash , with all the scalp grease gone , the shampoo lathers much better . Leave it on for several mins and you 're good to go .
 I HAVE TRIED A MILLION DIFFERENT SHAMPOOS AND CONDITIONERS AND THIS IS THE ONLY ONE THAT WORKED FOR MY PSORISIS ! I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THE WAY IT TREATED MY CONDITION . IT COMPLETELY WENT AWAY ON MY HEAD ! THEN I USED IT ON MY ELBOWS AND ON OTHER PLACES THAT I HAD IT , AND THIS SHAMPOO HELPED CALM MY PSORISIS DOWN . IT WENT AWAY FOR THE MOST PART ON MY HEAD , BUT FOR OTHER PLACES ON MY BODY NOT SO MUCH . I RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE THAT HAS THE SAME PROBLEM I DO , IT WORKS ! THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAD WITH IT , IS THE SIZE OF THE BOTTLE . IT 'S NOT VERY BIG , THEN AGAIN , I DO USE A LOT OF SHAMPOO ! THAT WAS MY ONLY PROBLEM WITH THIS ITEM !
 I have used this product before and found it to be very helpful . Not only for ongoing issues but for flakes as well . I would highly recommend this to anyone who had a scalp issue .
 I received my comb today and love it . It is well-made of beautiful chrystals . It is a metal not plastic . I liked it so much I ordered a second one . I will purchase more hair accessories from -LSB- ... -RSB- through Amazon.com .
 I 've been wearing Initial for about six years now and when people smell it , they love it ... alot ! It 's not too strong , it 's soft and not too light , not powdery . It last 's awhile too . I 'm glad I 'm able to find it online because they have discontinued it in stores . The price I paid with Parisxs is excellent and delivery was superfast .
 I used to use Vitamin E around my eyes but then I found this comforting gel that is very effective at keeping wrinkles away and also absorbs fast . I use this morning and night on a regular basis and have noticed it is very effective . This is one product I do n't want to live without . Now that it is in a tube it is much easier to apply . If I could afford it I would send a tube of this gel to all my friends . Instead I just rave about it in email and at amazon . People say I look younger than my age so all I have to say about that is
 I rate this product with five stars because I am an exclusive Derma-E product user and the eye gel goes on smooth , leaves nof film and performs as stated . The product arrived timely .
 Keeps your under eye area dewy all day even under make-up . Has no smell , which is nice because your eyes ca n't smell .
 I have dry , brittle hair , and I have been highlighting it for years . I tried this product several months ago , and I was amazed by the difference in my hair after the first use . It was soft , but not limp . Many people made comments on my hair , asking what I was doing differently . The only thing I had changed was using this product . Plus , it smells great ! I use it several times a week . Believe me when I say I am a beauty product junkie , and I have tried absolutely everything out there , and this has been the absolute best ! I will never go back to using anything else . I would recommend to anyone with color treated hair to give this a try .
 I have very thin , dry hair and this product made my hair look and feel fabulous ! It is pricey but worth every drop ! I wil always keep this product in my shower . You do not need a conditioner and just a tiny amount goes a long way .
 High quality probiotic for much less than you will spend anywhere else . I looked all over for this or an equivalent product -LRB- hard to find an equivalent -RRB- including the internet and our local brick and mortar stores , and could not even come close to the price . I bought this product because it includes some hard to find probiotics that where recommended to me for a skin disorder . In fact , it was this particular product that was recommended , but I wanted to look around to see if something at least as good or better was available , but I could not find anything . Highly recommended .
 It is my humble opinion that one needs to be proactive as much as possible . As the old song goes , I `` listen to ` my ' body talk '' ! While I am most fortunate to have a wonderful , wise , caring physician who specializes in integrative medicine I still take time to do the research on my own behalf plus consult with him . An issue had surfaced which required attention . While my doctor 's recommendation was helpful , my body kept `` talking '' to me -- insisting that it needed something more . I took the time to do the research . Finally , I received an `` A-ha ! '' moment of inspiration re
 I 'm not a chemist , so I do n't know if I 'm actually getting what I paid for , but I definitely prefer the powdered form of probiotics to the capsules for a few reasons : It contains 16 strains of probiotics , including Bifido and Lactobacilli , totaling 32 billion/serving and FOS.At 2/3 teaspoon or 2 grams/serving , you get 30 servings that appear to go a long way.It mixes well with my morning juice or milk , and sometimes I combine the milk with the juice for an Orange Julius.Years ago , I discovered that acidophilus is great for gum pain and certain skin problems , so having i-Flora in powdered form makes it easy for me to sprinkle onto an affected area.Pills that contain magnesium stearate can have their absorption rate reduced by as much as 70 % . I do n't have to worry about that with i-Flora . Women with vaginal or urinary track infection can treat it effectively with acidophilus . In powder form , it should be easier to use in a douche .
 Seems to be helping my wife as she has less stomach issues and less urinary track infections since we started using this product .
 I really like this probiotic . I took another brand for years , but they suddenly changed the ingredients , and I was allergic to it . This one is just as good , maybe better . I like that it is just powder , no capsules . Sometimes I have an outbreak of yeast in my mouth and/or throat and I just take some of this straight . It dissolves in the mouth quickly , and really attacks the yeast that way . Very happy with this .
 I have purchased the capsules many times but this is a bottle of powder . I have been mixing it with water and there is no taste , which is great ! Just like the ease of the capsule better . Great product for digestion and immunity health !!!
 An excesive antibiotics use destroyed our 9 year old daughter 's normal intestinal flora.The G.I. Pediatrician recommended I Flora . The results were amazing . After the first three days of treatment the gases diminished , the tools were getting normal , the pain and disconfort started to decreased and her mood was geting better and better every day .
 I love this foundation . It provides excellent coverage , goes on smooth and gives the appearance of a flawless complexion ! The 20 spf is an added bonus !
 It 's everything it 's claimed to be . I 'm using it with the T3 blowdryer and have noticed more shine , healthier hair and no static -LRB- if you 're living in the wintery northeast , you know what staticy hair is like -RRB- . I have tried other ` ceramic ' / ` ionic ' brushes but have given them away after I tried this one . Nothing beats the tourmaline T3 . I own the 21/2 inch and the 3 inch ones .
 This is a great everyday sent , so light and clean . I love this sent and it comes in a cute little bag .
 I use this for my little daughter it smells great and really have a baby touchthe greatest perfume for little ones
 This perfume is a perfectly light , and decodent blend . I love it and it seems to last a long time . Burberry always puts out good stuff .
 I have been using this product since 1992 and though I have tried to find something better , there is nothing that covers like this ! It is a bit pricey -LRB- which is why I keep trying to find a replacement ! -RRB- The good part is you buy the case once and then just buy the refills . Everyone I have ever told about this product also loves it .
 I was so glad to see this product again . I have used it for many years and it was becoming hard to find.I would buy this again !
 I have been using this powder sins I was in my twenties on now I am over fifty.This powder is truly a natural looking without the dry look of a powder , which is difficult to find , and it does minimizes the visibility of pores and softens imperfections.Unfortunately Shiseido do not seem to produce , or want to sell this powder all over the world .
 i have just received my new refills . i have been using this makeup since i was in my 20 's and this year i am 50 . i 'm finding it a bit difficult getting this makeup in Australia but now i have found Eyewear as a supplier and am very happy . it 's just the best makeup as it is easy to apply and so natural looking without the mess of liquid makeup . thank you : -RRB-
 I have not used this product . . Mother has found it to be the most comfortable and hypo allergenic.Years of loyalty and price is best here at Amazon
 This Christophe Robin product is fantastic . Along with the Lavante au Citron shampoo , it has made a huge difference in how my hair looks and feels . The instructions recommend using it about every 4th shampoo and that is what I am doing . leave the conditioner on overnight and wash n the morning and the results are amazing ! My hair stays cleaner much longer and the natural scents of the line are beautiful . I love this product !
 I have been using this product since 1992 and though I have tried to find something better , there is nothing that covers like this ! It is a bit pricey -LRB- which is why I keep trying to find a replacement ! -RRB- The good part is you buy the case once and then just buy the refills . Everyone I have ever told about this product also loves it .
 I was so glad to see this product again . I have used it for many years and it was becoming hard to find.I would buy this again !
 I have been using this powder sins I was in my twenties on now I am over fifty.This powder is truly a natural looking without the dry look of a powder , which is difficult to find , and it does minimizes the visibility of pores and softens imperfections.Unfortunately Shiseido do not seem to produce , or want to sell this powder all over the world .
 i have just received my new refills . i have been using this makeup since i was in my 20 's and this year i am 50 . i 'm finding it a bit difficult getting this makeup in Australia but now i have found Eyewear as a supplier and am very happy . it 's just the best makeup as it is easy to apply and so natural looking without the mess of liquid makeup . thank you : -RRB-
 I have not used this product . . Mother has found it to be the most comfortable and hypo allergenic.Years of loyalty and price is best here at Amazon
 While the Green Tea and Clay line says it 's for `` normal '' skin , it 's much better for those with dry or normal-to-dry skin . It 's a very moisturizing line overall and contains many essential oils . Out of all of the Aubrey Organics skin care products , I like this one best because the scent is natural and not at all overpowering and it does n't irritate my allergy - and eczema-prone skin.My biggest suggestion , if you have n't tried this line , is to try this travel kit for your skin type . Try the whole set without mixing in other brands for a week and see what you think . That 's what I did , and it was money well-spent -LRB- and lasted me longer than a week , even though I used the cleanser , toner and moisturizer twice a day , the mask twice per week -RRB- . I discovered it helped considerably with my sensitive , eczema-prone skin and did n't itch/burn like many products do for me . It can all be tough to find in local stores , so buying from amazon or the AO site has been best for me.Last but not least , do n't forget to shake each of the products before using . Shake them a lot , and hard , since they do separate quite a bit .
 Smells great , feels great , tastes great . Keeps my kid 's -LRB- and my -RRB- lips and face uncracked and moist in the cold winter months !
 I really like the spicy fragrance , very masculine and longer lasting . Buying it in a set is a great bargain as you can only get the perfume for more price at the mall !
 Arrived as described , on time - not yet opened as it is a Christmas present .
 I do n't really know how to rate this product . I gave it four stars because I love the way it smells and I think it is awesome that it is sulfate-free and organic . On the down side , after using it for about a month my hair , which is somewhat fine , became super fine and the color lightened . My hair has n't been colored in over a year ! I guess I had a lot of gunk on my hair and this shampoo made it super clean but I am now afraid to try it on my newly colored hair . I am disappointed because I love so much about this product but I believe that I am going to have to find something else for everyday use and use this once a week or every other week .
 For all your bath gel lovers , Maja Shower Gel is the best I 've ever used . It lathers better than others , makes your skin feel good , and best of all ... the smell ! The smell is so pure and clean and even after you 've dried off , that wonderful smell stays with you all day long.Definitely the best bath gel out there today .
 This Maja body wash is great - Non drying ! A little bit of it goes a long way . -LRB- The Maja bod cream is also very very good and again economical in so far as a little goes a long way -- and the bar type soap -- what a fem . heavenly delightful smell ! -- The bath power - so nice too . -RRB- If planning to work outdoors , you may think twice about the bod cream or bath wash though , as bugs seem to find it nice on some folk - But chances are all gals will love it !
 Maja by Myrurgia for Women . Shower Gel 17-Ouncescame right away and is exactly what I ordered . Will order from this company again . Thanks for the great service .
 Personally , I love the smell of `` Maja '' byMyrurgia.I keep this shower gel on hand at all times , but I use in it my bathroom handsoap pump .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas gift . She 's loved using it on herself and everyone else around her . The only down side is it comes with just a few beads . I wish the beads were more convenient to find .
 This is an amazingly rich cream that absorbs very well . You can use it on your lips if you want because it has no taste . But it works well for healing your skin and for any part of your body that needs a little more attention.You can use it daily on your face , throat and hands or use it all over in really dry weather . Healing and a must-have beauty product along with a Vitamin C Cream . Vitamin Skin Care is really the way to go and you will see results . ~ The Rebecca Review
 Used this product because I had damaged skin that looked like callus scaring as a result of a recent Tattoo . After shaving the callus down and applying this for little more than a week - the callus did not come back , and the area where I applied it was really healthy looking/feeling . Amazing results , I was very close to going to this problem surgically removed .
 This cream seriously fades scars . I massaged it onto scars on my legs twice a day and could literally see a difference within the first couple of days . It 's very moisturizing as well . I was afraid that it might cause my face to break out because it 's so heavy , but it really does n't . This is definitely my new staple moisturizer .
 I have nasty cuticles -LRB- from being too manly I guess -RRB- . We got this cream to help combat some of that manliness . I use it in the morning before I leave the house . The odor is odd and lasts for quite a while . It also leaves an oily residue . But it makes my cuticles look great - which is why we originally got it .
 I love this vitamin e . This is my 2nd order after 6months of using the first one . For less than $ 10 you cant go wrong with this . I use this as my night moisturizer .
 I had surgery for a broken leg , broken arm and several lacerations due to a car accident . I have applied this cream to my scars for several weeks now . The skin around the scars has become very supple and soft . The cream absorbs well and is not oily . It does not change the color of the scars -LRB- that will fade in time -RRB- but it surely makes them more comfortable . Several people have said this cream has a bad smell . I did not think so , just a natural smell . If you are looking for a perfumed product this is not what you want . I am very pleased with this product .
 I love the feel of this creme . I use it on my face every night . I hope , whilst dabbing it on , that it is keeping those wrinkles away , while reducing those already there . It 's a little too soon to tell if it is or not , but I think it will . It definitely is n't hurting anything ... I love that it is so natural . The oil is GREAT too !!
 My initial review was for 2 weeks when i experienced the burning sensation . I should of waited 30 days to review this because now i absolutely love this . I use at night in conjucntion with Burt Bee 's Acne lotion and in the morning my face is so clear . I also use it on my neck and chest . This product will give your skin really good hydration and it is all natural which is a plus . Keep in mind this is not for day time use because it is really heavy .
 I just used this product because I have a terrible cold . My skin under my nose was so chapped and lookedand felt horrible!I used this several times over the course of a day and it actually healed it!I will try more of these items ! Even my husband was amazed !
 I started using this on my 12 month old son who has very sensitive skin in the winter months . He gets dry patches on his belly and back . I slather this all over him after his bath and in the morning before I dress him . He has no reaction to it and his dry patches disappeared completely . Compared to some `` sensitive skin '' baby creams which turned out to be irriitating to his skin the price is comparable or better and the jar lasts quite a long time . The mild scent smells great ... not girly which is great for my little boy . He 's almost two now and I still use it ... even in the summer . I can still find it in my grocery store in the organic section . I love it !
 This is a Great Moisturizer ! A really healing skin creme . I found this product a year ago , started using it and threw all my other skin products away . Now I only use this + sunscreen and Retin-A . That 's it ! My skin looks radiant and I 'm through with expensive cosmetic cremes that contain many controversial ingredients And . . do n't seem to do anything at all . All natural ingredients in this creme ! Simplify!Catanya
 I love this cream ! It 's very rich and moisturizing . It 's good for a night cream which is what I needed . Even in the morning when I wash my face I can still feel the moisture from the cream still working !
 I bought this creme to use on my scar from knee surgery . It is very moisturizing . It is early yet , but I think it will reduce the appearance of the scar .
 I LOVE this cream . I have been using this every night on my face and on a couple of scars that I have right when I get out of the shower . The very little remains that are on my hands I apply to the ends of my damp hair too -LRB- I do n't waste any of it ! -RRB- . After the first night of using the cream , my skin is noticeably smoother and glowing the next morning -LRB- unlike other creams I have used in the past -RRB- . It is a bit thick and slightly sticky at first but once it absorbs in your skin and dries you will feel a big difference.Highly recommended !
 Am not sure if its a miracle cream but i feel very naturally hydrated over night in my super dry -LRB- thank god and my landlord for keeping us very warm in the harsh cold winter -RRB- new york apartment .
 Just got it and used it a few times , i like how smooth it is seems to very very greasy so you only need to use a small amount .
 It is the best for damaged skin and scars - trying to find it locally - but to no avail - Prime gets it to our home quickly .
 I 've been using this vitamin E cream as my night moisturizer for several years now , and it really keeps my skin healthy and hydrated . I never have a problem with this clogging my pores , and it 's never done anything to bother my very sensitive skin . In the summer I thin it out with a little water , but in the winter I use it &#34; full strength &#34; to combat the dryer weather . Great for face , hands , heels , elbows , or anywhere you need good , natural moisturizing .
 This cream is excellent ! I 've used this cream on my face and neck for about 3 years now and my skin looks great . My face is oily so I only need to use a little but it 's not heavy on my face . I only use it at night but I get a lot of compliments on how great and clear my skin looks . This cream is a little pricey but it 's worth it AND it last a long time seeing as i only use it on my face and neck . I strongly advise using this and just be patient and stick with it . Over time you will see satisfying results !
 this heavy creme works great for me . Its natural ingredients dont bother my allergies whatsoever . also the jar will last me several months using it twice a day .
 I stumbled onto Jason `` E Creme , '' the 4-oz . jar with 25,000 I.U. of Vitamin E and labeled as `` Therapeutic Moisturizing Creme '' a few years ago . It was in an ordinary grocery store , at least , at that time ! After using it for several days , I noticed that the light brown spots on my aging hands had faded considerably and , of course , my skin was much smoother and softer . This particular version of the `` E Creme '' from Jason contained zero alcohol , so there was nothing that would dry the skin . This product is well worth looking for if at first you do n't find it ; I had not found anything else that works like this one does . Also , it goes into the skin fairly swiftly , does n't smell and it 's a cream , not a lotion . My dermatologist showed me the difference between a cream and a lotion , educating me about `` getting more bang for the buck '' from a cream . A little bit of this product goes a long way . Enjoy !
 This is an amazingly rich cream that absorbs very well . You can use it on your lips if you want because it has no taste . But it works well for healing your skin and for any part of your body that needs a little more attention . You can use it daily on your face , throat and hands or use it all over in really dry weather.Healing and a must-have beauty product along with a Vitamin C Cream . Vitamin Skin Care is really the way to go and you will see results.Also look for Lavender oil and the Jason Rose hand cream that smells so wonderful . All the Jason Products are amazing . ~ TheRebeccaReview.com
 I received this product as a gift in my stocking this year . I have the 1.5 oz carry-on size and not this larger size . I through it in my purse and I use it a few times a day.I recently gruaduated from college and moved out of my parents house . This product feels like the more expensive products my mom keeps around the house but is affordable for me on my small budget.It 's rich but not heavy with a light scent . It makes my hands and elbows feel velvety smooth , and my skin look hydrated without being greasy . I 'm a big fan . And -LRB- in my personal opinion -RRB- my hands look great !
 I have been using it for about a week now . I put it on once daily . I am only 21 so I do n't use it for wrinkles quite yet but I do have -LRB- now more like had -RRB- bad acne and acne scars . I use it with coconut oil which is also good for acne . I put the coconut oil -LRB- recommend Nutiva organic -RRB- on first then the Jason E Creme usually at night . My acne scars are fading great so far . My acne has reduced significantly . My face looks cleaner , healthier , more even toned , and softer . It 's organic with no parabens and at a great price . Highly recommend for acne at least .
 I bought this to use for my face and neck and a to put on a few sunspots on other parts of my body . I had this small waxy looking growth by my nose I was told was from a build up of oil in that area . I 've had it for about a year . I did n't intend of using this cream for that - I just assumed I 'd have to get in removed . Well , I used this cream for 7 days now and that little growth is almost completely gone . I have n't noticed any difference with the sunspots yet but I am sure I will . My skin is super soft all day long . I put it on at night and a little bit in the morning on the sunspots.So far I love it and I thought it would it would take a little longer to see results but was wrong !
 I bought this lotion when I needed a richer/heavier lotion for dry skin , and you just ca n't beat the price . I do n't usually have dry skin , but when you move to a dry area like Florence , Kentucky -LRB- the greater Cincinnati , Ohio area , where there is a lot of air pollution that causes dryness and where I also developed dry eyes -RRB- you need something that is going to keep the skin on your face from feeling like it is going to crack apart . So I bought this and LOVED it . It is REALLY thick and very rich , and it DOES have a greasy-ish feel to it , but it absorbs fantastically well and very quickly and leaves your skin very hydrated and fantastic feeling ALL DAY long , but ONLY if you are in those dry climates . Once I moved to Oregon , where it is rains 9 months out of the year and has a very moist climate , this lotion started to make my skin oily as my body got adjusted to having more moisture in the environment . It still moisturized beautifully , and it is WONDERFUL on dry feet , hands , and elbows ... and I will keep it for those uses , but for a face moistuizer now I am switching to Jasons `` tea time '' or `` aloe vera '' moisturizers which are also wonderful products but MUCH lighter , non greasy , and just as moisturizing since I do n't need such a heavy cream anymore .
 I 've been using this product for some time now and it 's one of my favorite face creams . It has a light , pleasant odor and hydrates my skin well . I like to alternate my creams and lotions , but I always come back to this one .
 I started using this when I was pregnant on my belly to avoid stretch marks . I loved it so much that it is the only moisturizer that I use . I have dry skin but if I use the heavy duty lotions then I break out but this hydrates my skin without cloging my pores at all . It 's nice to have one product that you can you on your entire body .
 I really like this product , I 've notived my sick is softer and skin tone is more even . The one negative thing I 'll say about this moisturizer is that it 's very thick and doesnt get absorbed very easily a little goes a long way .
 I started using this cream after reading about someone else applying it at night as a cold cream ... it was inexpensive and the only thing I worried about was sensitivity bc I heard 25,000 u was high ... but I did n't have any bad reaction to it and I can say that after a month of using it my skin is so much smoother and clearer . I have acne marks and large pores and it helps to make everything more toned and supple . Definitely a high recommendation and if you rink about it , it 's so affordable what do you have to lose ? I even bought one for my mom and for my mother in law for Mother 's Day today !
 The only cream that touches my face since 28 years is `` Jason 's Vitamine E , 25 000 U '' . I have very sensitive skin and this is the only product that makes me feel really good . Loooove it : -RRB-
 This is the first time I have used this product and I am very satisfied with it . I bought it to replace my face cream but I found it to be a little `` heavy '' for my face . I have very sensitive , acne prone skin . I ended up using it on my neck and hands and love the way my neck feels and looks after using it daily . It has no scent and is non-greasy . I would buy it again and recommend for dry skin .
 This stuff works great a little oily but good for my skin . Service was great and saved me some coin . Thanks you guys rock ! bear
 A little dab goes a long way.I use a bit in the morning and again at night after I shower.Keeps skin supple and even kind of evens out the tones.Not perfumed , but has a kind of ` wheaty ' smell , though it 's not really noticeable after the initial application.A kind of cold-cream formula .
 This cream feels GREAT on my skin when I use it ! It 's not sticky or greasy . Plus the soft feel of your skin does last a long time after using it . It 's perfect to use all over especially at nights . After using it , I immediately got one for my mom . The only issue , & this is very minor , is the fragrance . The fragrance is n't great , but it 's very light -LRB- almost fragrance-free -RRB- -- so no big deal . I 'll definitely keep using it .
 I used this cream for 3 days now and I absolutely loved it . I used Vitamin E before but at 9000 iu dose and it did n't work as effective as this product . My acne scars faded about 6 % each day , so about 17 to 20 days of using , my scars will go away . If someone says their scar disappeared the next day , they probably exaggerated : -RRB- I will keep you posted in the next 20 days or when my scars are healed . I woke up every morning and looked into the mirror , my face is plumped and scars were less redBuy it , you wont regret . This cream also has avocado oil and aloe vera oil -LRB- very good oils also -RRB-
 I recently purchased this cream about 2 weeks ago , and have been using it everymorning when i get out of the shower . I suffer from psoriasis , very dry patches , on parts of my back , neck and behind my ears , that even perscription creams from the doctor couldnt get rid of . BUT ... this cream has almost completely gotten rid of my psoriasis and leaves my skin so soft , i am so excited to now have beautiful skin . And it lasts all day , i dont have to reapply like with most lotions or creams . I love this cream and will continue to buy it for years.If you have dry skin i highly recommend this .
 Product works wonders . I have really dry skin and after one application over night it made a significant difference . Skin was soft and the dryness was gone . Would recommend this cream to anyone .
 We have been using it for years and well worth the purchase . It absorbs into the skin within a few minutes without a greasy or sticky mess . Good results too .
 This product is a great hand cream . Leaves my hands very smooth . I see some reviews complain about using it as a face cream and it really is a bit thick for that , but as a hand cream I highly recommend it . It does have an odd smell but it is not super powerful .
 I bought this for my wife . She works at a hospital and she washes her hands very often . Her hands get very dry . She loves the cream because it provides very good moisturizing . Very good buy . Will definitely buy again .
 Greasy when you first put it on , but it has helped me keep the red dry skin of excema to a minimum .
 Either this stuff really works or I 'm hallucinating . After spreading this vitamin e cream cheese on my face for a week I seriously believe my acne scars are a bit smaller . When you 've seen the same scars on your face everyday for the past ~ 6 months - you notice these things ! I ca n't wait to see my skin after using the entire tub . I rub it on my cheeks and then dab extra cream onto the scars . Like others have noted , the cream is heavy but I do n't mind . I think this is a good alternative to cetaphil cream since they test on animals . -LRB- and a good alternative to cetaphil lotion is the Whole Foods brand lotion btw . -RRB-
 I ordered this cream to use on extremely dry heels and elbows . It has worked well and is not greasy or heavy . My only issue with this cream is that the smell is a bit offputting . Its not horrible , but it does n't smell like sunshine and roses either . The best adjective I can come up with is `` chemically '' . If the benefit is worth the smell , then buy it . It does work .
 This lotion is great . I 've been using it for years and love the price and quality . It makes my skin very soft and the ingredient list is pretty clean for the price .
 This cream absorbs so well , without the greasy feeling other creams leave behind . The smell is not too strong and pleasant . I bought this cream to use it on a scar that would not go away . The scar seems to be better since I have been using this cream . I love Jason products . I used to buy them in a store in Vancouver , but now I am glad I am able to find it online .
 My wife uses this on a large scar from her surgery . It 's helping soften the skin in the middle of the scar . We had tried the Vitamin E oil , but this stays on quite a bit longer .
 I can not believe how wonderful this product has saved my hair from breakage and shedding . I had a problem with coloring my hair and having a relaxer in it . It has truly transformed my hair with no more breakage and shedding , now its soft , strong , and manageable . My search for a great hair product is OVER ! Thanks A MILLION , PANTENE PRO V FOR NOT FORGETTING ABOUT WOMEN OF COLOR HAIR NEEDS !!
 I tried this conditioner and absolutely feel in love with it . It smells so good and conditions my hair very well . I have shoulder length relaxed hair and have tried many many products on my hair . This is the first product that has made my dull looking hair `` come back to life '' . It 's amazing !!
 Can you believe that just for a little over $ 5 bucks you can have salon moisturized hair ! yes you can ! and it 's not a lie . I read reviews about how great this product was for black women with natural hair , so I took a chance . I was n't very excited about buying this product because it contains cones , which is basically lab crap to make your hair look good . I knew this stuff had to be good when I could n't find it at four different stores . I had to travel 10 miles down the street to Target where they had only one left . I snatched it and looked around if anyone else was trying to get this hair crack . I went home and placed this product on my 4A/4B hair and an hour later under a heating cap I almost fainted with joy . My hair was 100 % silky , mosisturized , and the knots in my hair were either gone or smoothed out . This may sound cheesy , but I felt like my hair had POWER ! I still ca n't believe a $ 5 dollar product hooked up my hair like this . I 've spent wayyyyyyyyyy too much money on natural brands -LRB- read my other reviews -RRB- , but this one works so well ! I still stick to mostly natural hair priducts , but this cone based product is staying in my life!The pros
 You may not know it yet but you NEED this conditioner ! It works great on my hair . I do henna treatments about once a week and I use this to condition my hair after . You may or may not be familiar with henna but even though it has great conditioning properties it leaves the hair very dry . I put this conditioner on following my treatment under heat for at least 30 mins and my hair is better than ever . And it adds great slip which makes detangling a breeze.Also , for the price it really ca n't be beat . I 've spend way more on more expensive brands and find myself coming back to this again and again . It 's been getting a lot harder to find so I hope they are n't getting ready to stop making it . I 've stocked up on some just in case * smile * My hair is 3b/c for those who are interested .
 This lotion is amazing . The smell is great , it is not greasy at all ! It is smooth , silky almost . I save this lotion for rare occasions - only to indulge myself occasionally . I never want this to finish ! My favorite lotion ever .
 This is a fabulous after bath luxury lotion ! I am a bath product snob , and this is at the top of my list .
 This is my sons favorite colonge . On his birthday in January , that is what he wanted . I could not find it any place in town . I was so happy to find it on Amazon ... and at a great price also ! I bought two of them . Thanks !!!
 I 've had this little eyelash curler for years and I love it ! I 've tried larger ones , but because of their shape , I just end up pinching my eyelid . With this one I can do a section at a time , usually two per eyelid , and I get gorgeous lashes . The rubber pad did eventually fall out , but an extra one is provided . When that one disappears , you can get replacements for free here :[ ... -RSB-
 Wonderful fragrance ! My girlfriend loves it on me too ! I usually wear Hugo or Polo Sport . I was going to buy the new Diesel fragrance but the Burberry was different and I had to have it!Very Pleased .
 I always buy this for my boyfriend but it was cheaper thru amazon.com . It was shipped quickly !
 I have always loved Burberry for my husband.A clean , subtle scent that is not an overpowering cologne .
 I purchased this cologne for my hubby for Valentine 's Day . I did n't want to pay the $ 60 + it is for this size at Sephora and most department stores . I was so happy to find it on Amazon.com for half the price ! It arrived in perfect condition and super fast - received within 3 days of ordering with free super saver shipping ! It was boxed and shrink-wrapped as if I had bought it at the store ! My hubby loves the cologne and also appreciated the $ I saved ! He smells delicious ! Thanks Amazon and Burberry !
 The price on Amazon is half you would spend in any store , definitley worth the price , and it came within a few days .
 this cologne is by far the sexiest cologne for men . it 's very understated which makes it even more sexy . ladies ... . i highly recommend this for your men .
 First impressions were a bit sweet for my tastes . However , the scent does grow on you , and now I prefer this to my other choices . Give it time to develop ... there are subtle changes over the hours while wearing . Pleasant and mature .
 thisis my favorite . . I check them all out in the department stores and this one has the nicest smell . it also lasts a long time
 I love this cologne ! It 's my favorite and Amazon sells it for almost half price ! It was delivered quickly and in the original packaging .
 I was looking for a different scent other than the famous ones like Black , Armani , BLV which I have used before . This certainly has a spicy and a masculine scent and is good for party / night wear . My girlfriend love it too : -RRB-
 I hate most colognes and perfumes ... they 're always too strong , or smell like something strange . I love this one , though ! Ordered it for my boyfriend and it smells amazing . It 's not too heavy . Manly but delicate . Love it !
 I got some of this fragrance for Xmas and it is lovely . It has a classic and clean smell with manly musky tones and fresh fruity rings too . Suitable for day and evening . Allways gets nice comments from people . Very understated and classy as Burberry do so well really .
 My husband loves Burberry Cologne so I ordered this for Valentines Day for him . He loves it , the bottle is the right size too . I love it on him as well it smells great ! I definately recommend buying it for the man in your life !
 I bought this based on lots of good reviews , and my husband could n't be happier with it . He said he ca n't stop smelling his wrist at work .
 This is the best smelling Burberry they have out . I just order more for my fateher I know he will like it .
 I think this is one of my new favorite colognes . I would give this six stars . I think the Burberry brand is a very popular cologne for men and women . I would buy again any day .
 Nice scent . A very poudery but not overwhelming smell that people love . I usually use it at night . It 's long lasting . . two or three sprays will do the trick . Do n't over do it ...
 I was a little hesitant to buy this perfume . But trust me it is great . My wife loves it and the female colleage asked which one is it to buy for her husband . :-RRB- It stays on till you wash the shirt . : -RRB-
 I first got a wiff of this cologne when a coworker wore it to work . I got the name and immediately went out and purchased it for my husband . It smells so crisp and clean and he smells good all day . My husband has received many compliments on how good he smells . A must for any man !
 Very nice great smellLast for almost 6-8Hrs . Not too strong . Great for every day use.I am using same bottle for more than 8 months now .
 i bought it for my brother and he likeed it , now i 'm jealous its really good perfume i will buy it for my self .
 Burberry touch for Men , When I wear it people always say that I smell so good.I like to dress nice and Burberry touch and the Britt adds a special flair to my style . Its the Best.The price online is half the price you would pay in the local Malls/stores . I spend less and smell like I spent lots of money . I like that ! Burberry and Amazon rocks !!!!!
 I ca n't even tell you how many compliments I have received when I wearing this cologne . I absolutely abhor overly-strong and abrasive scents -LRB- I tend to get nauseated -RRB- , so I dread it when I receive assorted colognes as gifts . However , this past Christmas I was presently surprised by this scent . It 's light , sweet and -LRB- despite other reviewer 's laments -RRB- distinctly manly . It 's definitely in my current rotation .
 The first thing you 'll notice is the floral accord , which on my skin stays throughout . A very pleasant compliment getter and an often overlooked fragrance . Think Le Male without the intense mint and with some violet thrown in .
 Reviews on this cologne or any other is going to be kinda in the nose of the wearer . If you like a sweeter but still masculine smell that will stay long and wo n't need to be reapplied all day . . then this is your scent . I recommend it to anyone . . but then , I like it . This is one of those things you should try out before buying blindly . But this has always seemed like a real quality product and smells great all the time .
 I do like the smell of this . It 's not as great as I remember but I still love it on my husband.Very large bottle that will take a long time to use . I got it for him a couple years ago and there is still a ton left . He pretty much uses it a few days of the week .
 love this product . Always received a positive response from the ladies , trust me , never fails ...
 Women absolutely love this colonge ! It is very nice and soft but still masculine.Can be worn in any occasion and sure to be a hit !!!! I highly recommend this product .
 i purchased this for my boyfriend - it smells wonderful ! the scent is not like a typical men 's fragrance . it is warm , woodsy oriental , amber , and musk , yet still masculine .
 My father wo n't use anything else . He has asked for this for his birthday , Christmas , Father 's Day , etc. . I could n't find it in the stores but it 's here on line .
 Title says it all ! This is the best smell and it never gets old . Just do n't spray too much and you 'll be getting compliments all the time ! Enjoy !
 I 've been using this aftershave balm for years and am happy with it . It 's gentle , pleasant , masculine fragrance seems to last all day . It does n't have a strong perfume scent but is subtle and appropriate .
 I bought Touch by Burberry at one of the leading retail stores for $ 65.00 . When I got home , I decided to check Amazon to see what price they offered . I should n't have been surprised that they had the exact bottle for half the price . The next time we need to purchase a product , we will check with Amazon first !
 This order started out super rocky . I ended up filing a claim because my order still had not arrived a week after the last projected date for delivery . The seller was prompt in contacting me and explaining the situation , though it seemed like they were passing the buck and blaming USPS which I do n't know if I buy because I received other things I ordered after ordering this way before this arrived through USPS , but regardless they were super responsive . For my trouble they even credited half of the price back to me ! I think they had outstanding customer service ! As for the scent , it 's great . I 'm very excited to present this gift to whom it 's intended and I am sure he will love it ! It 's a lovely scent , and it 's completely what I expected after reading the description . Great deal !
 I ordered the item just before Christmas and received it in a timely manner . This cologne is wonderful . I would purchase from this vender again .
 Very nice complementary cologne to wear especially during the spring or summertime . Great smell and casual to wear at work . My girlfriend absolutely loves the smell and ca n't stop smelling me ... I have to use a crowbar to peel her off of me : -RRB-
 I 've been looking for a new cologne for a long time , and could n't really find a scent that suited me . Then I found this on sale , and decided to give it a try . I love it . It 's perfect . Not overpowering , and smells great . I think I 'll be using this for a long time .
 I loved Burberry Touch the first time I smelt it ! I was very nervous about buying it over the internet at such a discounted rate , but Amazon is awesome and I love my purchase
 Always loved Burberry stuff and this is one of my favorite cologne . It may not last as long as some other colognes , but for me , it 's still worth the money as I only use it when I go for shorter outings .
 I ordered this for my brother and he loved it . Its has a very pleasing fragrance . I specifically love the bottle cover . I would definitely recommend this one .
 Scent is like art and in this case smell is in the nose of the beholder . The product description -- floral and citrus leaves with mid notes of cedar and spice , and low notes of vetiver and musk -- is pretty accurate , and I would emphasize `` cedar and spice , and musk '' . I do n't wear it every day -LRB- tacky in an office setting -RRB- but I do get some compliments when I wear it going out to dinner functions . But best of all I like the smell .
 Every man should have this in their collection . I doubt any will find it offensive . Just a pleasing all-around scent .
 This fragrance is awesome . It is subtle but definitely present . I gift this to all my favorite men ... :-RRB- ... and they love it too .
 This is a beautiful scent ; in my opinion better than &#34; Giorgio Armani Armani By Giorgio Armani For Men &#34; . Has a long lasting effect on the cloths .
 I wanted to try this fragrance and this was a great way of getting a decent size travel size sample of it . Next time I 'll buy the bigger size . It 's that good .
 Friend strongly recommended this cologne so I went ahead and bought it . The price was very good and the smell is unremarkable . It 's a very clean scent and lasts all day . I have random people coming up to me and asking me what cologne I use .
 That 's really all I can say . Men ask me what I 'm wearing . Ca n't live without it . My girlfriend likes that it lingers on my shirts .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband and son . I knew my son liked the fragrance because I 'd bought it for him before.It is not overpowering like some men 's fragrances refreshing . My husband liked it , too .
 When one considers the amazing majestic creation of man-kind , they forget that all men were created with Body Odor , and a fairly nasty odor that was.Well Burberry has solved the issue , providing the magic Touch that leaves you smelling as a French designer and perfume mixer decided we ought to have smelled like . Touch provides a dark , rich aroma that ca n't properly be described by any text , as everyone has their own understandings of what a particular word means . Your best bet is to try out a sample purchase and see how it works , as these chemicals react differently with everyone.My girlfriend enjoys the smell of this as well , though she also claims she enjoys my original scent . Hah , as if.In comparison to other ` Eau De Toilette ' -LRB- perfume for men , get over it -RRB- brands , Burberry manages to price this spray at a rather non-horrific price , making it possible for most men to smell decent in public , or maybe super full of perfume -LRB- which is worse than the original odor , as you now smell like a walking endorsement -RRB- . Remember that even though the price tag is fairly steep , these sprays will last you a full lifetime , until you drop the bottle and it shatters everywhere -LRB- unlikely because the glass is so thick -RRB-
 This shipped promptly and packaged for safe arrival . I felt the discounting was not as competitive as comparable products but bought because I 've used the scent and could n't compare others over the net .
 I got this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he absolutely loved it ! He 's obsessed with burberry touch but did n't think I would get it because of the price but this price was amazing ! Super happy with this purchase : -RRB-
 Very happy with this order . Came quickly , and much cheaper than department stores . It was well packaged and it came like it was supposed to .
 Burberry Touch for men smells incredible . It opens with strong notes of violet , then transforms into a pepper and oakmoss scent . Then it dries down into a white musk and tonka bean heaven . It is definitely one of Burbery 's top scents and I highly recommend it . People will compliment you on how good you smell when you wear this . On top of that , the bottle is very elegant with a rosewood top . Amazon also offers this a lot cheaper than most department stores , where they usually sell it for around $ 67 .
 The title says it all . I 've received a good number of compliments -LRB- all from girls -RRB- about my perfume . It has a nice subtle smell that shows class and style . It 's like a good wine
 The smell is good and lasts longer than you think , but the problem is no one will notice really since it does n't go further than your clothes . It does make my shirts smell great for days even after once . If you already have a women who comes up close , then it 's great but for a bachelor , you need another perfume to lure women in .
 I 've never been much of a cologne wearer until recently . This was a recommendation by a colleague . I liked the smell immediatley ... subtle and masculine which is exactly my style . I was also suprised at how long it lasts . I workout during my lunch breat at work and I can still smell it after running three miles and showering -LRB- and i do not spray it on my clothing -RRB- . Overall , this is now my favorite fragerance .
 I bought this product from Amazon.com . It arrived just on time with excellent quality . I have been using this fragrance for years and love it a lot . This purchase from Amazon.com was exactly what I expected with excellent service . Thanks a lot ...
 A friend gave me this aftershave balm because he didnt like it . I think he made a BIG mistake . I love ! Burberry Touch aftershave balm so much because I get the greatest compliments from the ladies . Just one or two drops on your skin and the fun begins . Its got the coolest scent ever . Its indescribable . What i like about it the best is even if you sweat thats when the scent kicks in a notch . I dont think i can use any other aftershave balm .
 I was so happy when I found it on amazon for a great price . I would def buy another one when I run out again !
 Love this scent . It 's masculine without being classifiable as `` woodsy , '' `` musky , '' etc. . Scent is long-lasting and smells fresh and light . The scent has a slight tinge of a leather smell , at least to me ... but is still a sweet smell . Love it !
 I purchased this cologne for my husband not realizing how large 3.3 ounces really was . I think I got a great deal here on Amazon and my husband really enjoys the product . It was shipped quickly and I received a great product . Thanks so much !
 This is one of the best colognes I have in my collection . I purchased the Burberry Brit from Macys about a month ago and I smelled the Burberry touch before I left the store . Once I got home I was wishing I would have bought the Touch along with the Brit . The smell is just so refreshing and lasts for a very long time . Also , it does not make your eyes irritated like some other colognes . I stand by this product . Perfect for wearing in the morning , office , school , special occasions ... endless . Women of all ages seem to notice and like the smell .
 I needed a new cologne after my girlfriend told me my acqua di gio reminded her of her dad -LRB- he wears it too -RRB- . So I hit the mall to find some cologne , Burberry Touch stood out . So I ordered a bottle . I love it , and more importantly my girlfriend loves it too .
 I got it for my husband . He absolutely loves it . The fragrance is great . It is a good buy for men who do n't like after shave splash products .
 I am so happy that I found the Burberry Touch for Men on Amazon ! All the retail stores wanted $ 60 and up , but I got it on here for only $ 35 ! My BF loves this stuff so I am happy that he is happy with the gift !
 I bought this for my partner for Christmas . It 's one of his favourite colognes . We both love it . It smells amazing and he 's very happy with the gift .
 I bought this for my husband for Valentines day last year and he has been buying it ever since . We both love it . Every time he wears it I just want to cuddle up with him ! Great scent !
 This product is wonderful . The seller was good too . Item arrived exactly as promised .
 what a great cologne by burberry . burberry touch is in a league of its own with its mellow smell that lasts and lasts and lasts , even after the gym . women constantly inquire what fragrance it is that im wearing and just leave it to their imagination . I was introduced to Touch back 2005 , ran out and have not stumbled across this cologne until recently and boy have I been missing out . Treat yourself to a bottle this Christmas your significant other will thank you in more ways than one .
 This cologne is awesome ... Not to strong or overwhelming , a soft , light , clean , fresh smelling cologne that is long lasting . I have been using Burberry Touch for years and I would highly recommend it for all men .
 my son had his 24th b-day this was part of his giftthis is one of the scents that he likes to use
 great price great product i get many compliments on this cologne . if u like Dolce & gabana and abercrombie Fierce youll like this
 I 've purchased this fragrance several times . It has an addictive woody scent that lingers with you . People tend to come back and ask what I 'm wearing , closing their eyes to take another whiff -LRB- ladies mostly -RRB- ; -RRB-
 good product and have nice quatilys and i know people will like it . they should try it and see them selves
 I really enjoy the scent of this cologne . It is definitely one of my favorite fragrances but on my skin it does not last very long . Some colognes I can get away with only 2 or 3 sprays to last the day but with this one apply 5 sprays and usually do not get a full 8 hours . That being said I do give this 4 stars because the fragrance is simply amazing . I do not have a very fine tuned sense of smell but whatever is in this I find very appealing ; I just wish it lasted longer .
 All i can say is that i love it . i just love the reaction when i passby women in my work place and immediately stopped by them to be complimented about that lovely scent
 Its different than other colognes . Someone said it before but it does indeed bring about an `` air '' of class that 's been missing in all the macho colognes and body sprays . I 've gotten tons of female compliments since i 've started college last year . Its been my best kept secret since i first got it as a gift from my brother .
 At first thought i had felt this scent was too powdery and floral . After wearing the colgne for a few hours the floral scent calms down and i was told i smelled like baby powder . Not sure if thats a compliment or not ? I do like the smell but im not too sure if ill buy again .
 I love this cologne . Not too strong and the smell will last awhile . I would definitely recommend to anyone that wears cologne .
 I was looking for a different scent other than the famous ones like Black , Armani , BLV , Hugo which I have used before . This certainly has a spicy and a masculine scent and is good for party / night wear . Used it a couple of times and already received compliments . My girlfriend loves it too : -RRB-
 Not too overpowering , subtle fragrance that is long lasting describes Burberry Touch beautifully packaged in side and out and encased in a grey flannel sack -- some very classy marketing overall . Touch has a mildly musky scent , so use it in small amounts . This is n't a `` splash on '' cologne . . a little goes a long way . If you look carefully , you can purchase this cologne for $ 24.95 at local TJ Maxx discount retailers . Check it out before you spend over $ 30 here at Amazon .
 This is a great scent for men - clean and refreshing but not too strong
 Give this scent a chance -LRB- get a sample from your local dept store -RRB- . I could not smell anything the first few whiffs , but then when I took the sample home I discovered that it works great on me . It has lasted me the past few days about 8-9 hours on one spray . It depends on the person , so if you should try it . It 's a light scent , and it was what I was looking for .
 I am new to the world of Burberry . I enjoyed Brit very much and I got this one a few weeks ago . At first I was convinced they were the same , but by smelling each , one after the other , I was able to spot the subtle differences , especially in the dry down . Once this incredible cologne dries on your skin -LRB- give it a good 20 minues -RRB- the complex fragrances begin to work their magic . I get many compliments when I wear this one . And although the Amazon reviewer says it 's `` recommended for evening wear '' I have no trouble wearing it day or night , and this is now a new favorite .
 Without a doubt , this is the best smelling scent for men around . Clean , crisp , never heavy and perfumy smelling .
 Burberry Touch smells sooooooo good ! I bought this for my boyfriend and I swear its like an instant orgasm for me lol . I refuse to let him wear this out the house without me around that 's how good it smells !
 This stuff has a strong musky smell , but my bf loves it and I like it an hour after he puts it on
 Just received my Burberry touch today and not only was the shipping quick but the item in great shape too . Nice work guys and it also smells terrific
 I find this scent to be very unique and interesting . In the bottle it smells like your average generic cologne but on the skin it 's fascinating . I ca n't get enough of it . The high notes smell typical of a Burberry line . The low notes remind me of Dove soap almost ? I have had a couple females tell me it 's similar to baby powder but I do n't smell that exactly . I typically need 4 squirts for it to last most of the day . I got the 3.3 oz bottle and was very surprised at how large the bottle was . It 's easily as tall as my hand .
 Cologne is obviously a matter of personal taste . This particular scent I feel is very professional and not overly distasteful and overwhelming.Wear it for that first date or business meeting .
 First , believe it or not , a little background : Back in the mid '70s , someone was trying to get me to sell a `` health food '' popular at the time . I did a little research and found that at the time anyway , health food had the highest markup of anything on the market except `` cosmetics . '' And I think this product would fall into that category.In my younger days , I used witch hazel as aftershave . It worked as an astringent , did n't cost me an arm and a leg . Then , while dealing with the public , someone suggested quality cologne . I used a few different kinds , paying a lot for it . But this is the first one that people actually noticed!What else can one say about it ? People notice it , and remember you for the scent ?? What 's more , it was much less expensive here on Amazon.com than the same thing would have been at a department store.Yep , this stuff 's the best .
 Is a great purchase , the smell is pretty good and perdurable trough the time but the perfume was n`t on time it ` s tree day out of time .
 Everything was as promised ! Delivered on time , exactly what I paid for . Thank you for holding up your end of the bargain !
 This smells so good ! My husband will be using this for a long time . The scent lasts almost all day . Definitely will be buying this again .
 After doing a lot of research on 2-3 new colognes I wanted to buy , the name Burberry was recommended to me by a friend , who said he tried it and that it drove the ladies wild . I debated between this and Burberry London and finally caved on this cent . After wearing it for just four days I can definitely say this stuff lasts ALL DAY ! I do a spray on each wrist and rub on each side of my neck , and a small spray on my chest and I 'm good for 8-12 hours . As far as appeal goes , I have four different women in the first day smell me and go `` What are you wearing ?! '' So yeah ... TOP buy guys !
 This cologne is superb in its scent and its lasting effects . I was happy to have purchased it from Amazon where it arrived in a timely fashion and I got an excellent bargain .
 I 've been collecting/using the best of the best colognes for a while now and this is the latest to top my list of must-have colognes . You really ca n't go wrong with this one as it has the perfect balance between not too fruity or not too musky . The only downside to Touch -LRB- depending on how you look at it -RRB- is that it tends to be too strong , so stay on for a while , so use sparingly and maybe even spray on from a distance .
 One of my friend recommended me to buy this product . And I am never disappointed with his comment .
 Elegant , yet not too overpowering . I think this perfume is suitable for people in age range of early 20s to early 30s ... Will be weird for old guy to use this perfume . I recommend people to try it out at any perfume store first before buying it . You ca n't really tell whether you like a perfume or not just based on reviews .
 the item arrived really fast and exactly what i was hoping for . great scent the ladies love it . i would buy it again
 Burberry Touch is a great scent that women love ! I know this from personal experience . Add this product to your `` sharp dressed man '' image .
 Awesome product . Extremely happy with the quality . Lasts for a long time and shipping was quick and easy .
 My husband sampled this cologne in Sephora - he really liked it but did n't want to spend the $ on it . So I got through Amazon at 1/2 the price -LRB- even with shipping -RRB- . What a deal ! He was so pleased !!! Shipping was prompt and the product arrived in great condition .
 I am a very heavy colonge user . I always have more than 10 different cologne with me all the time beside my reserve ones which i keep it secretly in my closet . I love burberry and it is by far one of the best cologne i have used since i started using any kind of cologne . This is the cheapeast price you can find in amazon , for the same product outside at Macys or other big name store you will pay over sixty bucks . This is the best deal and the best product you can find period . ! Loved Burberry and will buy again and again !
 I get a fair amount of compliments when I wear this cologne . It smells great when you put it on and lasts all day !
 Imo Burberry Touch is one of the best fragrances from Burberry house . Before i buy this item -LRB- i usually ask my friends opinion -RRB- i got recommendations from 3 different friends who used to have this fragrance and now it is on my top 5 fragrances . It is one of these fragrances that you will never regret to purchase . It is perfect as gift .
 Everything as hoped for . A character requirment for number of words in this field of entry is lame . Real lame .
 I love it and so does my wife . Need I say more ? I have used this scent before and I keep coming back to it .
 This is a great cologne and lasts forever . Sometimes a little to sweet smelling , but it mixes well with other colognes and scentes . Not too overpowering .
 Purchased as a gift . Received product very quickly . AMAZING price !!! Even cheaper than the online fragrance outlets -LRB- with a coupon ! -RRB- Thanks again !!!
 This is my fav perfume from past 10 years and I think I can go another 10 using the same one . Just love it !
 It is hard to give a review on a product that is a Christmas Gift for someone else.It came in a timely fashion so I was pleased .
 The price is unbeatable for a product I would pay top dollar for . This is a must buy this holiday season
 Inspected this bottle very carefully and happy to report that it is authentic -- guess it pays to order from Amazon direct.Touch is a good scent with light musk in the opening ; floral/woody sillage . Good for year round.I 've purchased colognes from the houses of YSL , Versace , Chanel , Issey Miyake , etc. from department stores such as Saks , Neiman , Macy 's , Nordstrom since i did n't want to take a chance on getting counterfeit . But for my latest purchase of Dior Homme , I ordered again from Amazon direct . Keeping my fingers crossed .
 I looked around at different reviews for colognes and also on the advice of the Elvis Duran in the Morning show took special interest in this scent as a valentine gift to my boyfriend . The bottle was quite a bit bigger than I meant to buy . The scent when first applied is cloying in my opinion and smells a bit like baby powder which is a scent I detest . However , when this scent is given some time to mellow out it is just amazing ! It makes me want to eat him up : -RRB-
 I 've all the burberry brand scents and this is undoubtedly the best . It 's a soft , smooth smell so it does n't hit your nostrils as hard as Brit or London . As far as shipping is concerened I recieved the product three days after I ordered it which is always nice . Get the 3.3 ounce bottle because you will use it frequently , it 's versatile enough to fit nearly every occasion .
 Burberry Touch is one of my favorite fragrances . It is traditional , but fresh ! I never tire of wearing it and highly recommend it for men of all ages .
 This item burbury touch is my favourite . This is the only perfume Iuse . Good price.Excellence service by Amazon.com I will recomend Amazon.com to every oneAmazon is the king of all website .
 My husband wears Burberry Touch regularly and purchasing it on Amazon is so much easier and less expensive . I have only had positive experiences with Amazon retailers and continue to shop Amazon with confidence and high expectations of finding quality products and prices .
 This is probably my favorite scent in my whole collection . I am a cologne junkie , and have really been looking for my ` signature scent . ' This is it ; it 's very hard to explain , just buy it ! It 's clean , rich , sexy , alluring and not over-powering or musky like many other mens colognes . I have used Armani Code , L'homme Yves Saint Laurent , Armani Attitude , Kenzo Toyko and I find that they just sit in the back of shelf now ! I find that this is a great cologne for those in their early twenties . L'homme Yves Saint Laurent and Armani Code have that usual ` musk ' that is not very youthful and not what I am looking for.I get complimented and have girls coming up to me asking what I am wearing ALL the time , nearly every time I go out , it 's a lovely experience !
 I bought this for my college age son as a stocking stuffer at Christmas . He loves it and his girlfriend loves it . I purchased a little over and ounce for him from a local department store a year ago but he ran out . I found a big cost savings by purchasing through Amazon . Delivery was fast .
 One of these things is not like the other ! which is the best description for this cologne for it stands out from the rest in its individuality . Its scent is that of its own and I have not found a facsimile . Which in purchasing cologne is hard to do . This one is around the top of the list for its originality and its wonderfully masculine scent step up your game without breaking your bank . By my interpretation it is best worn casually
 I really like this product . The shade is perfect for my skin color . Unfortunately , Shiseido discontinued it . However , fortunately , I could still purchase Natural Deep Bronze from Amazon . I do n't understand why Shiseido would stop making this shade.Thank you Amazon for coming to my rescue .
 Great compact easy cover-up , blends well . Well work the price and lasts a very long time .
 I bought four of these to use in construction work . Working in the middle of august in the Texas sun brings a bucket of sweat down on your head and into your eyes before you get five steps out of the truck . I tried everything , bandanas , terry cloth bands , paper towels , my wife 's face towel -LRB- that did n't go over so well -RRB- and nothing worked except the Sweatvac . I use two layered up my forehead on the really hot days and one for a `` normal '' day . I wash these constantly and they 're holding up great . Plus I walk around looking like I 'm coming from the tennis club instead of a jobsite .
 This is a good headband . It 's light and comfortable . I was expecting it to have more stretch though . I would not recommend this product to someone with a small head . I have a small head and when I wear this during my runs it often slips down my forehead or slips down the back of my hair . I still chose to wear it over nothing though .
 Love love love , comfy and pretty and holds my sweat . I sweat a lot too ! I have a few other ones , but this one is very good for sure !
 I bought this to wear under a ball cap at work . I usually have to wash my ball cap at least once a week here in Phoenix and they end up losing their shape and I have to replace them . This prevents all that , my last new ball cap still looks new after two months . It flat out works !
 Does what it is meant to do ... holds back your sweat and fits snug . It does n't look too bad either : -RRB-
 I would recommend this sweatband . It is loose enough to be comfortable but tight enough to stay on . It keeps the sweat out of the eyes as promised !
 great purchase . it works very well and is exactly as it was described . i would recommend this to a friend . i 've been very happy with it .
 This works amazingly !! The fabric is light and wicks sweat away like nothing else I 've tried . Kept every drop out of my eyes . I 'm an endurance runner in the south and I sweat a ton during the summer in the 90 degree heat and over 70 % humidity . I never have to worry about sweat in my eyes again !
 I love this band . I sweat alot and not only does it work but it 's attractive . I love it ! I 'm a nurse in a busy unit , no more sweat dripping in my eyes !
 Got one of these for Christmas , liked it so much I had to get another . And will probably ask for some more this Christmas too . Great material , light to wear , and not sure how it soaks up so much sweat . Not like Terry Cloth bands that I have to trade out after a couple of racquetball matches , these things will hold up for 2-3 hours of play . Awesome .
 My boyfriend loves it and is going to purchase more . He has a sweating problem and this helps alot . I believe he uses it under his hard hat .
 Hubby says this headband works better than many others he has purchased . We do n't know what in the product makes it work , but it absorbs water and does the job !
 It is difficult to imagine a headband that can keep the perspiration off my eyes during the hot and humid summers . This one works great ! Thank you .
 Our daughter got the Burberry Touch in Paris for my wife . I am very glad I found a place that has it .
 I like that bottle it came in . The bottle was small abd come in a spray container which is imoportant wen trying on a new scent . but not the right scent for me .
 Bought this for my daughter for Christmas . She loved it & will reorder when out . Shipping was very fast . Very happy with amason.com
 LOVE the scent of this perfume and have had many people ask me what I 'm wearing when I go out with this on . I decided to go with the bigger bottle because I had smelled the perfume in a department store prior to this purchase and new how much I loved it ahead of time . I use perfume * almost * every time I go out , so in hopes that it would n't run out fast ... the bigger bottle was mandatory . GREAT purchase , and price !!
 I love burberry . I 've been trying to get a few samples to find the right one for me . This one is soft and great for everyday use .
 Amazon is less expensive than a department store . My wife and I like the scent , it is sweet without being overpowering .
 I 've been wearing this scent for years and I still love it . I still get compliments on it . Great price on Amazon versus other sites . Shipping was fast .2 / 3/2012Finally had to buy another bottle after receiving several for gifts . I still love this scent . It 's the day to day scent that I love .
 I got this item for a much cheaper price than it is sold in stores . It was a speedy delivery with free shipping , and came in only two days ! Amazing purchase !
 Excellent scent , very good price . This fragance smells awesome on girls between ages of 20 to 35 . I bought it for my wife and she loves it .
 I received this heavenly scent as a gift from someone special last Christmas and have worn it almost daily ever since.It 's an iridescent scent that works from day to night , from casual to elegant , from office to an evening out . I 'm finding , too , that its Asian light floral aura transitions nicely from the colder winter months to the heat of summer.People , mostly women , stop me all the time to ask what I 'm wearing and tell me how wonderful it smells.If what they say is true -- that it 's all about smell and timing -- this parfum will get you at least halfway .
 Found out about this scent from a co-worker who was wearing it in the cube next to me and had to have it IMMEDIATELY ! Never bought a fragrance without trying it on myself first , but it smelled so good I HAD to have it ... Well , I still love it and it smells great on me , too . Not at all heavy as some other reviewers have suggested if applied with a lighter hand . It does last a long time which I like .
 Was very pleased with my purchase . Got it on time with no worries . Package was very good . Tracking was very easy and worrie free .
 Very satisfied with the awesome deal i got.Giant bottle for super cheap.This is my go-to perfume & this is the best deal I 've ever gotten .
 I love this perfume . It 's light but the scent does n't disappear . I 've had a lot of compliments on it . The company shipped on time and everything was just as described . I will use them again .
 Item came as expected , very prompt delivery ! Ca n't go wrong with this burberry perfume ... i would definitely recommend it to anybody . This bottle is huge too !
 I 've been buying this for my wife for last 5 years . I adore smelling the powdery fresh scent on her . It 's subtle and lasts all day . to boot she also gets compliments at her work . She enjoys it but I enjoy it more . Better for me .
 This is a wonderful product . I highly recommend it for after sun care . It helps maintain your tan . It is not greasy , so it works especially well on your face .
 The only thing to know about this product is that it 's a for sure head turner . Even guys swallow their pride and ask you what you 're wearing . That 's the bottom line .
 The item was as describe , nice , ca n't ask for more . The seller was prompt . good do business with you .
 Burberry touch smells wow !!!! It has rich , long lasting fragrance . The set looks good too . It is great for guys to give as gift !!!
 Same as what you would get from a major department store only at a much better price . Takes a few extra days to ship out but for the extra wait it 's a great value .
 I saw a 3.3 ounces bottle in a store for $ 75 . Went on Amazon & saw this gift set for even cheaper . I got exactly what I wanted . All bottles were at least 3.3 ounces . Box it came in was in good shape . Ca n't wait to give it to my boyfriend for Christmas this year & buy him something extra with the money I saved . AWESOME DEAL : -RRB-
 This was really what I was looking for . It has a great fragrance and lasts the whole day long . Great price om Amazon for the combo pack
 I bought this set as a gift for my brother . This is the second time buying it for him - it 's a great value and I will probably buy again when he runs out . Came much faster than quoted .
 Good deal !! However ; the original box for product was a bit damaged . This was a gift and was a little hesitant on leaving it in the box . Shipping for product was outstanding . Product was received before original ETA provided .
 GREAT , GREAT , GREAT PRODUCTS !!!! REALLY NICE SMELL ON BOTH !!! THE SHOWER GEL GIVES LOTS , AND LOTS OF LATHER !!!! THE LOTION IS VERY RICH AND MOISTURIZING !!! OVERALL , DEFINITELY WORTH THE BUY ESPECIALLY FOR THE PRICE -- YOU GET ALOT !!!
 This particular fragrance is one of the best citrus scents I 've ever smelled . I even looked on the product label to see what in the world was their `` secret '' blend . Kiwi , Apricot , Orange , & lemon . I 'd have never guessed on the apricot and kiwi , but it is just enough to tone the orange and lemon down , so that it is not too industrial of a citrus . Combined , it is the perfect citrus scent.I showed this prduct to my sister , and the next day she 'd gotten two of them.This is so fresh and summer-y . Plus , the lotion just melts into your skin .
 I first got an individual eyelash curler at a dollar store . After I lost it , it took me a while to find this one on the internet . At the time I bought this one , there were n't any of the cheaper ones -LRB- like the $ 6 Japonesque -RRB- available . I need this kind because after I use my regular eyelash curler , the ends do n't get curled for some reason . I use this just on the corner lashes . I probably would n't spend that much money again on this since there are now other cheaper ones to be found , but it is made well and works well .
 I have been using this product for 4 years now and just love it . I really see a differance in my skin . I use in morning and night under my regular cream . It leaves my skin glowing !!
 Wonderful product , but your price out of line . I pay $ 3.99 at my local drug store .
 I ordered the purple hair combs for a co-worker for Christmas . I was a little hesitate to buy them on line because I was afraid they might look cheesy but when I received them I was so surprised to see how very beautiful they were in person . I would definitely order from this site again for very pretty hair accessories !
 I love this lipstick ! I 've been using it for years and now have several friends who also wear it . It is a different color on everyone , based on their body chemistry . I like the green best -- I wear it every day.On me it is a rose color . The orange makes a peach/coral color and the blue is orchid/purple . You should know the color tends to be on the bright/dark side.One thing I really like is that it goes on very moist , like a lip balm . Also the color stays a long time ; basically it stains your lips instead of a regular lipstick where the color just sits on your lips and comes off easily . Sometimes I 'll wear regular lipstick over it because I think it makes the color hold better/wear longer .
 Fran Wilson 's Mood Matcher Lipstick is the greatest!I 've been using this product for 4 years now . I 've tried many lipsticks , but I always had a hard time matching my lipstick color to the pigment of my skin . I also grew tired of having to constantly re-apply my lipstick -- every 1/2 hour at least -- as you normally would have to with most lipsticks.Fran Wilson 's Mood Matcher lipstick is different . It looks quite odd at first glance . This is because the actual lipstick looks like a crayon at first glance ! This oddity throws alot of gals off at first . But given a chance , this lipstick is just the absolute greatest ! It contains Aloe & other vitamins & moisturizers that condition the lips ; and it comes in many different colors & several different shades . Here is a general list of the Mood Matcher colors available -LRB- but please do n't quote me on the exact colors & the shades they turn to ! this is not a factory list ; it 's just my recollection of their color chart . thx -RRB- . Mood Matcher colors
 If you like makeup that you only have to touch-up occasionally , try this lipstick . It is long-lasting and not dry like other long-lasting lipsticks.I like to put it on lightly , so that it looks more natural , like a stain . It does n't go on all gooey and heavy like some lipsticks . There is no scent or taste to this . It also seems to moisturize , like a balm with color .
 I have tried just about all of the Moodmatcher lipsticks and have , after many years , settled on the purple one . They all go on and stay on all day with just a light touch-up after meals . The purple on me is a bright magenta color , which I love . I used to match the colors to my outfits , but now that I 'm retired , it 's one lipstick for everything .
 I love this lip gloss.The color stays and it 's not as heavy as ordinary lipstick !
 Love this lipstick as it stays on a long time . Do n't have to worry about getting it on clothing or on my husband 's lips !
 I am a long time user of Fran Wilson 's Moodmatcher Lipstick . They are so wonderful & they are so long lasting . Other lipsticks that boast long wearing , you either have to apply additional coatings that peel or feel `` yucky '' on you lips , can not compare to this product . I just wish that I could go in the store to buy them . On this last order , the only downside was that the shipment came from a place called `` Best Beauty Supply '' & although the item in Amazon 's site was featured that you would receive 2 lipsticks on the `` Moodmatcher - green '' , I only received 3 when I ordered 2 sets .
 Amazing product ! I wear it all day and it stays on . A lipstick that actually does what it says it will do . Very pretty pink color comes from the &#34; green color tube . &#34; I ordered three tubes and will definitely order this product again !
 Love the blue . This one is creamy . Love the way the stain stays on after the lipstick is gone.The shade of red it turns to is very nice one me.Hope
 I 've been buying Moodmatcher lipsticks for many years . Although , I 've tried all the colors , there 's one in particular that looks good on my skin ~ tone . Problem was , that I could n't find this ` shade ' anywhere ! And , when I 'd find the shade , I 'd usually have to buy several of the other colors , even though I do n't like or wear , because of ` group packaging ' . But , now I found just the color I LOVE , and was able to buy a few of the same color ~ ! I 'll be coming back Amazon to buy more of Fran Wilson 's , Moodmatcher , light blue lipstick !
 I 've been using this product for at least 15 - 20yrs . Nothing moisturizes as well .
 This is the best lipstick ever ! I have gotten many comments on it . The color is perfect & the Aloe & E moisturizers are great additives . The price is certainly right ! Too bad it 's not carried any more in retail stores . I have used this product for many years & will continue to do so .
 It was very easy to find and order this lip stick . It came very fast and in perfect condition . I would n't change anything about my experience . I just typed in Moodmatcher from Fran Wilson and it came right up .
 Good service at Azamon . I tried to go to Fran Wilson to order but could not get the quanity I wanted did not need 4 tubs the same color . They offered me free shipping but shipping was never take off my order so I did not order . They called me 3 days later but I had already ordered from Azamon . Azamon should figure in the shipping in their cost the item and then do n't charge shipping on top of the orders so it looks like you are not having to pay shipping .
 I have been using this product for years . My favorite color is the light blue moodmatcher lipstick . It lasts longer than ordinary lipsticks . As it says , it is a moodmatcher so it wo n't come out the same color on everyone.Moodmatcher from Fran Wilson -LRB- Green -RRB- The price is very reasonable and it arrives quickly .
 I have had Fran Wilson lipsticks for years . A few weeks ago I was out with my neighbor and she forgot her lipstick so I had her use the `` yellow '' moodmatcher which turned a pretty deep pink on her . We spent the day shopping and had lunch . In the evening she called me and said `` please order me one of these ASAP , the lipstick is still , I want this for work '' . I for some reason have a problem with long lasting lipsticks staying on me , but this one is not drying at all and for the price you ca n't beat it .
 I look for this product in stores and never can find it . These green lipsticks go on in as a pink color that I just love .
 These are great lipsticks ! They are creamy , non drying , and have amazing staying power ! I have used these lipsticks for years and will continue to use these lipsticks as long as they are for sale ! Love these lipsticks !
 The mood matcher lipsticks last a long time without being dry like many of the more standard long lasting lip colors . They are very inexpensive and a great deal ! I have a selection of colors and would recommend trying them all to see which you like best or just to have different colors . Fast shipping by seller too !
 I got this for christmas from my mom and i love it!I got the black lipstick , at first I was scared to try this because I already have too many black lipsticks , but when i tried it it turned like a bloody type red . I love it!It looks amazing!And this item arrived the 24th and she ordered it the 22nd . So it came fairly quickly .
 I am very pleased with my moodmaker lipstick . I find that anything I buy from Amazon is always what it appears to be . Only had the deliver date changed once . I love ordering from Amazon and plan on doing it as often as I need something .
 Great product -- I 've used these lipsticks for years because they stay on for hours and hours -- great seller -- very quick delivery , and a bonus item , too ! Thank you ...
 I love these because they moisturize , but do n't smear and color everything else in the vicinity like regular lipstick does . They are ideal for wearing to the dentist , or the chiropractor 's office for that reason , but I wear them all the time . They give you some color , but not thick or intense color , so you look like you 're not wearing lipstick , but just have pretty lips .
 I 've been looking for this mysterious green lipstick for my mom that was just the right shade . Not too red and not too bright . Well , this is the one folks . Made my 77 year old mom very happy . Thinking of getting some for myself .
 I love the moodmatcher lip color , they are superior to most lipsticks . I put that on in the morning and the color lasts all day without touchups which is great when I am busy at work
 The thing I love about these lipsticks is that they turn just the right color for my complexion . Used this lipstick years ago and was happy to find it here .
 I love this product and highly recommend it to others . This product was recommended to me by a friend ; I use it daily to enhance my appearance .
 The only lipstick I have used for 15 to 20 years , ever since it was sold on QVC shopping network . It used to sell in 10 packs , all different colors . The dark blue and black are my favorites .
 I use mostly the orange and brown . The color lasts and lasts . There are many lip-stains out on the market that I 've tried . NONE last as long as these . They are also moisturizing . For the price they are amazing . I 've used them for years . If you are someone who likes , or wears , cool tones in make-up , there are many colors for you . I am a warm skin-toned person , so the only colors I like that look good on me are the brown -LRB- which is a brownish red -RRB- and the orange -LRB- which is a really pretty coral -RRB- . I wish Fran Wilson would come out with more warmer-toned colors .
 Love these lipsticks but after a lot of use , a big chunk always breaks off . Not sure if it 's a problem w / the lipstick or my application technique .
 I had a tube of this from years ago , could barely make out the info on the bottom , I am so excited to have found it once again . Thanks so much !
 Have used this product since it came out in the '60s . It is a long lasting lipstick and as good as it ever was . The case and elevator seem to deteriorate just before the lipstick is used up .
 This lipstick is awesome ! I remember it from the 80 's ! I used to buy it at the local grocery store but I could not find it after at all . Fastforward a few decades and I find it on Amazon ! Wow!The lipstick goes on a beautiful reddish-pink color but natural looking . It is glossy too . It stays on for hours !! Very nice lipstick . I will buy more ... the shipping is the same price as the lipstick though . . that kind of sucks , but this is the only place I can find it , so I will buy again .
 I have used Moodmatcher lipstick for years . I not only like the color , my favorite is dark blue , but it keeps my lips moist . Thanks for a great product .
 I 've used Moodmatcher lipsticks for years now and prefer them over conventional lipsticks.That said , the product claim that they do n't rub off is inaccurate . They absolutely do rub off on coffee cups , glasses etc. , which can sometimes be challenging to clean . Same applies when kissing -LRB- do n't be fooled ! -RRB- and your partner 's mood will instantly surface in a colorful way . Be aware ! : - -RRB-
 I bought this for my mom who swears by this lipstick . The color is always perfect for her every time .
 i saw it and liked it , that was why i decided to buy it . down the road i will come back to buy some despite what happend.the product looks good to me . thanks
 I love this lipstick . Long lasting , anti - smudge . I have been using it for years and was very happy to find it here on amazon after it was no longer being sold in stores . Green and brown are my favorites as they turn into sublte shades of pink and red . Sometimes I mix the 2 or mix with a lipgloss if I want to affect the colour a bit .
 For years I used Robanda Mood Magic in red for intense red lips . Lately I noticed Robanda is watering down its red color to a pink/coral shade in plase of the wonderful , intense red they used to have . So I tried Fran wilson 's red and it is PERFECTLY red !!!! Robanda red users
 For me it 's beatiful fragance but I would rather biger , the Item is good the deliver was troubled I did ` nt pay the shiping for that but however this is a lot expensive
 still the BEST perfume . Simply the best . Beautiful bottle , sprays nicely , and you can keep the cute little globe long after the perfume runs out . Absolutely love this product . Seller got this to me quickly and easily .
 I got a sample of this fragrance when it first came out and loved it . I came across it again on Amazon and decided to purchase it . Its still wonderful . I have to get a large bottle next time .
 I wondered how tuberose smelled and now I know I like it . It 's a very interesting smell and I would consider buying it if I did n't have a bottle of Paco Rabanne XS pour elle to use . It 's a bit more durable than most floral parfumes , you can smell it on yourself but you wo n't suffocate those around you . I has some green note in it as well -LRB- which I like less -RRB- . The bottle itself is a masterpiece and it 's tempting me even more since the smell is okay ...
 In my field of business I need to have my hair appliances handy . The appliance needs to be able to clamp to a counter with out promblems . This one is perfect !
 Trueste by Tiffany is my signature parfum . I was devastated when it was discontinued but so very happy to find it on Amazon . I received my order in a timely manner and was very delights to have my Trueste .
 I went to get my hair cut last weekend , and when my stylist was done cutting , I had to run out before she could style my hair . She sprayed some of this product in my hair and I just left and my hair air dried . Later that night , I could n't get over how fantastic my hair looked . I have naturally curly hair , and I try so many things to get non-greasy , but non-frizzy , bouncy curls . This stuff was so amazing . I stopped by the salon three different times to try and get in touch with her about what she had used so I could buy some . I finally have it and I ca n't wait to use it in the morning .
 Along with the conditioning benefits I like that my hair is easier to comb . I am unhappy that the price has risen regularly over the past year . I think they 're pushing it a bit .
 Just spray on and manually put your hair the way you want it . After it dries , comb or brush and it keeps the desired style and can not be seen or felt . I love it !
 I can finally let my hair grow without having split ends .
 I love this color and have been unable to find it in stores for quite some time . I recommend it to everyone . I will continue to buy it , and save it for a winter day , as long as i can .
 this chair is dynamite , its chic retro look made outstanding review in my salon , thinking about purchasing more ! looking forward to getting one moresoon came as promised easy to assembly
 This is the only product I use , my stylist has to get it for special . It is a must to buy , the rise will never leave your hair heavy or flat , and I have natural waves . Go get it you wo n't regret it ...
 I discovered this wonderful hydrating serum at a spa weekend with a friend and now I ca n't live without it . It soaks into your skin and provides that needed extra moisture without being sticky or oily . I remember life before Hydrotimale TH13 , but I 'm glad I do n't have to do without it .
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this cologne !!! It is very pleasant and errotic . It smells wonderful . I would recommend this to any man who wants to smell really good .
 I got this Canali by Canali , as one of the best colognefor men 2011 , and i must saythat it really stands outIt is not too loud but just simple
 I think this is a superb product for 15 usd but not for 34 . I would say that compared to the brands I have used this is almost at top . For instance this is equal or better than Molton Brown , the art of shaving , any Loccitane cleansers you want , etc. . But if you compared with Bvlgari au the blanc or Jo Malone products , this is not as good . But well consider that there 's an important difference in price . If you would sell me this Canali at 34 usd , I would better go to the Bvlgari , but at 15 I do n't think there 's any one better than this . Im talking only about the quality but I have to say that the Odor is Excellent for men .
 I have used this product for YEARS . In fact , in fear of it going out of business I purchased several and have them stored . Yes , I am a sucker for looking better , and did spend the $ 200 for the Sonic you know what . Worthless . I do not even know what happened to it . THIS product is good because of the head , the part where the brush is - it is much stronger , gets into the pores better . I should know , I tried many , many other ones , none compared to this one . PLEASE do not by pass this because of the low price , if you already own the Sonic / / / Then , buy this , you will have the expensive one listed on Ebay . DeJournett
 I decided to try the hard wax at a spa which was wonderful but very expensive to keep going back to the spa . I decided to buy gigi hard wax and try it at home . It took me 2 hours to do an extreme Brazilian , arm pits and a small area of my thighs . There was minimal pain , very effective . left my skin soft and smooth . Much cheaper than going to the spa . the only downside is that you have to heat it up often in the microwave ... Solution -- buy the gigi wax kit with the warmer . My very own spa at home . On average I save $ 65 per month . At home the way to go ... GiGi Professional Brazilian Waxing Kit
 That 's right I am irresistible now that I am wearing my Burberry.The ladies flock to me where ever I go.Timely shipping smooth transaction .
 i love this scent from burberry . Everytime i wear it , i always get good comments . Well this is my personal opinion though . Many people share diffrent opinions on various scents .
 close to it . The ladies seem to like it . :-RRB- Its a little too much clean soap and floral for a men 's cologne , but it smells good enough that you forget that . I wear it most days over Aqua di Gio .
 subtle , natural - tones of citrus , wood , juniper , herbal - like the outdoors . not overpowering , too sweet or perfumey , as some men 's fragrances tend to run . `` week end '' has overtaken `` aqua di gio '' as my favorite . best scent por homme i 've run across in years .
 Ive been using CK One and my gf bought me some of this and i instantly loved it . It 's not strong at all and has a little hints of flower smells in it . got some really good compliments with itit was sent very quickly and was packed in great condition . I love amazon prime for shipping me items in 2 days times and their prices are great . I rarely go to stores to buy stuff now .
 I have been using this cologne for years . It is a very light fragrance that stays with you all day . I could n't believe the price on here when I saw it . I had to buy it . Shipping was very protective and fast . It was a great transacton overall .
 My husband has used this cologne for years . The price on Amazon is MUCH cheaper than in the stores . It is also getting harder to find on a retail level .
 I bought this product just over a year ago . After a friend smelled the scent on me , he told me , `` that 's what I want for my birthday . '' The cologne is crisp , clean and affordable . And , it 's not a fragrance that everyone wears . Buy it ... and of course , you can not go wrong with Amazon.com !
 Great scent that creates a conversation . People always ask the person I bought this fragrance for what he is wearing .
 I love it I will be buying a bigger bottle soon !!! Hope it 's on sale by then !!! I love burberry !
 IT 'S A VERY GOOD PRODUCT . INITIALLY I SAW IT AT THE MEN 'S WAREHOUSE , BUT THEY WANTED SIGNIFICANTLY MORE THAN I WAS WILLING TO PAY FOR IT .
 not heavy , tough but mild , fresh , close to floral , sweet bouque.Also it has elegant , sophisticated scents . -LRB- but just for men not women -RRB- Luckily , it become my guy 's favorite perfume , we did n't test before.for reference , he does n't like just Bulary , Armany 's etc. .
 great smellcame in 3.3 ounces instead of 3.4 , i do n't know if it 's just a typo but great none the lessi bought it as a gift for my dad and he loved it
 This is one of my favorite fragrances . It 's very light and crisp , and perfect for the summer . Unlike many colognes , it is not overbearing or too strong . The subtly is definitely a strong point . Great for wear everyday .
 I do n't believe you can get this perfume new in box at this price anywhere else . Add fast shipping to the equation and you 've got yourself an excellent deal . Thank you !
 I like the smell of Weekend By Burberry , although not enough to buy a bottle , maybe another sample . The floral notes are a little too strong . This cologne kind of smells like Coppertone to me , which is n't a bad thing . Actually I use Coppertone because I prefer the smell over the other brands . Weekend By Burberry comes across as very linear , basically smelling the same from the opening though the dry down . The projection is very good , maybe too good . Although that could be because I put too much on the first time . I can imagine buying another sample of this during the winter when I miss the warm sunny days of summer at the beach slathered in Coppertone .
 This product smells good and has a special ingredient that takes away the after tan smell . The bronzer is nothing that will make a huge difference but I have tried many other tanning products and this one is really good and a good price .
 Product arrived quickly and was much cheaper than available in the tanning salon . Very pleased !
 Really good smell . Authentic rose water . Use with sandalwood powder on face for baby soft skin : -RRB- will buy again
 I bought it to use as tonic water for my face . The smell is very rosy and lovely . The water itself is very mild because my skin has no reaction at all unlike other tonic water . Although I do n't see the difference in my skin from using this tonic water , I like the smell and it 's very pleasant to use .
 I use this product to moisturize my skin . I also like to spray my linens with this before ironing . The fragrence is long lasting . Some of the products on the market that you can find are artificial and the fragrance does not last .
 I love this stuff . Use it on my face all the time with great results .
 This is a great product to use as a face refresher and toner . I use it to calm my irritated skin , and also serves as a soft body splash . All natural!The bottle is pink , the water itself is clear , but smells like a bouquet of roses . Great product !!! Great !
 I recently purchased a rose water toner from Sephora for $ 38 , it smelled nice and I liked how it felt on my skin . I however felt like it was totaly overpriced , I am glad I found this product on amazon . as the smell compared to the almost 4 x more price is amazing . It really smells like so many other reviewers stated amazing like you walk past a rose bush . It feels great on my skin and I definitly recommend this to anyone looking for a wonderful smelling toner for a great price.Only con was that it did not come with a spray nozzle , it was a bit confusion as some reviews stated they spritzed it on , so I expected it to come with a spray nozzle , but I went to a local beauty store and refilled it and voilait works amazing .
 I had no expectations when I bought this product but was surprised . Firstly , it 's vor-mag water -- that is water that has been vortexed and magnetized to raise the energy of the water . Secondly , it 's Rose Damascena essential oil . When I saw the picture I did n't know why the liquid was colored but when I received the product only the plastic bottle is colored pink not the liquid inside . The pink bottle adds to the whole energy of it nicely . I 've got an atomizer spray nozzle and have been spraying it on my face and body at any and all times . It is so refreshing and uplifting , I highly recommend it .
 I ordered this 8oz bottle to go into a homemade facial toner . It arrived smelling fresh and uneffectived by the intensive Phoenix heat in which it had to be delivered . This product was for the bulk of my toner , along with some lemon juice , almond oil , and witch hazel . My face looks great and I will be purchasing from this supplier again .
 I was so excited to receive my rose water . I 'd never used it before . I was planning on putting it on my hair -LRB- mixing it with my hair products -RRB- . It really does smell good . I would say soooort of like roses lol . And it made my hair smell really good.But all in all , its just water . I just bought some nice smelling water lol . And I knew that from the beginning , but its all so special until you get it . Nice product .
 tiene un olor muy bonito , se absorbe muy rapido es la primera vez que uso agua de rosas y creo qeu no lo voy a dejar ; -RRB-
 I bought this to add moisture to my dry hair . Its suppose to add strenght and shine . I havent seen either result , but I like it better than using water to re-wet my hair as I roller set . It also smells just like roses !
 I was n't expecting much from such a simple ingredient but I think this stuff has really turned around my skin . And it smells wonderful.I 've used this rosewater by itself , with witch hazel , and with witch hazel and glycerin . Each time my skin has come out touchably soft . My pimples have dried out faster , and my skin just looks better . Plus , now that I 've started using this , I can add other skin care products to my regimen and I do n't break out like crazy , which was the result before.I 'm so glad I read a review for Burt 's Bees Rosewater & Glycerin toner that explained the benefits of using toner . It convinced me to finally get this rosewater to make my own toner . Before that , I had been planning to buy rosewater for some time because I read that French women spritz it on their face to keep moisturized throughout the day.If my skin could talk I think it would say it loves this stuff .
 The container design is daggy as all get out , but the product inside is lovely!This product really smells wonderful and makes a great toner or just a refreshing spray to use to spray yourself with all over on a hot day or when you feel a bit ill . I love it!You can use it in cooking as well.It is a nice spray bottle too , it works well and never clogs . A glass bottle would be healthier to use but would add a lot to the cost I suppose.Watch out for products that say rose water but are really made with synthetic fragrances . This one is the real deal but some others are not ! The synthetic versions are horrible , and taste awful if you ever spray it near your mouth accidentally too.Jodi Bassett , The Hummingbirds ' Foundation for M.E.
 In my pursuit to find an affordable facial toner that I actually like , and to use more natural , sensitive-skin-friendly products , I stumbled across a few recommendations online for rose water . This discovery was particularly exciting for me as I have a strange -LRB- if not mildly freakish -RRB- affinity for rose-scented things . So whether or not this worked out for me as a toner , I would find it worth the $ 8 for something wonderfully rose . I ordered the 8oz bottle.Delivery was fast with the product in perfect condition . I hold all rose-scented things to a certain standard
 Excellent product , shipped quickly , and I received exactly what I was expecting.I use this rose water in conjunction with a serum . The serum is great for my skin , but leaves it just a bit tight after it fully absorbs . I apply a bit of the rose water after the serum , and it refreshes , locks in some moisture , and prevents that tight feeling from occurring . Also , smells divine .
 I purchased this rose water at my local health food store , and I must say I am impressed ! It has a wonderful , fresh , almost citric rose aroma , and is incredibly anti-inflammatory both in my eyes and on my skin . It also seems to refine pores . As for a flavoring for food , I 've never tasted another rose water , but I would love to try this one !
 I use this product in the winter time . I find that it is not as harsh or drying like the other brands . I only use it on my face . I ca n't imagine ingesting it but that 's just me .
 I love this rosewater . I use it as a facial toner and add it to my hair oil with glycerine . It gives my face a great glow and smells great . My face looked so much much smoother on the first day ! I will definitely be buying this again
 I wanted something to help with my face , a toner as well as a moisturizer . I did some searching a came upon Rosewater so I decided to purchase this item since it 's pure . The smell is wonderful and the cleanliness feeling is great ! I started using it on my body right out the shower to close my pores and to add extra moisture with my other moisturizers . A fantastic product that I recommend .
 Great product I use it in my hair . Its healthy and it smells wonderful too . Between you and I , I 've used it as a quickie perfume too . In that capacity it 's not an all day thing but the first couple of hours got me complements .
 I adore the scent of roses . My family has a special connection to it , and it always makes me smile . There is a very calming quality to the scent , which is probably why people use it in aromatherapy . Heritage Products has a wonderful product in their rose water . It has a delicate note to it , without being overpowering . What 's more , if you are having a skin allergy/redness of any kind , just dab a small amount on a cotton ball , and it resolves your issues , while leaving you feeling as fresh as a rose garden . I like to drip a few drops on my clothing , and my pulse points . Highly recommended and a little goes a long way .
 This is a beautiful rose smelling air spritzer which smells very natural and not artificial or soapy like some chemical-laden air freshener . I also use it as a linen freshener before I make my bed , and its wonderful as a room freshener . I love all of the Heritage products and also have been using their Aura Glow body oil for around 22 years and never found a reason to use anything else . I 've been using this rose air freshener for around 10 years . Absolutely wonderful !!!!!
 I use this in my families hair mositurizer and we all love it . My husband uses it more than anyone lol . But I will surely will be buying rose water again
 Smells wonderful . It is a great addition to your home made masks , as a cleanser and toner . Love the beautiful smell and it not harsh on your skin . Did I mention it smells great ?
 I always wanted to add rose water to my skin care routine and am so glad I found this on amazon , is a great toner and for a great price .
 wonderful for hair and body . i spray this on my hair and it makes it smell wonderful . spritz little on your body and smell like field of roses .
 This rosewater smells exactly like what it 's supposed to , but it 's not powdery at all . I use it as a toner after oil cleansing my face . I want to put it in my spritzer bottle next .
 I 've been using this rose water every day since I got it , and I 'm not waking with flaky skin in the mornings . It is the only change I 've made to my routine . I massage it in after cleansing and toning , and before the Shea butter I use for moisturizing . I 've been dealing with Sahara skin for years because of my thyroid , and it feels like I 've won a prize to wake without flakes after all this time . My makeup goes on like a dream now , and this smells heavenly . I will order it again .
 I love using rose water and glycerin as a moisturizer ... and love just using rose water as a toner and perfume . But , wish it came in a spray bottle instead of a squeeze bottle ... I know this probably helps keep the cost down , but would be so much more convenient . Heavily scented ... if you love the smell of roses as I do -LRB- reminds me of my grandmother -RRB- , then I highly recommend this for you .
 I love this product . I use several times a day on my face , love the scent . I spray all over and use with the rose oil
 I use this as my daily toner . Smells great ! Works nice as a pre-lotion toner . I put it in a sprayer and mist it over my entire face and neck .
 I has a very strong rose fragrance . And it really works as an astringent . A little goes a long way . I 've owned it for over a year and still have almost a full bottle .
 I use it as part of an Edgar Cayce skin recipe -LRB- along with other oils -RRB- . It smells very pretty . Recommended .
 This product has an exquisite fragrance of Damascena Rose at a wonderful price . First one that I 've found with a truly beautiful smell and no nasty ingredients or chemicals added . I love using it as my after bath spritzer . Although it quickly evaporates , the smell is uplifting while spraying and my skin loves it - feels so much better - no more extreme dryness . I still have to use moisturizer , but this product serves a separate purpose . So happy I found it .
 I have the most sensitive skin in the world ... I break out in rashes if I use something new to the point it looks like I have some sort of disease . It 's really terrible . But this stuff is great . I love the smell of it , I completely trust the ingredients , it does n't dry out my skin ... it 's one of my beauty products I ca n't live without . If you have sensitive skin , or acne , or anything like that , try this stuff as a toner . I put it on when I get out of the shower and then apply moisturizer . You will love it !
 this rosewater is lovely ! im shocked there is negative reviews ! if you dont like the smell of wild roses - dont buy it ! this is a very floral-y sent . smells just like `` fresh cut roses '' Yankee candle . for me i love it . i use it as a body spray and got so many complements . also works great to set my makeup . definitely recommend .
 This is great Rosewater . It smells lovely and worked perfectly for my homemade facial care recipes . It does not smell perfumey or fake . The rose scent is ideal and not too overpowering . I like the fact that it 's all natural .
 I recently went natural and I purchased loads of essential oils to mix w/my shea butter.I bought this on the recommendation on some one else ... . have not used yet!SMELLS GOOD !
 This is a superb rose water , suitable for the body , rooms , and cooking . I have tried dozens of rose waters and this is the best for quality and price . If you are looking for a beautiful bottle to enhance your vanity table this is n't it though . Buy this product and pour into a beautiful container . Other rose waters which cost five times the price and come in lovely glass atomizers have so far disappointed me in terms of the rose scent quality . I trust this company to NEVER put anything other than high quality , pure rose absolut essential oil into this product with water . It is certified by periodic laboratory testing to be free of pesticide residues and it is not tested on animals .
 This rose water makes an excellent facial toner . It minimizes pore size , softens the skin , and gives off a radiance . Also , the rose water is refreshing on the skin . The aroma of roses is smells natural and does not have a overly pungent manufactured scent . I love this stuff !!!
 I spray this in my hair and on my face . It is refreshing and the scent reminds me of the scent of roses wafting in the air when you walk by a rose bush on a beautiful summer day . This product is intented for angels and butterflies only .
 This product is gr8 and has a very good aroma and natural . A good toner and it refreshes and calms my skin . This product suits my dry acne prone skin . Delivery was quick . Thanks to Heritage for such a wonderful product .
 I like to use the rose water in spritzes when I do my twist outs . It leaves my hair , not only smelling great , but nice and soft . It also enhances the curliness of my twist outs . I 'm ready to buy more of this!The rose water sold by Heritage has no unnatural ingredients in it . There is n't an artificial rose scent added to make it `` smell like roses '' while not containing actual roses . This brand uses mainly European roses -- I believe . It is also made organically . I was surprised , also , to not have an allergic reaction to this brand of rose water , when I have sensitivities to perfumes .
 I have tried a couple of other rose waters over the years , and never quite thought much of the fragrance . Recently someone suggested rose water to me again , so I went to Whole Foods and found this stuff . The fragrance and the simplicity of the formulation has grabbed me . There is a depth to the fragrance that I did not notice in the other 2 brands . I keep coming back to this for my face , as a base for moisturizing , and as a finisher after I have `` made up . '' I spray this in my son 's hair . I use it on my body , and on the linens . The fragrance reminds me of my dear Nonnie 's heritage roses , and has been a hopeful uplift during these last lingering days of winter . I can only hope that the mag vortexed water that carries the scent is subtly working wonders on my skin . My DH raises an eyebrow at this , but I do n't care . I am glad that someone out there is forward thinking , and I like thinking about the possibilities for goodness that this water brings to my daily life .
 I use this to spray in my room . It really relaxes me and I love the smell !! The smell does n't last long because it 's water but it 's nice to just breathe in for a minute .
 This rosewater is very nice . Lovely fragrance . Very light . Great for misting in your hair . I definitely plan to order it again : - -RRB-
 I love the smell of rosewater ! I mist my face with this morning and night . In the winter , I add a little glycerin for extra moisture .
 Alfred Dunhill began in 1893 as a saddle and harness manufacturer of excellent workmanship . Over the years he branched into upscale men 's accessories and the brand has always been associated with superior quality . This offering does not disappoint . The design of the bottle is unique and easy to handle . The Eau de toilette has an Oriental/Spicy upper tone and Woodsy/Earthy lower one . It is sophisticated and masculine but not overbearing . I recommend it for a mature man in a professional setting as well as social events . `` The chicks dig it ! '' .
 My husband has been using Royall Lyme for 30 years , and it is difficult to find . The high end men 's clothing stores that sell it are frequently out , especially before any present-giving time!On Amazon , I can find it , it is less expensive than in the local men 's stores , and I receive it promptly.Can ' t beat it !
 I like fragrances with a citrus quality and this is it . Excellent lime fragrance but never over powering or sweet . And I have ordered additional bottles .
 Great product have used for years . Best cologne I have come accros . My father introduced me to this product and it 's the best
 Royall Lyme is refreshing , long lasting and can be renewed at the end of a busy day by gently splashing your face with water .
 A splash of Royall Lyme brings back so many great memories of Bermuda . Now that they have licensed it to other manufacturers in the US , the price has come down to reality .
 Everything came nicely packaged , it arrived quickly and in time for our anniversary . Although my husband likes it and the scent is very appealing it does n't last very long . Within 20-40 minutes of applying it , it hardly leaves much of a fragrance . Other than that very pleased !
 I must tell you , I LOVE this product . It is always delivered as promised , is consistent in packaging and scent . I have ordered over a dozen bottles over 5 years ... My personal preference . So , if you like lime , a manly fragrance , and a refreshing invigoration , this is the product for you .
 I 've gotten hooked on this refreshing after-shave lotion and use it summer and winter . It 's not overpowering like some I 've used but retains a hint of lime all day .
 My husband and I received a basket of these . We love them ! I have used the lyme , mandarine and even some of the more masculine lotions -LRB- afew drops in warm water will do it -RRB- for sponge bathing when I do n't have time for a shower or just want to ` freshen up ' . They all make me feel great ! It even makes the bathroom smell divine .
 Great that you can find here the smaller version of the Eau de Toillette Black from Bulgari.So indispensable for the traveler .
 This is the only in-line desiccant I 've purchased , so I can not compare it to others . At first I was concerned that the threads on each end were plastic , but with Teflon tape , I do not have any leaks . However , if you need to move your hose around , the hose would need strain relief so the force is not directed to the plastic connection . The desiccant changes colors as it absorbs moisture . For me , this happened in about 1/2-day 's use .
 Not very experienced with the filters , but this was my first try.Pros : Do the job wellVisual indicator is hard to beatConsDont last very long . They run out within 1 hour of continuous use with my PC compressor and spray paint using HVLP gunYou have to take out the orange `` stopcorks '' before using them . I didnt know till i got no pressure ... then had a hard time getting one out ... no instructions to remove them of course didnt helpWater sometime drips on the work surface ... should probably have a better mechanism but dont know what other alternatives are out there ... i guess i will experiment and learn
 I love this toner . It 's gentle , nondrying , keeps my skin clear of blemishes , and it smells nice too . I have very sensitive skin and this is perfect because it 's alcohol free . The aloe moisturizes and heals , rosewater balances out combination skin , and the tannin-rich witch hazel bark extract tightens pores and also encourages new skin growth and helps to heal wrinkles . Also I have found that a bottle lasts a very long time , so to me it 's worth the initial expense .
 I shave my face and head -LRB- I try to stay bald -RRB- 3 to 4 times a week . My routine is
 I 've been using Thayer 's Aloe Vera and Rose Witch Hazel for several years and I ca n't recommend it highly enough . It tones without drying . I have very sensitive skin and eyes and it never burns . I use it to remove makeup too . I also like the lavender toner , but rose is my favorite .
 i bought this product often . it is great toner for any kinds of skill and of course for any seasons . feel gentle , moist . smell great .
 I 've been dealing with acrylic nails and nail glues now for 25 years , and this Big Bondini Hypo-Allergenic nail glue is the best I 've ever used . Most importantly , I am so allergic to so many chemicals , and this glue did n't faze me whatsoever , as far as being harsh or causing any allergic reactions . The glue also held better than any other nail glue I 've ever used . My only problem with it is that I live in a big city and despite researching all local resources , had to order it , i.e. , read `` pay shipping , '' Other than that , it is a great , great product .
 THIS PRODUCT IS AMAZING . IT WORKS GREAT . I ALSO HAVE THE LARGER SIZE IN A BOTTLE THAT HAS A BRUSH , BUT THE SMALLER SIZE IT GOOD FOR TRAVELING . IT DOES NOT CLOG .
 I was surprise by how small the bottle was , but anyway on the other hand it works amazingly !!! No other nail glue works like this one !!!
 Awesome Product ! Has been holding my set of tips on longer than any other product . This is a must have !
 This men 's scent has been around `` forever '' , I 've used it since I was in high school . there are n't a lot of products with that kind of track record , must be doing something right .
 MY husband wo n't wear any other . SO happy to it fine on you site ! Thanks so much for always being there ! Service was fast as always .
 I work in an almost all female office . We recently acquired a new male colleague who from the outset was subject to a startling level of female interest . This man is not particularly attractive physically - however , he SMELLS delicious to the point that everyone talks about it . One of the bolder ladies asked him what scent he wore and it turned out to be Khiels musk.It 's hard to describe how it smells , although with respect to the previous reviewer I certainly would n't describe it as being similar to Body Shop White Musk . It 's very heady , spicy , aromatic and quite intoxicating.I would certainly recommend it to any single guys out there looking for a lady friend . Ca n't imagine anyone being able to resist .
 I love this scent . The Kiehl 's stores are often out of it and this is one of the few places it can be found . This is a soft scent that is more evident to others than to yourself . A little goes a long way .
 I bought this for my mother for Christmas and she loves it . On the Kiehl 's website , this product was unavailable , but I was able to order it through Amazon 's marketplace . It even arrived in time for Christmas !
 The delivery was super-fast and the product was just as advertised . Good buy , would highly recommend . The perfect mix of spice/musk that is not overpowering . Intense smell at first but quickly dries and leaves a great scent.Great year-round .
 I have quickly become a Kiehl 's fan and love their products . This would have been a 5 star rating if it had staying power . I layer it with Kiehl 's Musk Oil and matching body lotion . I do receive compliments when I wear it ... not too strong , not too sweet .
 The product is a very nice moisturizing lotin . The ingredient `` squalane '' was reccommended to me by my dermatologist . Try it , you 'll like it .
 Living in CO drew out my allergies - never had them be4 . Squalane Lotion recommended to me by Vitamin Cottage staff , was the only product that toned down my red face and tight skin Any time something screws up my face PH I grab the lotion . The doctors cld not even recommend a soothing solution . Go w/it - u wo n't be sorry . Cheaper on Herbs Prov . $ 6.50
 I bought this as a gift for my husband for Christmas and he LOVES it . I think it has quickly become one of his favorites . It is a crisp , clean and fresh scent that is n't too overpowering . The scent of it is n't always the same each time you wear it , which is great . I highly recommend it !
 Great seller ... great product . Love the smell and got it at a great price too !
 THIS IS ONE OF MANY FRAGRANCES I WEAR , BUT THIS ONE REALLY MAKES ME HAPPY AND PEOPLE ALWAYS ASK WHAT ARE YOU WEARING . IF YOU WANT TO TURN HEADS BUY THIS FRAGRANCE .
 I am a woman and I use Kiehl 's Orignal Musk . I enjoy the smell of musk but most are too loud . This smell is light and fresh . I enjoy wearing it especially in warm months .
 Great original scent which draws a lot of attention from people.My only complaint is that it does n't have a long life , meaning I have to reapply it during the day .
 This product is VERY hard to find !!!! Amazon , however , steered me to the product , it was delivered in a few days , AND I SAVED ALMOST $ 20.00 !!!!!
 Kiehl 's classic star product , in the most convenient , practical presentation.Best if combined with the shower gel & the body lotion .
 i love this fragrance ! after years of being a fragrance whore -LRB- literally , dozens ... the money i could have in my account ;-LRB- -RRB- this the one i wear everyday . it is a bit heady but at the same time fresh and clean . i will occasionally wear marc jacobs or guerlain vetiver -LRB- gemini that i am , i have to mix it up once in awhile -RRB- .
 I liked this product . Beside it true -LRB- real -RRB- manly scent of the nutmeg , as base of all toilet water for mans . Its have much valued the people , as very business , strict , uncompromise . The Aroma remains not perceptible when use , but is long felt -LRB- sounds -RRB- after . If You want to leave its trace in the manner of aroma to about You to recalled . buy and make use . Alas , has puted 4 since some woman spoke that smell -LRB- blows in -RRB- , soap or old grand mom by toilet water.Alex
 I love the way this Musk by Kiehl 's makes my skin smell musky and sexy ! Throughout the day , I spend a lot of time in the sun , and by the end of the day I can still smell my perfume ! I live in Florida , and usually perfume sweats off of me , but this Musk lasts and lasts ! It changes scent , too .
 I got this for my husband for Christmas after seeing it on Queer Eye For The Straight Guy ... and he LOVES it ! The musk often changes it 's scent and has a crisp , clean and fresh scent . I LOVE smelling it on my husband . I have yet to try it as it says it is unisex . I am sure I will though . As far as a men 's fragrance goes , it 's great . Highly recommended .
 I had a been a Polo man for years , then switched to Farenheit about 5 years ago . I like it a lot . Just never made me feel like I was wearing something that inspired anyone . Like good background music , but if you 're like me you want a woman to moan when she gets close to you.I ca n't say this produces that effect either , but what i will say is that you do n't feel like you just walked into the mall . It has its own thing going and to me that is meaningful . You do n't feel like you are wearing perfume , more like you have a nice masculine scent . So if you like subtle , this is a good choice.One caveat - short life-span in my experience . You will defnitiely need a reapplication if you are an all day cologne guy.I have it set aside now for those occasional times when I want to wear something that is more subtle . I have just begun wearing Creed Green Irish Tweed as my every day and am convinced of its merit and feel the steep price is worth it .
 From what I can tell , the spray has been out of stock with Kiehl 's since June but the essential oil is still going . This is real musk without the overpowering additives that other companies use . Also , this is a great price for this size bottle .
 i love this fragrence . It smells great on me . You should probably sample it on yourself before purchasing it . My sister hated the way it smelled on her , i guess everyone has different body chemistry . However , i love it . It lasts all day and just smells so fresh and clean . It also moisturizes ur skin ! Whenever i wear it , i get complements from both men and women .
 If you are looking for clean scent , that out of the shower scent , the rest of the day , then this is it ! I am a man and I love this scent and so does my wife ! Sexy and clean all at the same time .
 My son has been using this scent for several years now and absolutely loves it . Good price for bottle size .
 This is an excellent product . It smells fantastic on either my wife or myself . It adapts its scent to the individual and smell amazing .
 I have psoriasis and this soap gives good relief . Also lathers very well . Fair price . I would buy again . thank you
 loved the old fashioned aroma and feel of this soap , also the coconut oil with witch hazel was great for for the skin ... will use again !
 The soap does exactly what its aid to do.Great results , cleaner skin and less acne . Noticable difference in the clearness of my skin . I reccomend a moisterizer for use after as well
 This soap was recommend it by a friend , to avoid yeast infections , and urinary rack infections , and so far it has been great ! , I truly recommend it !!!
 This soap is wonderful for sensitive or itchy skin - very soothing !! Mild enough for children - highly recommend for anyone wanting a product that is kind to their skin !
 Great product ! Love it ! Very pure and light . Clean and fresh ! Very good for sensitive skin . Can also be used on face for a pure clean .
 `` Repchage seaweed comes from a 19 square mile area on France 's Brittany coast . More than one hundred species of seaweed are found here . Pollution never harms the seaweed . Brittany has one of the strongest tides in the world , reaching up to 13 meters -LRB- 43 feet -RRB- every 12 hours . This creates a self-cleansing effect , enhanced by the sea 's own natural antibacterial properties . `` The Repchage Algo mist is not highly scented with essential oils and may work in situations where you want to mist your face , but not cause a reaction from say , passengers on a plane who are allergic to perfumes.This is a mild , unscented spray with seaweed , vitamin C and Gingko Biloba . The benefits are balancing , nourishing , hydrating , oxygenating , detoxifying , purifying and cell regenerating . The mineral salts help to provide a moisture balance in skin cells and the amino acids stimulate the production of collagen and elastin . The tiny seaweed particles help the nutrients to be absorbed into your skin . Each particle is 6-20 microns in size and the seaweed undergoes a special process called `` cyobroyage '' to retain the active elements needed for skin rejuvenation.The mist is fairly fine , but I would n't use more than one or two sprays if I was wearing makeup at the time . Add two to three drops of essential oils you know are safe for your skin type to make this a scented facial mist . Rose oil is good for mood enhancement and makes this a dreamy mist.You may also enjoy the Sea Spa Body Wash , Re-Energizing Seaweed Body Cream , C-Serum and Hydro-Complex PFS.Using this mist in dry weather produces a much more relaxed and nourished complexion with the feeling of your skin being moisturized without having to use heavy moisturizers . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I am pretty skeptical when it comes to stuff like this . A watery mist seems pretty stupid to me . I bought it on a whim when I decided to give myself a facial on vacation . It was one of the best purchases for my skin I 've ever made . It 's clearly not just a watery useless spray.In fact , I do n't know if I 've ever noticed such a difference in my skin with any other product . That may sound silly to you , but I live in Arizona and it is dry as a bone here . I put on my regular moisturizer and then spray this on my face , let it dry a little bit before I put any make up on , and my face stays moisturized but does n't get super oily in spots that normally would . I break out less when I use this stuff , too.Of course , everyone 's body chemistry is different , but people should definitely give this stuff a try -LRB- and they do n't sell it at Sephora , I 've tried -RRB- .
 I have been receiving facials with this spray from a local spa , and I just had to buy it -- although I avoid overpriced skin products , there is nothing that has ever been so fantastic for my woefully combined oily-with-dry-patches skin . The formerly sandpaper-like patches on my cheeks -LRB- around mouth area -RRB- and forehead are instantly `` fixed '' for 24 hours , even when I have to rush and miss the rest of my facial routine ! My oily nose and chin do not become worse with it , either -- nothing else that works this well on my dry spots lasts as long without causing me to break out elswhere . The light scent is refreshing aromatherapy , and I ca n't say enough about the wonders this product does for me and my skin . It is worth every penny , so do n't hesitate to buy this . LOVE IT !!!!!
 SUMMARYI love-love Just Me on special occasions but not everyday . Just Me is VERY spicy , VERY dark , and VERY leather . Many people would consider it VERY masculine too . Not for everyone . Just Me . ; -RRB- REVIEWI 've been looking for a dark , spicy oriental that was non-floral and low in sugar . Just Me by Montana is the one ! Love from the first spray - it 's intoxicating & dreamy . Surprisingly , Just Me is utterly fantastic in hot & steamy weather -LRB- over 90 F -RRB- . Not only FBW , but Just Me will compete for space in my top 5 . Very easy to wear.I immediately recognized Just Me after 10 minutes of my first wear . It 's not that Just Me is common ; it 's that Just Me is that memorable . I 've long ago forgotten the woman who wore it , but I sure do remember the scent . Clearly , JM is signature scent worthy.BTW , the bottle is beautiful , substantial & great quality - highly recommended for collectors ! Also , Turin highly recommends and laments its passing ; he 's written up the history of Just Me and its relationship to Angel , which was created at the same time with the same philosophy . Angel hit big , Just Me did not & was a casualty of Angel 's success . Interesting read!UPDATEI would describe Just Me as a dry scent , as compared to one that is wet , steamy , or resinous . This is very well blended on me . I do n't get pronounced chocolate , fruit , honey or sap that other reviewers note . Also , the jasmine does not present itself to me -LRB- thankfully -RRB- . Wears better on me in warmer weather than cooler weather .
 UPDATE AUGUST 2010
 I have been using Pernox on and off for 25yrs but stopped using it for the past year to try gentler products for maturing skin -LRB- over 40yr old female -RRB- . I am now breaking out more than ever ! I am so glad I read the reviews for Pernox on Amazon because it reminded me of my old favorite product . So far , it 's only been a day , but I can feel it really cleaning my face , and drying up the breakouts ! The sulfar is great for healing , the salicylic acid and scrub will hopefully peel away my scars ! I use cetaphil cream after I wash in the evening . I am so relieved to have Pernox back in my medicine cabinet and will never be without it again !
 This is an excellent skin cleanser , especially for oily skin . Not just the face but chest and back too .
 My wife has been using Pernox forever -LRB- 30-35 years -RRB- . Throughout that time as new products came about and the price of Pernox rose , she never wavered . Nothing could or can beat Pernox . We could see the end coming for a long time because it became harder and harder to find in the stores . Finally it was no longer there . My wife started trying other products but nothing worked . I could tell because it really showed in her skin . She developed blemishes and age spots and sores and nothing helped . I thought that Pernox was gone , but I decided to try Amazon.com and low and behold , there it was and at a more than reasonable prise . My wife is happy -LRB- her face shines again -RRB- and I 'm happy . Great Great Product !!!
 My teenage son starting breaking out , I started using all types of acne products - nothing seemed to work . I asked my neighbor what acne product her teenage son was on -LRB- I noticed his skin looked great after a battle with acne -RRB- . She metioned this product . I bought it and my teenager started using it , I saw immediate results.Over the summer my son got lazy stopped using the product , went back to regular cleansers and acne reappeared ... within a week after he re-started with his daily use of Pernox his acne has cleared up and his skin looks wonderful!I can no longer find it at Walgreens , glad I found it on line . He does not want to be without , this is the best product I have found for him .
 This is the only acne medication that has ever worked for me . I used to get really painful acne until I tried this and it has gone completely away . It 's expensive but you only need to use a little bit each time .
 I used Proactiv for a long time but my dermatologist recommended Pernox . I think it is the best facial scrub money can buy at a fraction of what a dermatological abrasion would cost . I love the results and I am already at my second bottle . I do n't use it every morning and from what I understand from my dermatologist it can be used once in a while if you use Proactiv .
 I 've used this product for over 25 years , and it 's getting really hard to find . Great for oily skin that 's not overly sensitive .
 this stuff works better than any acne med i 've ever seen . easy to use , too . a little stinky , but it fades fast . dry skin will need moisturizer , like most acne meds , otherwise ... it 's perfecto !
 I have had problems with my skin most of my life . I finally managed to clear it up a few years ago and then perimenopause hit.Nothing I tried worked untill Ifound this product in a Walgreens store -LRB- I have to order it on-line now -RRB- . You talk about instant gratification . I was amazed at how polished and smooth my skin looked . My makeup went on better and my moisturizer worked better and within a week , my face showed a mark improvement in appearance , texture and tone . My acne had reduced and spot treatments helped get rid of what was left of my acne . If you have mild / severe acne , I would highly recommend this product . If you have sensitive skin , this product may not be good for you because it is harsh . I use this product twice daily but when I started using it , I used it once daily . Its not like ordinary scrubs . This scrub can dry your skin out if you use it improperly . In other words , no more than twice daily.Have you tried every acne clearing product out there ? If so and if nothing has worked , Try this.I am certain it will work.It is pricey but the payoffs and if use correctly far out way the cost . A bottle should last about 6 weeks , if used correctly .
 A great product for those with oily skin . Leaves skin very clean , with a slight lemon scent . May be too harsh for those with sensitive skin .
 This was recommended to me by a dermatologist about 25 years ago and I have n't stopped using it since . My local drugstore has stopped carrying it . Thank goodness I found it on Amazon ... just like everything else I buy ! I use this once a day at night and Ivory soap in the morning followed by Burt 's Bees blemish stick .
 An excellent product that I have used for years . I was glad to find it on line .
 I started using this product more than 30 years ago for an acne problem . I have continued to use it on a daily basis because I tend to have oily skin . This product is nothing short of amazing . I give it credit for the complements I have received over the years for having great skin , even though I am a 52-year-old man ! The company that makes this product should rebrand it as a microdermabrasion beauty product and make a fortune ! I will dare say that it is better than anything over the counter that claims to help resurface the skin . Like others who have written reviews , I used to be able to purchase Pernox at the local drug store until they stopped stocking it . Thank God for the internet . I will never be without this product . Try it once - you 'll be hooked !
 I have been using this for 10 years , it works better than any other product on the market . I hope they never quit making it !
 I have struggled with oily skin since I was 13 . Now that I have reached perimenopause age -LRB- 46 -RRB- the oiliness seemed to accelerate , proably due to hormones . For the last 11/2 years I have given up on wearing makeup due to the fact that foundation was not lasting , within 3-4 hours my forehead was like grease in a frying pan . Even makeup counter makeup with double oil control was not lasting . I decided to try this product as a last resort , having researched products online and research seems to indicate that a sulphur based product seem to be effective on oily skin . This product works better than anything else I have used . I can actually get through the day without looking like I can fry an eg on my face . I give it an excellent rating .
 I am 40 and have been using this very same Pernox Scrub for more than 25 years , ever since I was in middle school and began to suffer from severe acne . The label has not even changed over all those years . In my opinion , this scrub is just incredible and that is why I have stayed with it for so many years even though I no longer have acne . The Scrub has small semi-course beads in a foaming yellow lotion that together act like an expensive micro-derma abrasion treatment , making my skin amazingly -LRB- and I mean AMAZINGLY -RRB- soft without drying it out . My skin looks radiant after I use it . People tell me all the time that I do not look my age . My husband , however , as well as my children , hate the smell of the product which lingers a short period of time on your face after use , so I now conceal the smell with a moisturizer that has a fragrance to it . The Pernox manufacturer claims the scrub has a lemon smell to it , but my family says it just `` sinks '' . Personally , I like the smell , but maybe that is because I have been using it so long and associate the smell with incredible results . I can not state strongly enough that the benefits of this product far outweigh any adverse smell that others might perceive for a short period of time after application . Once you try it and see what it does to your skin , you can become addicted to it . My daughter even uses it now , despite her dislike of the smell.I am disappointed that it is either no longer sold in stores in either the St. Louis or Denver/Boulder area , or that I am unable to find a store in those areas that sell it , so I continue to buy it here online .
 I was on everythig from steriods to Accutane which were all given by my dermotologist . I tried EVERYTHIG . Then , I 'd found an old tube of this stuff which was a sample from my mother 's dermotologist from many years ago . I tried it , it worked ! I 've been using it for 15 years now , RELIGIOUSLY . Whether you have dry , acne/oily or normal skin and want to exfoliate , this by far is the best product on the market.I even used it on my fiance 's hands . He has exzema and contact-dermatitis . Nothing worked because he could not get through the rough , thick skin on his hands . I used a little Pernox on the ares and it exfoliated it just perfectly , so then he could use his medication , so he finally cleared-up after three years of misery!Yes , this product does it 's job
 Hardly a maven of men 's grooming products , I tried this once at a friend 's place -LRB- he IS a maven of men 's grooming products ! -RRB- , and absolutely loved it . Since then , I actually miss it when I do n't have it with me.This is a very refreshing , natural scent , not overly `` cologne-ish '' , that leaves a subtle , masculine fragrance . The soap is thick and lathers well -LRB- I ca n't believe I 've actually noticed such a thing -RRB- . I 've received compliments on it , and recommend it highly .
 I bought this for my young-adult son , not sure whether he 'd like it but even a month after it was all used up -LRB- and he did use it all up -RRB- , he reported that it was awesome . He really liked the scent and the product as a whole . I 'm buying another bottle for him .
 I had the opportunity to preview this product in philosophy 's Radiant Face In A Box kit -LRB- available at Sephora.com -RRB- . It is wonderful , but very high priced ... that is my only concern . Twosteps are involved-a vitamin C exfoliator that goes on like acream but becomes a massaging scrub , and a white cream activatorthat becomes a tingling rinse off mask when applied to the C complex . It is invigorating but in no way harsh , and has a tingling but soothing citrus smell and feel . My skin was stillbaby soft the next day ! An increbible product to use with puritymade simple and hope in a jar , if you can afford it !
 These products are the best I 've used . The purity cleanser is luscious and I feel like if I used only it , it would be sufficient . Following with when hope is not enough drops is invigorating and luxurious and I love the evergreen scent . I use hope in a jar sparingly on my face because I tend to be oily and this does seem to add to it if I overdo . I use the eye and lip firming tube only at night for the same reason . The peel - free samples included - is fantastic ! I try to use it twice a week and I LOVE it . When the samples are gone , I plan to buy more , even though it is more than I would normally spend . I have seen smoother skin with a lovelier tone and a reduction in pore size . I 've received compliments on my skin , which is unheard of for me . This is my first experience with philosophy . Had to try it after `` Oprah '' and I 'm very glad I did . I 'm 46 and have used cheap products all my life . Now 's the time for a little pampering , and this is the stuff to make yourself feel pampered !
 I love all of these products !! I can tell a big difference in the texture of my skin after using the kit .
 I 'm 44 and I am a minimalist when it comes to skin-care regimens and makeup . My sister had given me a sample of the Hope in a Jar and I 'd loved the light feel and the texture of my skin when wearing it . So , I ordered the `` Makeup Optional '' only because it was a better deal than the cream alone . It seemed so pricey that I thought of sending it back for the first week , but that was too much work :-RRB- Thank goodness ! I tried it and LOVED the way my skin looked and felt IMMEDIATELY . Over the weeks , my skin has improved soooooo much . I have ruddy skin that flakes a lot . It simply does n't do it anymore with this regimen . I HIGHLY recommend it . I do n't feel the least bit guilty for the cost . VERY much worth it and the set has lasted nearly 8 months and I 'm reordering today , just because I 'm out of the serum -LRB- which BIG BONUS ... slows facial hair growth ! -RRB- The scent is a bit different , but you come to love that too . I 'd give it 10 stars -LRB- and I 'm NOT a fan of skin-care stuff -RRB- if you had 10 !
 I highly reccomend this kit . I am an esthetician that has lots of trouble with hormonal breakouts on my chin , jawline and neck . I had been using a system with benzoyl peroxide that was just too drying , even though I do have an oily skin type . This kit is great . All of the products are full size -LRB- except the samples of the peels -RRB- . The products are very concentrated , so I expect that this kit will last around 3 months . I noticed an immediate difference in my skin - brighter , firmer , healthier glow . I 've now been using it for two weeks . I 've had a few hormonal breakouts -LRB- right before my period -RRB- but they are very small and clear up much faster . It is really getting rid of red scarring left over from previous breakouts and my fine lines around my eyes are certainly decreasing too . The sample peels in the kit are awesome . You can get 2 peels out of each sample set - so about a total of 6 treatments . I reccomend using the peels 2X week to get you started - it really kicks up the results .
 It took a few days for me to see results , but after like the 4th day of use I woke up , looked in the mirror and was dumbfounded ! I was very suprised to see that the product claims were true . My skin was definitely smoother & more pores were hardly noticeable . I have to admit that I was skeptical & hesitant to spend this much money . The only complaint I have is the smell of the Hope in a Jar moisturizer . It has lactic acid in it so the smell is n't that pleasant , but it does n't keep me from using it daily .
 I have been having trouble with my skin ever since I had my daughter at 40 . It seems suddenly I have some combination or dry skin compared to oily skin before ! I 've tried several different things in the last few years , but this is the first skin care that has really made a difference . My husband is always a skeptic , but he even can tell the difference . He said it made my skin look younger ! Got ta love this stuff !
 I love everything about these products . Their result is obviously the most import thing , but I also love the way they smell , the `` philosophical print '' speaks to me , the bottles and tubes are all comfortable sizes with easy to use lids -LRB- in the shower -RRB- . All my senses are indulged .
 I am 24 years old with dry , sensitive skin . This combination of products did wonders for my skin . I am a first time buyer of Philosophy products , and I am very happy with the results . I decided to buy this kit because the moisturizers that I was using were not working well . They would make me break out and still leave my already dry skin dry ... causing small bumps to appear around my cheeks . Apparently your skin creates those bumps when it is n't getting enough moisture . Well , after hearing some good reviews of Philosophy , I thought I would try it out . After a week , those bumps disappeared , my skin is softer than ever , and the dryness is completely gone.The smell is n't wonderful , and I noticed from some reviews of the individual products said that the smell was so bad that they quit using it . I honestly do n't think it 's so bad . If a products gives you great results , the smell is nothing to sob over . This is worth a try especially if you are a first time Philosophy buyer like me . It 's a small set just to try the products out with a reasonable price tag . It comes with small samples also ... so , it 's all good.Overall , it was a great buy . I 've become a fan of Philosophy .
 I usually do not write for these types of things but all of the postings on here were really helpful to me when I decided to purchase this kit from philosophy . I bought this approximately 3 weeks ago and I have already been back to the local make up counter to check out and get more product . I have had what I would call cystic acne not a lot of them but probably 3 or four on each side of the face that hurt and never seem to fully clear . I will say that although my face has not stopped breaking out completely the ones that I have come to the surface and then dry up usually within a day . They also sent a sample of their vitamin C peel that I think works wonders . It helps to clear off the dry skin from when my acne dries up . I have only been using for three weeks so I am hoping that after using religiously for a while that maybe my acne will clear up all together.I will say for those that were saying that the product smelled bad that there are some products that do not have the greatest smell . The hope in a bottle does smell a little something like sour milk but it is nothing that you would n't be able to handle . Especially if you have acne and want to clear it up , the smell is hardly anything to worry about . All the other products I think had very little smell at all.One of the products I went out to buy at the counter are the Vitamin C pads that you swipe over your face in between the Vitamin C peels . The jury is still out on this one . They are very juicy but they do leave a little tacky residue on your face . I have n't noticed that it has effected my makeup though as I usually put the moisturizer on over the top of it . I also purchased the Oxygen Peel as the lady at the makeup counter thought maybe this would be a bettter option for my acne . She thought maybe the grains in the Vitamin C peel might actually cause more acne by irritating my skin . I usually switch off now . I usually do one of each during the week.The last product I will let you know about is the hope in a tube for eyes and lips . This also comes in the kit and I have noticed a big difference around my lips . It seems to fill the tiny lines around your lips pretty good . They are much less noticeable and once it wears of from eating and stuff throughout the day you can tell a difference . I have not noticed as much around my eyes , but this may be because I wear glasses and do n't pay as much attention to that area.hope all of this helps somebody out there .
 First let me start off by saying that I just got this kit yesterday for Christmas . I used it once yesterday -LRB- the whole kit including the peel -RRB- once this morning -LRB- just the cleanser and moisturizer -RRB- and tonight -LRB- the whole kit minus the peel -RRB- . I can already see a huge difference . I have fairly normal skin , which tends to be a little dry around my nose and a little on my cheeks . My skin is always mostly clear and I get compliments on it fairly often . I have never had a problem with acne , but I do get the occasional HUGE zit . I have blackheads on my nose that wo n't go away no matter what I try . I do n't really need the hope in a tube or when hope is not enough since I 'm only 27 and I 've been wearing spf on my face everyday since I was 21 , but I used it anyway . My skin is also sensitive so I worry about trying new products.These products have a great texture , a nice clean smell and I have had no negative reaction to them . I was a little worried about the hope in a bottle because it did burn a bit but not bad at all and it only lasted a few seconds . Well , not only did this kit NOT do anything negative , but after only one day , my skin looks smoother , more even , and is very soft . I will update this after I 've been using it longer , but I am so excited I just had to review it now ! hahaha
 I was blessed with good skin - a little on the sensitive side and prone to a little adult acne now that I 'm `` older '' . I love this system . Not being one to pamper myself or spend money or time to fuss with my skin , I was looking for a simple system to help clear up some of the melasma from my last pregnancy and make my skin as soft as my baby 's . This does it . And as far as the smell ? Who can complain about that ? It smells wonderfully clean and a tad bit herbal -LRB- the wash -RRB- , but the rest of the stuff is completely UNSCENTED .
 I used Purity for two months after getting a recommendation from a friend and I liked it , but I did n't see what was so special about it . For $ 20 I expected rainbows and unicorns to come out of the bottle . I ran out of Purity a few days ago and went back to my old standby , Neutrogena Deep Clean . Within three days , my skin was dry and peeling everywhere , especially around my eyes , and I broke out in places I 've NEVER broken out before in my life . It was terrible . I raced to Ulta and bought this kit , along with a bottle of On a Clear Day , and I used the four items in the kit . Immediately my face calmed down , the dryness went away , and I was able to apply my makeup smoothly for the first time in days . I expect my skin to just get better and better as I continue to use the kit and the On a Clear Day . I really was shocked by what a difference this stuff made for me . I love the When Hope Is Not Enough Serum . The Hope in a Bottle smells really weird , but I expect it to work well ; it 's a acne-fighting moisturizer , which is exactly what I need , so I 'll deal with the smell . Hope in a Tube is great for the dry skin around my eyes . I also got a bonus Makeup Optional kit at Ulta when I bought this , so it was a really great deal . Sorry Neutrogena , I 'm not a teenager anymore . I need the good stuff !
 Love it ! Everything it promises to be . I 'm 42 and very pleased with the results so far . All of the products are very light and soothing . I have not experienced any breakouts and my skin feels and looks healthy . I LOVE `` On a Clear Day '' and apply it to my chin a few minutes before applying makeup to prevent my pores from getting clogged . Great stuff at a great price . I recently traveled with this set & I am happy to say that I did not have to check my luggage because all of the products were within airline guidelines !!! Love that , too !
 I 'm 69 , and I started getting rosacea around my nostrils a couple of years ago , and lately have been distressed that it was spreading to around my mouth and down to my chin.From the first peel , my rosacea started to disappear and has continually improved for the last four weeks . I have skin again!Come on , girls , this is just the price of one facial in a salon . Quite reasonable for a total re-paving job , and I can see that these products will last a very long time . -LRB- except the peel is sample sizes in this kit and I will definitely buy more of it . -RRB- Without a doubt , best dollar I ever spent for my skin . And I love the fresh herbal smells .
 I am 54 years old with Mediterranean-type skin , which I have mostly neglected , unfortunately . What a difference I see after using the items in this kit for the first time ! I used the micro-dermabrasion , the eye and lip cream , and the `` when hope is not enough '' serum . My skin absolutely glows , after one use . I never write reviews , but I can not wait to see what my skin will look like in a month .
 So far this product has really helped my skin . It took a couple of weeks to really see results , which is something to expect when you start any new skin care routine . My pores appear smaller , my skin is smoother and firmer , and I am having fewer breakouts . I have poly-cystic ovary syndrome and therefore have a great deal of trouble with my skin . I use a prescription medication for cystic acne , but it dries out my skin and leaves it looking terrible . This routine has made it look so much better , I highly recommend it .
 I love these products . I went from a red , patchy , itchy face to skin that is smooth and relieved from irritation . I 've continued to purchase this brand of skincare . Try it for yourself if you 've got the ` red itchies ' on your face . This just may do the trick for you too !!
 These products are great ! one try at the counter and im hooked ! my face looks radiant and i get less breakouts . all my little pimples on my forehead are gone and my skin feels so smooth . the texture of the products are just fabulous and you can tell that they wont damage the skin and clog your pores like all those other harsh products .
 felt and saw a difference before the first week was up . love the way it makes my skin feel . i get compliments on my skin since i started using this product . i still wear a little makeup , but only to add color or intensity to my eyes , cheeks , or lips .
 this was my first philosophy purchase but i decided to get it because i have heard so many great things about the company . overall i am very happy with the products and it is a great value to by them in the kit . the face wash is great !! It is very light and cleans well without drying out my skin , i also have combination skin and it has not made me breakout and has not made me oily , which it great . the hope in a jar moisturizer is nice , it is pretty light also and works well without being greasy . the hope is not enough serum smells horrible , it smells like some kind of herbal oil or something but luckily once it dries on the face you cant smell it anymore , i does work good too , if i use it on a regular basis it helps clear up any blemishes i have without drying my skin out . the hope in a tube is very nice i only use it around my eyes though and not my lips because it is kind of greasy and dont like the feeling of it around my lips . the best part of this is the samples of microdermabrasion packets . after you use these your skin feels so soft and refreshed and looks brighter . I am defineltly going to be getting this stuff even though it is a bit pricey ! and it smells wonderful , like lemon cream ! I am happy with my purchase but i just wish for the price that you pay , they could get some better smells for some of there products
 I purchased this product b/c I wanted to even out my skin tone , but I did n't want anything too heavy . This was perfect . I tend to break out occasionally and always want a little coverage . This was perfect . It is n't oil free -LRB- even though the sales person said it was -RRB- , but it did n't cause me to break out . I love the velvet-y application . Great Product !
 These bath tabelts are awesome , very relaxing to the body and soul , I highly recommend this product to anyone who need to get a a good mood .
 I 've used this scent for a long time and always get comments on how it smells so clean and light . It 's one of those scents that you can always smell and not become so accustomed to it that you wonder if you put any on ...
 Extreme by Bulgari is a very sophisticated scent . It is both light and airy while being layered and interesting .
 This is the most amazing scent . I think you have to be careful buying it as there apparently is a very similar looking product out there . If you are looking for the REAL Bulgari Extreme this one is IT !!!
 Purchased as a gift , this fragrance has been discontinued by Bvlgari so finding this larger size at or below the original retail price is great !
 This fragance is so fresh and soft , I get lots of compliments every time I wear it , love it !!
 I got this for my mom for Christmas and she loves it . This is the only perfume my mom will wear .
 Very smooth , not greasy or thick . Smells pleasant and comfortable for sensitive skin . Reapplication is not needed often because the SPF is quite high
 I generally like Alba products . They smell better than traditional sunscreen products in my opinion . Decent price for the product provided .
 I have tried many sunscreens while on vacation due to my pale skin and the lack of sun in Seattle . I am now a repeat purchaser before any vacation . The sunscreen rubs into my skin like a lotion which helps for sweating and water activities . The best part is that I do not smell like chemicals unlike other brands .
 Very effective natural product . Only criticism is that it , like all natural products , is a bit pricey . Would also have liked this to be available in an instant drying non-aerosol spray form
 I bought this nail polish for my mother . She loved it . She loved the color . It was a great price for such nice nail polish .
 This nail polish is the perfect size for your purse or desk .
 Exelent product , fast deliver , and product is extra condition . One word
 This perfume is subtle and smells nice . I love the design of the bottle too ... very unique just like the perfume . I use it in rotation with Ralph Lauren Blue and Estee Lauder Beyond Paradise .
 arrived quick at a great price . about 30 % off retail . was sealed and the real deal . smells great . Thanks .
 This is a truly beautiful perfume , a classic woody oriental scent that 's not too heavy . If anything , as others have said , it tends to fade too quickly . Still , it 's been a personal favorite of mine for years and I often receive compliments on it . I 've never seen it anywhere for a better price than Amazon .
 Its my favourite perfume.I love the way they packaged my perfumes . They really out-did themselves . Splendid . I would recommend my friends .
 I admit I originally bought this because the price on Amazon was amazing and I love perfume . As usual I received it very quickly and discovered I really love this scent ! It is in my regular rotation now along with Prada , Dior Addict , Obsession Night and Samsara so you get an idea of the scents I like ! I have even gotten compliments on it from both men and women ! I will get it again .
 my current favorite scent . very earthy/woodsy . i used super saver shipping and it arrived very fast in excellent condition
 Buying perfume -LRB- for somebody else -RRB- is always a challenge , but this delicate , warm scent and unusual bottle from Bvlgari were very-well received ; there is just no beating Amazon 's price .
 I first tried this at the same time as the Bvlgari pour Femme and I loved it . I 'm not sure which one I like better but I always run out of both at the same time so I always purchase more at the same time because I never want to run out ! I have so many old bottles they should come up with a promotion of bring 3 old bottles and get 1 for free ! If your reading this Bvlgari I want credit for this idea if its implemented ! Get It Get It Get It !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The price and package were perfect and arrived in a mint condition . Just love it . I recommended to this website to my friends .
 Product was in mint condition and was exactly what it was described as . It was received way earlier than expected , 2 days later with free shipping . It does n't get any better than that .
 When someone tells you how good you smell when you 're wearing `` Omnia '' he or she really means it.Now , they may not know why they 're attracted to this fragrance but it 's warm and definitely `` come hither '' with a blend of mandarin , saffron , and white chocolate . Yes , white chocolate.It 's not often that a fragrance is called delicious - this one is .
 many perfumes give me a headache , this one does n't . besides that , it is a perfect blend between fruity , woody and spicy , with tendency toward spicy , at least on my skin.I wear it day and night , thou i tend to take it out more often as winter approaches.as with all perfumes , you have to try it on your skin and see -LRB- sniff :-RRB- -RRB- for yourself .
 This perfume is a nice smelling perfume that is not too strong or sweet . I actually do like stronger perfumes though like Tabu , Amirage etc. . . so this was not really for me but for those who like the inbetween without that sweetness this will be a nice purchase for you . I actually read a review on this and because the girl had so many of my interests and likes and dislikes and the way she portrayed the smell of this I actually just bought it on a whim , which I never do without smelling a perfume for a few days the best thing they 've ever done was give you those little cards with the smell on them it really helps in decision making but again I think this is a nice change to what is out there today alot of flower smells granted I love flowers but I do n't want to smell like one ! the bottle is really pretty though -- also , the smell does n't last long which to me is another downfall , I like to put perfume on in the morning and never having to again for the day and the ones I purchase which are expensive I do n't have to apply twice which is really a great benefit . So I really hope this reveiw has helped at least one person . good luck and happy smelling !
 I had smelled this perfume on a customer of mine and got up the nerve to ask her what it was . I bought it for my wife and it 's now my favorite . And no , it does n't remind me of that customer of mine . lol . I recommend this fragrance .
 I bought Omnia blind a couple years ago based on the notes , the nose , the brand , & the price -LRB- no reviews ! -RRB- . It was a wise choice for me then , it 's still a wise choice for me today.Although I think it 's best for cooler weather , it wears wonderfully in summer ! I remember Omnia as woody , spicy , and slightly sweet in the winter . In the summer , it is very gourmand . At the top , it is a bit sweet , creamy & spicy , but not overtly so . At some point I picked up some powdery florals , but they were not long lasting . It mellows into a lovely , roasted concoction . I get vanilla , cafe au lait -LRB- the chai ? -RRB- , chocolate , almonds , tonka bean , and just a bit of wood . Pleasant from top to bottom & wears close to the skin . Full of depth and complexity but not strong or heady . Sweet but not sugary.Omnia is not a stuffy , straight up oriental , but a very modern , contemporary , and adult one . I would be hard-pressed to replace it in my fragrance wardrobe with anything but another bottle of Omnia .
 i bought this for a friend and she like very much , the scent is exelent , well and I like it too , smell fresh and soft but not too soft either , over all a great buy with this !!!
 One of the best fragrances being sold . The scent is very inviting and is perfect for all seasons . I would recommend this as a great buy .
 this parfum smells really nice , and with a small quantity is complacent to get a delicious fragancy all day ... I love it !
 I 'm not usually a fan of woodsy fragrances for women , but Omia is great ! Not too strong and very feminine . Plus , the scent stays put for hours , which is very rare with perfumes . I highly recommend it !
 My wife has been wearing Bulgari Omnia for a few years now , & really likes it . This specific sale represented a very good value when compared with the normal retail price ... would definitely purchase here again in light of good price & fast shipping .
 Perfume is hard to buy for the opposite sex . You do n't know if they will like it or hate it . Luckily my wife dropped a hint or two that she liked this one . I think she did a good job faking the surprise for Mothers day but she loves it and I think it smells nice on her . So would I recommend it ? I would be crazy to do that but if the girl in your life wants it get it for her . I have not been disappointed !
 I like a couple scents by Bvgari , but this is my favorite . I do n't know what it is about perfume . Every time I find one I really like it gets discontinued . Unfortunatly this one seems to be going in that direction too .
 It 's good product . I love it . Nice and good smell . And I got it very quitely from Amazon . Thank you for good service .
 Blvgaria Omnia is one of my favorite perfume ! Expensive in the stores , but this was a STEAL !! It came in about a week and was in original package ! I will totally buy from this vendor again and recommend them to anyone looking for a great deal and fast shipping !
 I bought this perfume last year and since then I keep using the same one , doesnt matter if is spring , summer , fall or winter , I get lots of complements , men love the scent , they stop and ask me whats the name , also from women , I really recommend this perfum , you wont go wrong if you get it .
 OMNIA , is different from any perfume I have ever purchased . It has a woody , musky scent . It is great for day wear and it lasts whole day .
 It has been harder and harder to find this fragrance . I had not trouble finding it at Amazon and the price is unbeatable .
 This is a GREAT DEAL !!!! This parfum sells for almost triple in every store I have bought it so i was very pleased to get it at such a low price i bought 2 !! Thanks Amazon !!!
 Fast shipping . Perfume is excellent , in original packaging . I 've always purchased at Macy 's and decided to give this a try . Very happy with it . Absolutely no problems . I give this seller a high-five !
 Product is very nice and delivered before expected delivery date.But the price is little bit higher than store like Ross etc. .
 I love this fragrance and was so happy with the price . I paid almost twice the price for a 1.1 oz size in the mall !! I 'm absolutely thrilled with the packaging and I received it in three days . I 'll definitely be purchasing from this seller again .
 I love this scent . I tend to like heavier scents , a little musky , a little exotic , and this is just the right amount , not too heavy but enough that I can still enjoy it hours after putting it on . Not to mention , I get alot of compliments on it . Not every scent smells the same on every person and to be able to find one that compliments your own chemistry is bliss . I am very sad that Bulgari has decided not to continue with this particular scent and have now stocked up on it . I will be looking for a new `` me '' scent .
 I love this fragrance , its light but long lasting , I get compliments all the time . Will definately need to purchase more .
 I own 4 parfums , but this was different fromwhat I expected , still very nice.I want minis to travel with.OMnia Coral is incredible my favorite .
 I got this as a gift for the missus and she seems to like this scent since it does not have a very overpowering scent to it and does not fade that quickly as most perfume . Also , it has no `` lingering '' scent once the initial spray had dried up.This is a GREAT product
 I bought this nail polish for my mother . She loved it . She loved the color . It was a great price for such nice nail polish .
 This nail polish is the perfect size for your purse or desk .
 carlos really should advertise his 3 pack perfume body soap and body lotion I went to meir & frank yasterday they told me its not selling and how long will it stay on the self if know one knows anything about carlos having a product out how will it sell ? by his name no I did n't know about it I went looking for some perfume and found his it 's a great smell so please advertise his product
 I LOVE Charlie Sunshine !! It 's such a sweet scent !! Too bad I do n't know a store to buy it.That 's why I was SOOOO happy to have found it here !!! Very Happy and WILL be making a repeat purchase of it !!!
 I 'm quite prone to circles under the eye . While I still get them , unless I 'm inasnely tired , they look nowhere near as bad . No more of that lovely bruised effect . Definitely recommended .
 I have switched over to this from another expensive line of products . My skin is very sensitive & oily . This works great ! I have tried many brands that do not work nearly as well as this . It is absorbed into my skin & it feels very smooth . Does wonders for undereye circles ! I have found a great line of products & will continue to repurchase ...
 light texture , absorbs quickly . definitely helps reduce under-eye darkness . moisture lasts till next morning . delightful !
 This works so well . I usually have dark circles and when using this my eyes are much more brighter . Compared to other high price eye cream this is well worth the price and it does so much ! Give it a couple weeks to start seeing a difference though . . Do n't except overnight results but you will love your results !
 This stuff is great ! It makes me feel and look awake and refreshed , and it 's not too heavy . I will definitely keep using this .
 I love , love , love this make-up mirror ! It lets me see everything so I can take care of my eyebrows and after I apply make-up with a brush , I can see if I have any of those tiny little brush hairs on my face.The price here is awesome , I found this mirror at a retail store for $ 30 more . The only problem I have had with this mirror is that sometime the adjustment to make it taller does not work well , but thats not a big thing . Try it you will love it also !
 I bought this mirror for travel purposes but like it so much that I use it for every day at home , too . I really like how you can plug it in at home but do n't need to when away . It outperforms my other mirror in every way and only takes up 1/3 of the space . Since my dresser space is shared , the DH is grateful ! ; -RRB-
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY GIRLFRIEND AS A GIFT AND SHE LOVES IT , AND SAYS IT 'S THE BEST MAKE-UP MIRROR SHE 'S EVER USED . ONLY PROBLEM IS HER TWO DAUGHTERS KEEP TAKING IT FOR THEIR USE , GOOD THING IT HAS BATTERIES AND A PLUG IN . NEEDLESS TO SAY I WILL BE BUYING TWO MORE REAL SOON.FOR THE MONEY THIS IS THE BEST MIRROR OF IT 'S TYPE OUT THERE , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON SOMETHING ELSE .
 I 've been looking for a mirror for travel that was compact and I have finally found it . Great magnification and light . Easy to pack . Since I am a makeup artist I am in hotels all the time and the lighting is so bad in the rooms I needed a light that would give me true daylight . Very happy with this mirror .
 Very compact . Good for home use as well as travelling . Unfortunately , the clock did n't work -LRB- battery was ok -RRB- & to return I would have paid $ 10 + shipping charges . Too much for a defective product that only cost $ 40 .
 My wife loves it . I returned two others before she finally found one that gives off the correct light and can be used while traveling .
 Product was wonderful . The size was great and to fold up and store was very easy . I would recommend , am going to order ac cord , did n't do it and do n't want to remember to make sure batteries are good .
 I do wish this mirror had a plug-in adapter instead of just running off batteries , but oh well . The magnification is great , the light just perfect , and I 've never gotten a better cleaning of my pores , and been able to see every hair to pluck between the brows . I feel so clean ! The price is great also - I 'm glad I made this purchase on Amazon instead of over at someplace like Bed , Bath , and Beyond . Their prices were so high , and when I looked up reviews for most of their mirrors after browsing , they had horrible scores anyways.My mirror 's still new , so I 'm hoping it has a long life , but so far so good ! Ca n't wait to bring it traveling .
 I travel all of the time for work , and have one of these mirrors for travel , and one for home use . The last one I purchased was the 4th one I 've owned ... no matter how good you pack your suitcase , things will get damaged from being thrown around the way luggage can sometimes be . I do n't mind paying a higher price for this mirror if need be ... it 's SO WORTH IT ! Great for tweezing eyebrows and just wonderful for every aspect of applying makeup . I recommend this mirror to anyone who really cares about how well their makeup is applied . There should be no reason for makeup errors using this mirror !!!! IF YOU DO N'T HAVE ONE , GET ONE ... YOU 'LL BE VERY SATISFIED !
 Excellent travel mirror.Wonderful magnification . compact for packing . Like having a battery option when electricity is not available tho the light is not as intense . I have bought several of these mirrors because I have been so impressed with the lighting/magnification/compact design .
 Zadro Ultimate Make-up MirrorI love this mirror . It 's very useful having both normal and magnified views , one above the other so that you can move between them easily , without having to manipulate the mirror . I did n't think I 'd use the magnified part but actually I now use it more than the normal mirror . The lighting is excellent -- mimics natural light well . I really like being able to close the mirror and have it fold really flat -- not just good for traveling but for when you do n't want a multiple mirrors staring other people in the face or you just want it out of the way .
 This is a great mirror with a really bright light which is what I need in the morning to see my makeup . I like the magnifying mirror to see all the pores . The only bad thing is the built in alarm clock . It seems to reset every time I fold the mirror down . But I love it since the light is so bright .
 Just got back from a trip to Europe with 4 girlfriends . I knew mirror space would be an issue in the mornings , so I purchased the Zadro Ultimate Lighted Make-Up Mirror . The size is nice though it is a bit on the heavy side , but I suppose that says something for the quality and helps with balance.Some other people complained that the mirror fell down and would not stay upright . I did not experience this at all . The dial on the lower right can be dialed in to lock the mirror in place or release it . Seemed to work well for me.I used this for a one week work trip and then another two week trip 3 weeks later . Used every morning and did not run out of battery power.It is a shame that the 10x mirror at the bottom is the only one that is lit up , but it puts off enough light that you can still see for the non-magnified mirror above provided there is a little surrounding light in the room .
 Very compact . Good for home use as well as travelling . Unfortunately , the clock did n't work -LRB- battery was ok -RRB- & to return I would have paid $ 10 + shipping charges . Too much for a defective product that only cost $ 40 .
 It is the perfect size for my small bathroom and the magnification allows you to see everything .
 I like the size of this mirror and the light is better than on cheaper versions . It unfolds stiffly and I am bit afraid that I will crack a hinge over time when trying to extend it . It 's relatively difficult to position the mirror in such a way to optimally use both the regular and extended power mirrors without fiddling with either its position or yours . But overall I am happier with this model that others I bought mainly because of the brigher illumination .
 I use a makeup mirror with magnification at home daily and get frustrated with hotel bathroom lighting -LRB- and I stay in 4-5 star hotels -RRB- . I will soon be traveling with 3 other women sharing 1 suite -LRB- yes , I know ... -RRB- , so I am being pro-active by purchasing my own makeup mirror . I looked at quite a few before choosing this one . I could n't be more pleased ! this one has amazing lighting output with a magnificatation mirror better than my large one at home ! I am so glad I made this purchase . The only downside is it 's small , which is a plus for travel but negative for daily use . I will get used to it . Now I never have to worry about hotel lighting again ! This is the only travel mirror you should ever consider !
 After spending a lot of $ $ on hand mirrors that either were 2 large , 2 heavy or poor quality mirror I finally hit the jackpot . I find the price to be worth the product as I 've hadother expensive mirrors that were not up to snuff . This one is all around and folds up compactly for travel or making up in the car . THANK YOU .
 I 've been searching and searching for a good lighted mirror for make up purposes . What I was looking for is bright natural light in order to truly see how my make-up look . There are hardly any reviews online for lighted mirrors , so I had to go to the stores and test them out myself . I bought a couple of them ranging from $ 15 to $ 100 . I was disappointed with all of them . Either the light is too dim or the color of the light is weird , like orange light , even when I changed the bulb ! The Zadro Ultimate Lighted Make-up Mirror was the best one I tested . It 's very bright , so bright that I have to get closer to the mirror to see better b/c the light is overwhelmingly bright that that 's all I can see , it makes everything else so dark . I did n't like that at first but I rather have that than the other dim lights on other mirrors . There are other features that I did n't think was important before turned out to be pretty useful and I am so glad they have them in this mirror . Those are the 8x magnifying side . It becomes so useful when I 'm putting on mascara , plucking eyebrows or cleaning out my pores . Another feature that I started to like a lot is the little clock on it . It keeps me from spending too much time putting on make-up . =-RRB- . The light stays bright even when you use batteries and it does n't produce heat like the other lighted mirrors I 've tried . It 's portable , foldable so I can take it anywhere . The only thing I did n't like was the price I bought at Brookstone for $ 60 but then found it on Amazon for $ 30 . I was so happy ! Highly recommend this if you 're seriously after a bright white light mirror .
 I like the portability and adjustability of this mirror . It takes up little space and can be stowed away very compactly . It serves my needs very well . I was disappointed that only the magnifying mirror is lit . I tend to use the normal mirror more often . The other is the clock loses it 's setting when I stow it away . It has to be reset and left out if you were really wanting to use the clock feature . As far as I am concerned ... I was looking for a mirror and really could care less about the clock .
 The Zadro Lighted Mirror is a quality product when compared to a previously owned Sharper Image product that cost twice as much.The light adjusts to the amount of light in the room and is adjustable for easy viewing.The light is compact and great for home use . The additional bonus is being able to fold the mirror which minimizes the size for packing in a suitcase . Another great quality is you can either use batteries or the provided supply source .
 It is great for someone needing glasses to apply make-up or to do your eyebrows . Also great to take along for travel .
 This mirror is fantastic for tweezing your eyebrows . My one complaint is that the top mirror broke off after a few months , meaning I had two separate pieces . The battery does n't last terribly long for the light , but if you use it under a bright light , you wo n't need it.Bottom line
 Great mirror ... electric OR battery operated ! Great magnification ! I love this mirror ... I 'm on my 3rd one . Now the negative ... If you flip it over from regular to magnification frequently -LRB- and I do -RRB- the screw does n't seem to hold too well and the plastic housing cracks . There is no way to fix this and thus I have had to replace it .
 I bought this mirror because my Sharper Image travel mirror broke . I really loved that mirror bacause it had a nice snap on cover for traveling and the light source was bright . The Zadro mirror is a an acceptable replacement even though it could use a few improvements . I do not like the flip style mirror because it is not removable . This causes the mirror topple over when I am using the magnified mirror side . I also think the light source could be much brighter . It does fold up nicely for traveling though and the price was right .
 I 've had this mirror for a while now , and my mascara has never looked so good . I 've never plucked my eyebrows as well , and my eyeshadow has never been so expertly blended . I ca n't say enough about this mirror .
 I bought the travel mirror for my wife at Christmas . She loves it so much she uses it more than her regular vanity mirror . Very good lighting and magnification . The only slight drawback is programing the clock , we have had a couple random late night wake up beeps .
 bought this item as a present for my mom and she raves about it ... she says the lighting and the magnification are perfect . highly reccommend !
 Got this as an Xmas gift for my wife ... I am pretty certain she likes it ... now instead of her taking an hour to get ready to go , it takes an hour & a half ... sometimes a guy just ca n't win !
 I Love this make-up mirror . I have bought and taken back mirror after mirror and this one is staying . The light is bright enough that I can see everything clearly , even tho the mirror is not large it is big enough to do what I need but the light was the thing that sold me . I am thinking about getting another one just to have so I do n't have to go looking again
 Great light and magnification . I 've had it for 4 + years and it 's still running like a champ with daily use .
 This mirror was in our stateroom on a recent cruise . Immediately , I knew I had to have one . It is great for traveling . Warning
 I bought this for my mom as a Christmas gift after she hurt her wrist and needed physical therapy . She says it helps her a lot and after i 've tried it a few times , i 'm in love with it too . It makes your hands so soft .
 the first time I stuck my footsy in the lavender scented hot wax , I knew it was a little slice of heaven . It smells divine , is just the right temp , is easy to remove , and makes me feel like a pampered princess . Well worth the price .
 Great product ! I use it daily for painful arthritis in my hands . It gives great relief .
 This was a great choice for me . The wax melts very quick and fits in a small corner to be used anytime
 awesome product ! well built very easy to use i would recomend for anyone with hand wrist and joint problems , the scented and warm wax makes you feel so good it leaves your hands very soft and moisterized
 I shopped around for the best price because this the the brand I 've had in the past . This was the best price by far and shipped quickly , even during the holiday rush - no problems so far .
 We 've been very pleased with this unit . A few things I wish were different in the design
 Since receiving the therabath in October , my hands have been enjoying a relief from the nagging pains of arthritis . The wax coating my hands provides instant relief but it also has provided some long-term benefits . I seem to have more mobility and range of motion in my hands when I use the Therabath on a regular basis .
 I use this hand bath at least once a day for an arthritic wrist ; dip it five times , quickly wrap it in a produce bag and stick my hand into an oven mitt for about ten minutes . Then peel the wax back into the bath . It is incredibly helpful . I leave it heating 24/7 unless we are gone for a few days . If you have painful joints or arthritis , this is worth every single penny . You will feel relief every day .
 I bought this for my mom and she uses it often ! he helps ease the pain in her joints . love it !
 The Therabath is the closest thing I could get to what my hand therapist used . Using it gives wonderful relief . The paraffin is hot enough , but not too hot . It does take a while to melt the first time , but after that it maintains its temperature . It lives up to their description . I have had no problems with it .
 My wife has arthritis and this product gives some temporary relief to her pain . It seems to be quality constructed and works as stated in the literature .
 I recommend this if you need it . However , I do NOT recommend the plastic `` bags '' that are sold for your hands and/or feet to use with this product . These are definitely overpriced and are a total rip-off ! Do not buy from the company that overcharges for the cheap bags
 Does what it is supposed to do , but it would be nice if it had an on/off switch on the unit since I do n't use it every day .
 -LSB- I just noticed that I originally posted this under the wax refills . I meant to post it here :] My daughter had a rare blood disorder that resulted in widespread scleraderma on her arm . This causes hardening of the tissues , skin problems , and loss of function in her hand . All in all , a nightmare for this young woman.She was introduced to this therapy by her hand and arm physical therapist . It helped her greatly , and they decided that daily therapy at home would be a huge benefit . We purchased this unit , which , for all intents and purposes , is the same as the professional unit used by her therapists.We have hope that systemic drug therapy will eventually reverse and even cure the scleraderma , but we think the wax treatments are essential to prevent further damage in the interim . If it can help someone like my daughter , then it should be a fine option for many people with less severe skin conditions .
 I bought this for my father who was experiencing a lot of pain in his hands . After just one use , he reported that his hands felt so much better . He 's had this bath for a month now and is still using it twice a day . His only complaint is he has to leave it plugged in 24 hrs a day because it takes so long for the wax to melt again once it has hardened .
 I bought this to replace a Remington paraffin bath that I owned for over ten years until it died.This is used primarily to treat my hands which get extremely dry during the winters in the midwest . It does a really good job of restoring moisture to both my hands and feet . It is bigger than my old Remington , but it has a flat lid and stores easily in the bathroom closet and does n't take up much space . Above and beyond the curative effect it has on my dry hands and feet , it feels wonderful and is sort of restful and relaxing . It 's a nice thing to have and use between trips to the nail salon .
 As an Occupational Therapist , I had used this clinically before purchasing one . I bought it for my mother with arthritic hands/feet back in August , and it has gotten her through the winter . She also has severe cracking in her heels , and although her podiatrist had prescribed her ointment , -LRB- and acted like the paraffin would n't be helping at all -RRB- she discovered that the two in combination seems to be the only thing that helps . I would recommend it for anyone with hand/foot arthritis pain or dry/cracked hands and feet . For the relief it has given my mother , I would have spent much more .
 I have n't tried it yet but i already have a little problem I have a color theme and I purchased this one b/c of the review and the color . The one I got looks different from the picture that is showed on this site . I just hope it is good b/c i do n't have time to return it n get look for another one . next review will be after I tried it
 I absolutely love my TherabathPro Paraffin machine . For many years I had used a small version of this type of machine and thought that was great . This winter when my old unit quit I looked at Amazon and found this TherabathPro unit with its much larger opening that allows you to treat feet and ankels and elbows in addition to just your hands and wrists . I use the machine to treat the aches and pain of arthritis and in the winter the paraffin helps treat dry winter hands . The construction of this unit is top of the line also with no interior seams to crack or seperate ... I would recomend to anyone in the market for a hot paraffin machine .
 This is a product that must stay on all the time for daily use , so I am glad that I spent the extra money for a professional model with a `` smart '' thermostat . My wife has arthritis and it 's worth it to see the smile on her face after she immerses her hands in the paraffin . It 's a great relief to her .
 I wo n't fear next winter now that I own this paraffin bath - the paraffin really warms you up and moisturizes your skin whereas hot water dries the skin out . Makes my arthritic joints feel better which is really the main reason I purchased it . I prefer the scent-free because I do n't need my whole house to smell like peach or whatever scent there is even though other posters appreciate the `` subtle aromatherapy '' . The scent-free really has no smell whatsoever . About the only thing I would improve on is if this unit had a timer to shut off and on daily but maybe that 's being too picky - once the wax comes up to temperature it probably costs pennies in electricity to keep it there .
 I bought this item as a gift for my mother who suffers from painful arthritis in her hands . She never complains about the pain , but one day she was treated to a professional manicure . She raved about how the hot wax treatment at the salon relieved the pain in her hands . As soon as I heard that something as simple as hot wax could bring her relief I looked for a home unit that she could use on a regular basis . This is the unit I selected and I had it shipped to her as a gift . It takes awhile for the wax to melt the first time you use the unit , but once it is melted you leave it plugged in -LRB- it is always on -RRB- and the unit is ready to go whenever you need some arthritis pain relief . You can use it for your hands or feet or elbows . There is a cover to keep dust and grime out of the hot wax . And , best of all , it works as well as the professional hot wax treatment at the salon . If you are in need of a great gift for someone who suffers from arthritis , select this . They will be very happy to be pain free .
 I purchased this item for my wife and she loves it . The paraffin wax is soothing to the skin and even mild joint discomfort . I purchased the foot care kit at the same time and it enhances the experience . Since the foot care kit is larger and the hand/foot is wrapped in a plastic bag anyway , she just uses the foot bag for her hands . If you run out of bags , you can use Saran wrap until you get more . The only drawback to this item is that since it is a professional model , it has no provision for a quick warm up as it is designed to be constantly on . Since we have space , it is n't an issue for us but , since it takes hours -LRB- yes hours -RRB- to melt the wax , it would require good advance planning to put it away between uses . If this is an issue , a cheaper non-professional model would probably be a better choice . This is my only reason for only four stars since it sits in a corner of the family room . My wife gives five stars .
 I published several featured health articles at the online magazine AssociatedContent about the benefits of therapeutic paraffin bathing after using this product . I have an uncommon type of arthritis which pain medications do not bring pain relief . The moist heat therapy of this product is a consistent , medically recommended , temperature and it has a conditional lifetime guarantee . Nothing relieves my arthritis pain as well as this product.I have owned and used it now for about a year . I leave it `` on '' 24/7 so I can immediately immerse my painful hands in the warm paraffin whenever the pain hits - and I could not be happier.It is also versatile
 I love this product ! I have had carpal tunnel surgery and now have arthritis in my hands . Besides , I live in the Northwest and get very dry hands in winter . I use this product almost every day and the hot wax feels so good on the joints and muscles . It also leaves the skin silky and soft . I leave it on all the time . -LRB- I re-use the wax since I use the product daily . -RRB-
 I own a Day Spa in the Heights and we already have one of these babies . We also have another one by a different manufacturer that when unplugged and replugged in , the machine has to be reset each time . What a drag if one of my therapists forgets to reset the on switch . This is so much better . No on/off switches to deal with . Just full on . The temp is nice and hot even if it takes ages to melt -LRB- a good two hours at least -RRB- . So we just leave ours on nearly all the time . The only time we unplug it is to move it from room to room . The one I own was a 2nd hand , coming from the previous spa owner who left it . I 've owned it for 5 yrs , unsure how long she had it before ... and it 's still working !
 I bought this machine because my husband has psorasis on his fingertips . We had tried every prescription cream out there , without any success . He uses this twice a day and his fingertips are completely healed . I use it regularly to combat dry winter skin on my hands and feet . It is incredibly simple to use , well made and I would highly recommend the unit .
 Had a cheaper version of the paraffin bath . Husband got me this one for christmas . Love it . I have even given him a hand treatment . I have arthritis in my hands and this really gives me relief
 This product was a perfume that my wife has been out of for over a year , she was very surprised to get it as a gift and I had forgotten how nice she smelled wearing it . Great product for the money !
 This is the second bottle of this lotion I am using . I recommend it to everyone . I use it at bedtime to moisturize my hands , arms , and feet . The soothing lavender scent helps me go to sleep .
 I bought this nail polish for my mother . She loved it . She loved the color . It was a great price for such nice nail polish .
 This nail polish is the perfect size for your purse or desk .
 I purchased this oil along with the Kai body buffer because they were Oprah 's favorite things . I love them both , but wish the scent of the body glow lasted longer . I spray it into my palm , then rub over my upper and lower arms , neck and chest . I have to actually place my nose close to my arm to smell it , but that 's fine with me . Love the scent , but it is very subtle
 If you like gardenias you will love this scent . Very soft and subtle . For dry skin the spray is perfect , not too heavy or sticky , but gives a silky feeling which feels `` just right '' for bare arms in summer .
 Love the scent and the beautiful sheen it gives your skin . Scent is not overpowering . Makes you feel so good just applying it .
 I love this product ! It has a great fragrance and is a light moisturizing spray . Great for summer
 What a great way to moisturize AND smell good ! Love this product . I 've been using it for 3-4 summers now and still get compliments each time I have it on . -LRB- I say it 's for summer as it 's not enough for my dry winter skin . -RRB-
 This is a lovely body spray - its smells fabulous and lasts ages . I will definitely buy the rest of the range probably for a Christmas present for myself !! It 's a big bottle and will last a long time very good value for money . Go buy some !!!!!!
 I really love this fragrance and it stays with me all day . I also have really bad allergies and this is the first fragance that I been able to wear without getting a headache in years . Everyone compliments me on this spray and the glow is really nice .
 If you 're a fan of any of the Kai products , you will need to add this to your morning ritual . It feels so silky smooth on the skin and the fragrance is fabulous . A must have .
 If you are fond of the scent of the Hawaiian Pikake flower , you will absolutely love the scent of Kai . Similar in note to a modern day gardenia -LRB- if that makes sense -RRB- with a light , creamy coconut note that epitomizes the islands , this is sweet -- and oh so romantic . The Kai Body Glow holds its own with enduring fragrance without the addition of the roller ball perfume . For a delightfully moisturizing , island glow , spritz all over right out of the shower and prepare to exude exoticism and entice an irresitable following of olfactory interest .
 Nice moisturizing spray oil , the product smells wonderful ! The only complaint I have is the fragrance does n't last very long .
 I feel so sexy when I wear this stuff ! I feel like I 'm on vacation .
 This body glow is really a very gentle smooth light spray of fragrant oil . It absorbs quickly , so you are not left with an oily feel . and the you smell great all day long .
 It is a very nice scent , but it wears off very quickly . Which can be a good thing for those people that do n't want a stronger scent like the perfume .
 I bought this nail polish for my mother . She loved it . She loved the color . It was a great price for such nice nail polish .
 This nail polish is the perfect size for your purse or desk .
 I bought this nail polish for my mother . She loved it . She loved the color . It was a great price for such nice nail polish .
 This nail polish is the perfect size for your purse or desk .
 I absolutely love this cleanser ! I am totally bummed , though , because it has been discontinued by the Hyland 's company ... I hope they will bring it back .
 I love this product ! I have used Proactiv and other expensive products , and ca n't believe this works so well , and is very inexpensive . It took a couple of weeks to show a difference , but the amount of breakouts has significantly dropped to almost none already ! I will definitely continue to use this product !
 This is the best investment ever ! They start you out with everything you need from the liners to the paraffin . It was so easy to set up & start enjoying . I 've used it on average twice a week and my feet & hands are so wonderfully moist -- even in this winter weather . My heels are no longer cracked & my cuticles are so healthy -- not snagging at all . Thank you for this perfect product & so much cheaper than going to the salon ! It 's so relaxing -LRB- I use lavender -RRB- as I do this just before bed .
 Wax takes about 5 hours to melt when first put in . I leave it plugged in now for a faster melt time . Wax warms to a nice tolerable temp on warmer temp . Lavendar Wax smells nice and is not overwhelming . Wax stays warm for maybe 30 seconds or so after you dip your hands . But I was n't expecting the wax to stay warm long since it did n't at the salon either . I bought the mittens and booties to go with , they give a nice salon feel but are not necessary if you do n't want to spend the extra dough . Made my hands feel soft and I would definately recommend lavishly applying lotion then dipping hands for added moisture and softness .
 Pros
 This melts the wax quickly stays at an even temperature all the time . Very soothing for my arthritis .
 Lovely but small hot wax dip - works pretty well for one hand at at time , but not two . Does n't work too well for feet!Love the way my hands feel after a treatment , using the moisturizer lotion before the hot wax . Did not find that using the plastic bags and/or the insulated gloves added anything but awkwardness - certainly did not add to the lenght of time the heat lasted !
 I like the product fine , however I had difficulty knowing that the order had gone through so ordered again . The biggist hassle was contacting UPS to send back the second one .
 This is a great item to have in your home for dry hands or feet . With the addition of the mitts and bootees . . leaves your hands and feet real soft and like having a massage on them .
 This product was recommended to me by my massage therapist . I have very dry skin and the paraffin wax has been helpful in keeping my hands soft . I feel as if I am at an expensive salon being pampered .
 This is a nice little wooden rack to hold a bar of soap . It does n't take much space and the slots are perfect for draining the water so the soap does n't melt .
 The original Oscar de la Renta frangrance is still one of my favourites to this day . It 's classy and exotic and musky . I think of it as a winter perfume -LRB- if you wear this in hot weather , you will find the fragrance changes on you and becomes a little potent maybe -RRB- . This has some oriental notes , and musky and woody yet also floral notes . It is a heavier fragrance but it evokes all my memories of being a young teen because the sense of smell triggers memories more than any other sense , and I got my first bottle of this when I was around 14 or so.While it 's now an older perfume , it 's still stunning today and will always be part of my collection . I love this small size and it 's now perfect for travelling with . I love it .
 Born in Santo Domingo , Oscar de la Renta left his home country while still a teenager . His destination ? Madrid to study painting.Today , there are few who are not familiar with the name Oscar de la Renta . He is a fashion designer known throughout the world not only for his couture collections but also for his philanthropic endeavors.Since beginning his own company in 1965 de la Renta has impacted the design of accessories , jewelry , handbags , scarves , shoes , furniture , and fragrances.Oscar , his initial perfume offering was introduced in 1977 , and now is a popular seller throughout the world . In addition , it is the winner of the 1991 Fragrance Foundation Success Award.More importantly to us , the scent is unforgettable . Floral with a hint of Oriental it is a lovely blend of jasmine , basil , lavender , and sandalwood.It 's romantic , and memorable . Enjoy .
 I have used this fragrance since it was first introduced , and this cream is thick , lucious , and has staying power ! Happy with the speed of delivery , quality of the product , and , of course , the fragrance !
 Smooth , absorbes easily wonderful scent ! It is true to the perfume , my favorite scent , I have several different Ombre Rose products , I love it !
 This is a lovely scent and so creamy . It arrived in great time and well packaged . Very pleased with order .
 I was immediately impressed by the pleasant sensation of coconut lime cream on my skin . It 's a sensation welcome during the hot days of summer , maybe not so appealing on cold winter mornings . My bathroom is colder than the rest of the house , and as a result the Alba usually goes on cold . I 've even gone as far as running hot water over the tube to warm it.The coconut aroma of this variety is so fabulous , one is almost tempted to taste it.As with the Mango Vanilla formula , I enjoyed a smooth , close shave using the Coconut Lime Alba . The razor glided across my face almost effortlessly , resulting in an uncommonly close shave . I ca n't say that all shaves with this cream have been without nicks or cuts , but I 've lost considerably less blood with Alba than I have with some of my bargain creams . I prefer squeezing the shave cream out of a tube than using the conventional foam pressurized can because I feel I am better able to control the amount coming out of the container . A container of Alba lasts a long time too.I 've been very pleased with my Alba Coconut Lime shaving experiences and look forward to trying additional creams in the Alba family .
 I 've been trying to purchase more organic/green products from ethical companies and decided to try this . I love this cream ! No razor burn or bumps from ingrown hairs .
 I absolutly love this shaving cream . I always had knicks and cuts which traditional shaving creams . With this shaving cream I rarely rarley get cuts and my legs are so soft afterwards . It kind of feels like a lotion . The only negative thing I can think of is that it tends to clog the razor easily .
 Let me preface this by saying that I do n't ever bother to take the time to write reviews for products , even if they work well . However , Alba shave cream worked so exceedingly well that I was prompted to do it justice with this review.I bought the coconut lime version on a whim based on what another reviewer on Amazon wrote . This was ~ 3 years ago . I bought a tube to try and that SAME one tube lasted me 2 years . Yes , you read that correctly . I shave about every 3 days and usually after a shower . It says -LRB- correctly -RRB- on the tube that using less works better , and this is definitely the case . I find that I can use about dime to nickel-sized drop to cover my entire face . Remember to wet your face lightly before applying , as this helps the cream spread . And DO NOT gob it on , this is not your regular horrid shaving cream . Apply it as if you were putting on aftershave lotion or a face lotion ... that same amount . It goes on clear -LRB- a big plus since you can see what spots you missed -RRB- . Shave as normal , rinsing frequently . . your beard will just seem to vanish from your face . There is no tugging of the blade , no skipping , in fact with sharp or even a somewhat used razor , you hardly exert any effort ... its just like a knife through butter.I have fairly sensitive skin and find that after using the alba shave cream I do n't even need aftershave . I have no bumps , ingrown hairs , nothing except a smooth shave . I can count the amount of nicks and cuts I 've had in 2 years on one hand and you can kiss irritation goodbye.In summary , BUY THIS . It uses natural ingredients and is n't even tested on animals . It 's a steal and I would pay even $ 20 a tube , it 's that good . Get the 4 pack and give it as gifts or just to keep handy . The length of this review should tell you how good alba shave cream is ! NO other shaving cream/lotion that I 've tried even comes close . I will never use another shaving cream again . Happy shaving ! **** UPDATE 9/2009 **** So I put my money where my mouth was and bought a new tube after my old trusty one ran out . Much to my extreme disappointment I found out that Alba has changed the formula of this product . It is much less thick and not as moisturizing . I suspect they watered it down after discovering just how little you needed to shave . Now the shave is simply decent and I 'm back on the hunt to find a thick , MOISTURIZING cream shave again . Any suggestions Amazonians ?
 I hate shaving foam and the Skintimate cream at Walmart , so I looked up top rated shaving cream on Amazon . This was it ! I was so impressed by the smell , the way it clings to your skin and does n't end up wasted down the shower drain , the no metal no rust tube and the cool refreshing soft feeling my legs had after using this product . It washes away clean and does n't irritate my sensitive skin . Also I noticed a closer shave especially under my arms where I never could get all the hair until now . I plan to give this as a gift to my female friends because it is that good !
 This product smells so good , and it is so rich and creamy . Definitely my favorite shaving cream - no bumps or cuts , ever !
 after 20 years of trying everything known to man , and pretty much using Edge as , what I and so many men I know , thought was what works best , I happened upon this stuff by chance . man alive this is by far the best ever shave cream , and I have been using it for over a year now , wont touch anything else.The trick to it is , well first off it does not lather allot , so you think , what is this junk ? but trust me , its the best . So then the trick is to get about a quarter size of it on your palm , rub it in THEN let it set for a few min . Best shave is in the shower , so your face is warm from showering , then shave last.What is really great is after you shave , your face feels lubbed up , dont even need after shave.I tried the mango cream also , it just does NOT do the same , dont like it . so then its the Aloe in the Coconut lime cream ? must be , its all about this Coconut Lime , best ever.My brother also says its the best ever for shaving his head .
 I had a mirror like this for over 20 years and could not find a similar one anywhere . I finally found this on the amazon search , its not the best quality but it is lightweight and as I always cut my own hair it is perfect for what I want . It just needs to be handled carefully when adjusting the screws . And at this price I will buy more so I have them . Its much cheaper than a salon cut , and as a stylist I like to cut my own hair . Satisified
 I have had one of these mirrors for probably 40 + years . I broke mine tonight when I just grabbed the mirror section and tilted it without unscrewing the screw first . It just snapped off , and my fault . I loved this mirror as I , too , cut my own hair , frost my hair and used this mirror to style my hair when I put it up . It worked great all these years . I hope these plastic versions will be available on this site again and soon .
 It is what it is ! The description is accurate . I save a bundle by cutting my own hairs ! CRAFT IDEA
 Hollywood is what I would consider a `` modern '' perfume , a sharp rather than soft scent that consists of a citrus-oriented top note bubbling with an undercurrent of warmth , musk , and exotic night-blooming flowers . It is flexible ; easily transitioning from stylish everyday fare to sultry evening wear , depending on the circumstances in which it is worn -LRB- or more importantly , the mood of the wearer -RRB- . On any occasion it evokes a feel of excitement , a sense that new and interesting things could be just around the next corner . It is neither a `` young '' fragrance nor an `` old '' one . I would n't recommend it for preteens , nor can I imagine a great-grandmother wearing it , but for anyone in between those two extremes , it could be the perfect scent.I was a little surprised to see that it is primarily recommended for daily wear , because I would have considered it an evening fragrance . It 's one of my favorite scents , because of its versatility , and because the scent stays with you all day long and well into the evening , without overpowering the senses . An added bonus is the price ; this fragrance smells more expensive than it is in reality . Hollywood is a perfume that gets a lot of compliments , as well as prompting many people to ask you what scent you 're wearing . I 'd recommend it for anyone who wants a bit of an adventurous and exotic mystique surrounding them .
 My wife simply loves this fragrance and so do I . It is reasonably priced and has an irresistable fragrance . Would recommend it to any woman . Not only for herself , but also the man in her life . Believe me , he will love you for it .
 I have used this perfume for years and continue to get compliments about it . Love it and will continue to use for years to come . I have tried so many other perfumes and never have I received as many compliments as I do with Hollywood .
 I get the most compliments when I where it . And it is affordable . All in all it 's just a good product .
 Excelente producto . Recomiendo la atenci&oacute;n del vendedor . entrega a tiempo . Es un aut&eacute;ntico perfume que lleg&oacute; sin ning&uacute;n da & ntilde ; o. Recomendable totalmente .
 The fragrance is just as I remember it years ago . it is very sweet and lasts long . I tested the scents of other fragrances on my body and it outlasted them all . Sweet n fruity !
 I looked online and compared the cost with other online stores and I felt like amazon had the best price . I love the smell of this fragrance and I 'm asked all the time what it is I 'm wearing . The scent last a long time even after I stop smelling it . This product is very much worth the cost . Great value for your money .
 Alba Hawaiian papaya enzyme mask is fast and easy to use . Apply the mild scented mask to your face and feel the slight ting of the enzyme exfoliating your skin . Then wash in off and feel refreshed . It is a good product when you do n't have time for yourself . Enjoy !
 This product melts really well because of its texture . It 's tiny balls of wax stuck together when you first open the package , to make breaking the wax into smaller pieces , easy.Keep in mind that this paraffin wax product has oils in it so it 's not quite like the wax at a nail salon . They lather lotion on your limbs before dipping into the wax , but with this wax you do n't need the lotion and is almost too much with it . I wish they offered non-oily wax like the salons so that I could use my favorite lotion before dipping but I 'm not complaining . Loving my hands and feet -LRB- skin & cuticles -RRB- after a treatment . It 's very pampering.Side-note
 A manufacturer 's backlog postponed my order through Medical For You . I ordered it December 31 , 2010 and did n't receive the item until January 22 , 2011 with an expected delivery date of January 11 . Although I had a difficult time getting the issue fixed , Medical For You made up for it by sending another item similar to the one I ordered ... free of charge.Not sure I 'd order this particular item from Medical For You again , but at least they came around and gave better customer service .
 I love the light fresh lavender scent of this paraffin . Also , the wax really mositures your hands after removing them from the paraffin bath .
 I love this paraffin ! Inexpensive , smells great and shipped quick . To touch on a few notes
 Received it promptly , no delays , no surprises . Smells nice-not too powerful odor . Works in my daughter 's paraffin hand bath just fine .
 Good amount of paraffin for those heat treatments , great packaged and good quality . You wont regret this buy if you need paraffin for those therapeutic baths.Melts really fast .
 The product is exactly what I expected . It is 6 packs of solid paraffin wax . I received the product quickly in the mail and was very happy with the product .
 I checked Amazon.com for paraffin because the original paraffin that came with my paraffin bath was getting crumbly . I ordered the lavendar Therabath Refill Paraffin Wax . I was surprised because it seemed `` softer '' than what I had been using , and I wondered whether it would do the job as well . I have found that Therabath has a couple advantages over the original paraffin . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It melts faster . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It comes off easily after I have used it . I can pull it off like a glove . Sometimes the original would stick to my skin , and getting all the pieces off would take a while.At first I could smell the lavendar , but either I 've gotten used to it , or the scent fades as it gets older . That happened with the original too . The scent is not important to me . What matters is that it does the trick.Therabath Refill Paraffin Wax , Lavender , 6 lbs
 I had to purchase a paraffin bath due to a recent diagnosis of Rheumatoid Arthritis and I can definitely tell a difference between the Therabath paraffin wax and other brands . I have n't found a brand that I like better !
 I have trigger fingers and the paraffin bath eases the pain . This particular wax seems to be the best for the money . And ... it smells good too .
 Great value ! I also really like the bead-like consistency that made refilling my parafin bath to just the right level so easy .
 This wax is wonderful ! It melts quickly , smells wonderful , and makes your hands so soft . I have already reordered this wax twice .
 The refills were received quickly and just as described ! They melt very nicely in my wax bath .
 Loved it ! Ca n't wait to try the peach ! WAY better than the wax my bath came with
 the bead style of the wax is wonderful ! with other waxes i had to actually cut them then have my hubby break them so i could use . the extra dollar or so is totally worth it . the scent is n't over powering but very nice . will buy agian
 Easy to use , quick melting pellets , nice soft scent , I will buy this product again .
 This wax not only smells nice , but it leaves a nice residue on your skin . You will find yourself rubbing your hands after the wax is off . I bought this wax to replace the 1st batch I had , and this wax seems ` lighter . ' It 's not as dense . The lavendar smell is the best , though .
 I love this product ! I bought it as a refill for my Revlon paraffin bath . It covers better than the wax that came with the bath , and leaves my hands feeling soft and smooth . I 'll definitely buy this brand and scent in the future .
 I ordered this lavender scented prafffin as a replacement for old paraffin for my hand bath . It has a lovely , gentle scent - nothing too much or too sickly sweet , just nice . I really like it !
 I purchased the peach and dilute it with the unscented . Works great and has a mild peach aroma . Easy to dispense and melt . I highly recommend this product .
 I had to contact customer service to try to change my ship address . It was my fault I marked the wrong address as ship to.Natali agreed to re-route my package , they caught it in time . and she said i would not be charged any extra fees . I greatly appreciated this service.I 've ordered these refills before for my mom and she enjoys the wax . It 's nice quality and smells great .
 I have never before purchased wax online . I have recently purchased several - 1 lb . pkgs . of the lavender Therabath refill Paraffin Wax.I was originally skeptical because the price was better than the price in a beauty store close to my house however , I was willing to take the chance because that beauty shop only sold blocks of wax and the price was higher . I did not care for the blocks because they took so long to melt.Much to my surprise , the wax pellets were very fragrant and melted quickly . I can now offer my clients a paraffin wax dip on their hands prior to their massage . Thank you from my clients and myself for a great product.Sincerely , Massage Touch , S.C.
 I love the lavender fragrance so much as it reminds me I 'm in a spa ... soothing and wonderful !!
 We have used the Revlon heated wax therapy for quite some time and needed the refill as the wax level had gotten low , the original amount since we purchased the unit . This refill is just what we needed . The lavender scent is nice , my wife says . Quick shipping from Amazon as usual .
 Best paraffin form ever , beads melt quickly and are so clean and smooth . The unscented is not only great for allergic clients , but the perfect vehicle for me to add my own oils and scents for custom work . I 'm sticking with this brand forever !
 Was a present for the wife . Leaves her skin feeling soft . She likes it and I like that .
 I needed a refill for my paraffin bath , this product was the most economical . I love the smell - it 's not too strong , just right ! The granulated pellets work well for refilling , you can use just what you need .
 Skin feels soft after use , and there is no odor to compete with other products and perfume .
 This is the best deal going , especially if you are an Amazon Prime member and get free 2-day shipping like I am . I shopped all over the place to find the best price for paraffin wax refills both online and in stores and this was by far the best priced per pound ! I will definitely be coming back for this item .
 I used this at my open house and clients enjoyed the lavender aroma . Thanks for a great product , will be purchasing in future .
 The lavender smells good ... IMHO . It is in small beads that help with speeding up the melting process when adding to already melted wax . It comes in a box with six individual one lbs bags . As I wrote ... very nice .
 paraffin wax for the professional i use this product with my clients and they love it
 Great product , it melts much faster than the large bars that I used to use . It also makes it easier to add just a little when needed without having to get out a knife and cut up a bar . The fragrance is subtle and pretty and the parafin comes off easily and my hands are not greasey . I really love it .
 I recently hurt my elbow at work and was sent to physical therapy . They were charging workers comp -LSB- ... -RSB- for every time i dipped my elbow ... in the wax atleast 10 people used a day . For just over -LSB- ... -RSB- I have a huge amount of wax that is much more comfortable than a heating pad and feels great . My wife also enjoys it just for the oil it leaves on her skin and pleasant smell . I use a crock pot to heat it , but you have to be careful because it gets too hot . The spas are the perfect temp , but take hours to heat up and are overpriced . Cleanup is easier than you think and I reuse the wax often , just put it back in the hot oil and add some essential oils every few times , I suggest mint for injuries and lavender for relaxing .
 I am 53 years young , and I have Arthritis in different parts of my body , so it is always nice to have a relief in some areas . The wax helps my hands and my wrists . I ca n't use it on my feet because I have Raynauds syndrome , which changes the circulation and tempature of my feet and hands , but my feet are the worst of the two , and the left foot is the worst of all . Plus I have Spinal Damage which left my right side of my body from the breast line down totally numb , BUT I do n't say any of this to have anyone feel sorry for me . I have had a relationship with the Lord Jesus since 1978 , and He has been my strength and my BEST -- EST friend , all the way through my life . So anything I go through He is with me all the way . Thank You for the relief ; Your friendJill D. Mercier
 this is a very nice paraffin to use . not only is it very pliable , it has a nice aroma
 Very Happy with the purchace ... All the nurses and that for Mom take their turns with it also . .
 I bought these as a replacement for the Therabath and I was satisfied . I am a big fan of lavender , and a pleasant surprise with this product is when it was first melted down my whole apartment smelled like lavender -- lovely ! I find that the wax itself works fine to soften my hands and feet . And contrary to some previous reviewers , I found that mine actually did come in tiny balls , rather than congealed together . This definitely made the paraffin bath easier to fill than having the huge blocks -LRB- which I had to score and break so that I could get multiple blocks into the container to melt initially -RRB- -- although if you are not filling a completely empty container it may not matter as much -LRB- meaning , it may not be worth the extra costs for the balls , if there is one -RRB- . If you get the large bath , it will take at least 4 of these to fill it up to an appropriate amount , so you may want to get more than one box . Enjoy !
 This is an excellent product . It is easy to add the amount needed to a paraffin bath because the paraffin comes in small pieces rather than a solid one pound block . It melts faster , too . The lavender fragrance is lovely . This is so soothing for painful arthritic hands or feet and for dry skin . This was the lowest price I found for this product .
 Had gotten on to order my usual Homedics and saw someone comment about the price , so I checked out the `` people who viewed this item also viewed ... '' and found this . Very happy with the quality , and the scent is light , relaxing , and wonderful !
 product as described , great price , arrived in time expected - will reorder again for another refill
 I have been paying a lot to have a paraffin wax treatment for my sore hands and I thought I would look on Amazon to see if I could find paraffin in bulk and try the process at home . To my surprise the Therabath comes with mineral oil mixed in and is wonderful quality , melts easily , and cleans up easier than regular paraffin wax that I have used before.I got the scent-free wax and melted it in a small crock pot , let it cool and then dipped my hands in it.It is great for my sore joints and with the added oil , it acts as a moisturizer and my hands are soft and love the treatement !
 The wax is presented as flakes rather than beads or a big lump . The flakes melt very quickly , so you do not need to wait three or four days to use wax therapy device . It also leaves a silky feel to the hands and the wax is very soothing .
 My daughter had a rare blood disorder that resulted in widespread scleraderma on her arm . This causes hardening of the tissues , skin problems , and loss of function in her hand . All in all , a nightmare for this young woman.She was introduced to this therapy by her hand and arm physical therapist . It helped her greatly , and they decided that daily therapy at home would be a huge benefit . We purchased this unit , which , for all intents and purposes , is the same as the professional unit used by her therapists.We have hope that systemic drug therapy will eventually reverse and even cure the scleraderma , but we think the wax treatments are essential to prevent further damage in the interim . If it can help someone like my daughter , then it should be a fine option for many people with less severe skin conditions .
 This is a wonderful product and smells devine . I bought a home unit and need to keep my feet/hands warm for medical issue . This does the trick and softens my feet and hands so well I wish they made a body unit . I will buy product again . Nice to have such a good supply great price and excellent service .
 I really ca n't recommend this enough . If you have a paraffin wax heater , these beads are WONDERFUL . I love the scent , but I know it is n't for everyone . Beads are so much easier to deal with than the bars ! The added aromatherapy makes this product a MUST HAVE !
 I HAD read in previous reviews that this stuff stank something fierce . Let me assure you , this wax smells like ... lavender.I would much prefer this smell to a snuffed out candle or winter fresh.The relaxing scent and easy melt worked wonderfully.ONCE you reach 120F -LRB- 49C -RRB- Do NOT HEAT FURTHER ... This wax holds heat well and will give you a nasty shock if you push the heat up too high ! Though oily , it is wonderful after a good 5-9 layers . -LRB- allow each layer to cool before reapplying as this builds up layers of heat and keeps a nice thick pack of warmth on the treatment area for a significant period of time.This wax works wonders on arthritic joints in the hand ! It 's quite a pity that one has to wash off the oils to handle objects afterwards . Terribly good fun peeling it off.Wax can be generally messy but having some melted around the house really provides a lot of relief especially as the weather turns wintry and cold!I have not reheated the wax but will endeavor to edit my post after several periods to let you know how much the smell wears off and whether there is disintegration after multiple reheats .
 This is a marvelous product for hands , elbows , and feet . It is also great for dry skin and arthritis pain . Very soothing !
 Good product . Has oil in it so it 's really a nice touch . It 's easy to use and my clients love it .
 I purchased this product for my Dr. Scholl 's paraffin bath as I could no longer locate their wax refills . These refills are better than the original . Not only does the lavender scent smell great , but the wax is much easier to handle . This product comes in little beads instead of solid chunks . So pouring into the bath is a breeze especially for hands with arthritis . The product arrived before it was promised ; thanks Amazon ! I highly recommend this product .
 Great frangrance and it melted well . Everyone at my spa party reallyenjoyed how this product softened and smoothed their hands and feet.Some of us even did our elbows ! PeachE is my favorite paraffin bath !!
 My wife uses it for her arthritis in her hand and loves the lavender smell
 This product , theTherabath Refill Paraffin Wax , Lavender , 6 lbs , is terrific . It is priced right , works well , smells good and the seller followed through as I would expect .
 This is a great product at a great price . The scent is lovely and the wax melts quickly . This is a purchase that you will not regret .
 I like the wax the beads melt , it takes less time to melt , new product , fast delivery and good seller , will buy again
 With the free super saver shipping from Amazon , this price is a steal . It seems to be good quality and it retains its aroma for a good long while . I use it on tired hands
 If you have a paraffin bath , you will need refills , and this is an economical way to fulfill that need .
 I got bored using the Therabath every night to help with my healing broken wrist . Got out of habit of using it when I started wearing my rings .
 I love using the lavendar wax . If one has to use this it Might as well be something that is real pleasant fragrance .
 works well in our paraffin bath-while melting it gives off a lovely fragrance that is very soothing-we use the paraffin on the hands-it helps a lot with pain and after use leaves the hands soft and moisturized-would recommend to anyone with pain in hands or fingers
 I love this ! I used the reviews that recommended this & they were right ! This stuff is great in the Spa Wax Bath . LOVE IT !!!!
 I really like this lavendar wax . The scent is so &#34; warming &#34; . I like the beaded wax as it melts more evenly and quickly .
 What a great feeling you will get with this Lavender paraffin wax . Not only does it make your hands soft and smooth , it smells so good .
 I purchased this wax to put into a paraffin bath and I must say it is a very good wax . Not strong at all although it has a slight touch of the lavender . I was hesitant at first because of the scent , but I must say it is very mild . Melted very quick in my paraffin bath , and peels very easily when removed . Great product .
 Therabath Refill Paraffin Wax is wonderful , leaves my hands and feet moisturized . Love it for the warmth on my hands to relieve aches and pains and on my feet no more cold feet .
 Overall I like the wax . However , I bought this wax for the lavender scent which is great but I also bought it as it showed to be wax pellets vs a big block of wax . When it arrived they were all &#34; melted &#34; together and each bag was just a big lump of wax . Disappointed it was n't the wax pellets I wanted . I 'll be buying a different brand next time .
 I got this cologne for my dad as a gift , as he is an avid cigar smoker . I was nervous about buying a fragrance I was unfamiliar with over the internet , but I decided to give it a try . My dad liked the scent . It is masculine , not too overpowering , and a clean scent . I think it was a great value for the price .
 Flexs of glitter are large , about half the size of craft glitter . I was looking for a shimmer effect not big glitters stuck on my face .
 I originally discovered this stuff in College -- back in the 80s -LRB- showing my age here -RRB- and it was the coolest thing ever . I would put a little on and it would even out my skin tone and my boyfriend at the time thought I had gotten a tan . My skin was -LRB- and is -RRB- prone to acne and this powder never caused problems . The thing I really like about it is that it is so much easier -LRB- read ... FASTER -RRB- to apply than liquid foundation . I prefer to use a brush instead of the puff because it provides me with more control.You have to get used to using this stuff -- it is easy to get too much on ... in which case , it will not look natural with the rest of your skin tone . It is like adding spices to your cooking . You start with a little and if you do n't like it , you can always add more.Also , the key is to wait a minute or so before adding more . It truly does change color -LRB- often deepens -RRB- as it combines with the oils on your face . So put a very light dusting on , then start working on your eyeshadow to give it time to `` set '' . If you still feel like you need a little more , then you can go with a second dusting.For very light skin tones , -LRB- i 'm fair to medium -RRB- , I understand they have different shades now which might work better -- especially in the winter when it looks kind of wierd to have that `` sun-kissed '' look.BTW , it really does work great as a natural fingernail color . you apply to your finger nails with a brush and then apply clear polish .
 I used Indian Earth in the late 70 's at the suggestion of my cousin . I loved it ! And still do . The order I received was for the smaller jar , and the same kind of puff was included . Use sparingly ! This one should last me a couple of years !! I am so glad to have found it again . Now , can anyone tell me where I can find a cologne called Tweed ?
 My recently large dog ate the cork top and emptied the contents from front to back in our house . The Indian Earth powder seems to stay put where it 's sprinkled . Have loved this powder for years and will order a replacement.Elaine Palmore
 This is an excellent in between filler from using self tanners that eventually build up on knees and ankles , this prduct is a great subtitute , you will need to dilute it with white powder to get a balanced hue , this is a very dark reddish and to dark for my skin initially . Love it , you need to use soap to wash it off .
 luv this so glad i found it again . Used it in the 80ies . i 'll be ordering all indian earth products . thanks againJoan Machetto
 This is great . I loved this stuff 25 years ago , and this did n't disappoint . Will definitely order again .
 Excellent product if you have ever used Indian Earth , you can use it for lips , cheek color and all over face glow.Vendor was fast and proficient .
 LOVE LOVE LOVE it . smaller and different jar than years ago but I love it . Same product from when I was young . Lasts forever too . Best blush ever .
 I used this in the seventies and have been fooled before by cheap imitations . This is the real deal , and it still works beautifully as a blusher , contour powder , eyeshadow , and even a lip tint . Color is perfect for me . Love it !
 Glominerals lip pencil is pricey but well worth it . It is so smooth and blends well with all lip color .
 I love the color of these pencils . They are really a good match for natural lip color . They go on smoothly too . The only thing I would wish for is that it would last longer .
 I like that it is a little thick as I can see it when I put it on and quite frankly my biggest concern with this type of product is how well it protects my child - considering they have very little tan line and we are outdoors quite a bit , I would say it is doing it 's job . For the reviewer that said it was crumbly , I would say she got a bad batch - it is creamy , thick yes , but creamy and goes on nice and even . Also it is ranked fairly well as being safe on EWG 's website .
 I like to use the Aveeno lotions and sunscreens and wanted to find this for my son ... I could n't find it in the stores ... Best stuff ever ! Worked great on my son . We are outside a lot . It is not greasy and goes on smoothly .
 It 's nice and smooth and you do n't need too much . Mild scent , which is good !
 The suction cups stick to everything and I love that I can just slap it up on my bathroom mirror when I 'm done and walk away without blinking . The zoom is perfect and the led is awesome and bright to spotlight whatever you 're working on . The description says that it is good for your purse but I would argue that it depends on what size of purse you are carrying . It is rather large for a smaller purse , much bigger than a normal compact mirror . There also is no carrying case/cover so the mirror is completely exposed . I use it at home but would find it portable in a make-up bag when I need to travel . The batteries are easy to replace and so far the materials and design seem pretty solid .
 This mirror lets you find those little foreign bodies -LRB- fuzz , eyelashes , etc -RRB- that get into your eyes and that you can not see with any other mirror . The LED is very bright and illuminates well . The suction cups stick to everything , even the countertop when I lay the mirror down . This is a great price , because it is $ 20 on the Zadro web page .
 This is the best scent , and I 've got about 10 colognes . I am on my second bottle -- and Opium for Men is the only other bottle I 've ever bought two of . It has a unique , manly scent , and I just love it . A bit like CK one but less feminine . The kind of scents I like are Paradise , Lucky No. 6 , and Crave to give you an idea of my taste . I am not sure if the pheromones will attract a lover , as I am not looking for one . Nor am I confident how gay pheromones would work , but I have noticed that people are nicer to me when I wear it , and I feel more confident . I heartily recommend this product , even for its lofty price . The high price is probably because it contains some real science , or at least so one hopes .
 I have bought this cologne before . It has a nice light scent to it . I do find the scent itself does n't last long . I still question the effectiveness of the pheromone content working it 's magic . It could be a little less expensive . Overall I would continue to wear this cologne but only when I am in social situations . I use it sparingly . Not for daily wear at this price . I do recommend it .
 I have used this product for some time and keep buying more when I run out . It has a nice , fresh shower-clean citrus and flower scent that is not heavy and activates lightly throughout the day . I work in retail and deal one on one in close contact with my customers . The ladies talk a lot and hang around for a few minutes and the guys get closer than usual and we frequently have prolonged gazes into each others eyes and quite a few smiles ! Intense gives me that extra boost of confidence when helping people . Thanks !
 I find this is a lovely scent for a man . Someone told me it was a scent that would attract MEN ? Well , I simply find it a peaceful , masculine scent and I use it . I do not think anyone would be disappointed with it and for the price I have paid big bucks for scents that did not attract attention like this . ENJOY .
 I have been waiting TEN now for a few years and people always stop me and ask me what I am wearing . Yes , it works . I now give this as a gift for friends birthdays and holidays . - This rocks !
 Yes , this is sold by 10 % . BUT , I am a woman and wear this cologne . One of my best guy friends had it and I loved it so much I bought it and started wearing it . It lasted me 3 months because I wore it so much . I would go out to a club and have men and women asking me what I wearing and literally SNIFFING my neck . * big perk *
 I like this glitter lotion , and first time I used it I used too much ! Do n't need a lot . However , what I was really looking for was something with smaller micro-glitter or shimmer . So when I received this I was slightly disappointed that it was `` normal '' sized glitter , not like a shimmering micro-glitter . This was just my misconception , expecting something else . I do n't think Glitter-Up mis-represents their product , it IS very GLITTERY !!! I also like how this lotion is pretty much colorless , and does n't have a strong smell that would compete with perfume . It 's a nice consistency too .
 Love this product ! It adds the right amount of sparkle ! Great transaction and quick shipping ! Will be purchasing this again in the future ! : -RRB-
 Price was great ... great sheen and sparkle.exactly what I was looking for.Would definitely purchase again!Got the gold version as well .
 This `` Glitter-Up '' body lotion offers tremendous sparkle . Absorbs easily into the skin and leaves behind a nice sparkly quality . A simple application truly lasts for the majority of the day . My only complaint is that the lotion itself is n't the best quality . It 's a thinner product ... perhaps necessary due to all of the glitter inside ? I recommend this lotion for it 's sparkle alone - you need to apply a thicker body cream for your skin prior -LRB- if you need protection -RRB- .
 I was hoping this lotion would add just a nice shimmer to my skin , but unfortunately , the glitter pieces are larger than expected . It 's still really nice , the lotion itself has a nice scent and good consistency , and you do n't need a lot . I like it , but I just wish the pieces were smaller . Definitely does n't lie about being very glittery !
 There are few today who do not know the name Marc Jacobs . His clothing designs have won a loyal following who appreciate his flair and awareness of what becomes women . His designs are understated yet elegant , classic yet innovative.He reflects the same qualities in his fragrances . Of his latest , Blush , Mr. Jacobs said , `` My garden in Paris is permeated with the delicate scent of Jasmine . For me , it is a smell of simple and intense glory - nature in grand performance . I feel a connection exists between this rich flower and the innate power of femininity . `` What words could better describe this fragrance ? Star Jasmine , which is grown in China and is the richest form of Jasmine , highlights the scent augmented by Japanese Honeysuckle , soft musks and wood notes . It 's dreamy , almost tender . Ultra feminine.The bottle is sleek , curved , a blush glass tone topped by a silver cap . Also included in the collection is Body Cream , Body Lotion , and Shower Gel .
 I bought this a couple of years ago , and then could n't find it for months . I always get positive comments when I wear this perfume , even from people I do n't know . It 's floral and fruity , with another quality that I ca n't describe .
 A friend of mine was wearing this one day and I did not catch on that the delicious jasmine smell that seemed to follow us was coming from her . I thought we had just passed a jasmine bush , but there were none around . I finally figured out that the luscious scent was coming from her . I had to ask her what perfume she was wearing . It was Blush . This is the quintessential jasmine scent . Marc Jacobs really knows his florals . Stunning !
 I have read the other reviews regarding `` musky '' scent I am not one for Musky . As soon as I smelled this fresh scent I bought a bottle and got many compliments , in fact I have bought this as a gift . I am wondering if the bottles that were `` musky '' were old or were stored in a warm area .
 I have been wearing this fragrance for years . People stop me all the time and remark how wonderful it is . it smells like honeysuckle . I ca n't find it in retail stores anymore so thanks Amazon for stocking Marc Jacobs Blush !
 Mmmmmm ... a fresh , clean scent that also give off a hint of a floral scent . If you like scents that are soft , but wonderful - try this !
 Great parfume . Keeps long enough throughout a day and changes its smell every hour . Highly recommended !!! THank you vey much !!!
 There are few today who do not know the name Marc Jacobs . His clothing designs have won a loyal following who appreciate his flair and awareness of what becomes women . His designs are understated yet elegant , classic yet innovative.He reflects the same qualities in his fragrances . Of his latest , Blush , Mr. Jacobs said , `` My garden in Paris is permeated with the delicate scent of Jasmine . For me , it is a smell of simple and intense glory - nature in grand performance . I feel a connection exists between this rich flower and the innate power of femininity . `` What words could better describe this fragrance ? Star Jasmine , which is grown in China and is the richest form of Jasmine , highlights the scent augmented by Japanese Honeysuckle , soft musks and wood notes . It 's dreamy , almost tender . Ultra feminine.The bottle is sleek , curved , a blush glass tone topped by a silver cap . Also included in the collection is Body Cream , Body Lotion , and Shower Gel .
 There are few today who do not know the name Marc Jacobs . His clothing designs have won a loyal following who appreciate his flair and awareness of what becomes women . His designs are understated yet elegant , classic yet innovative.He reflects the same qualities in his fragrances . Of his latest , Blush , Mr. Jacobs said , `` My garden in Paris is permeated with the delicate scent of Jasmine . For me , it is a smell of simple and intense glory - nature in grand performance . I feel a connection exists between this rich flower and the innate power of femininity . `` What words could better describe this fragrance ? Star Jasmine , which is grown in China and is the richest form of Jasmine , highlights the scent augmented by Japanese Honeysuckle , soft musks and wood notes . It 's dreamy , almost tender . Ultra feminine.The bottle is sleek , curved , a blush glass tone topped by a silver cap . Also included in the collection is Body Cream , Body Lotion , and Shower Gel.An unforgettable fragrance .
 This little mirror works well . We stuck it on the inside of our mirrored cabinet door , and even with all the opening and closing , it has n't come off once .
 my 40 + eyes require this nifty little mirror to apply eyeliner . Small and simple . The suction cup released once and it fell to the tile floor but did n't break .
 I needed the magnifying mirror to spot and periodically remove those inverted eye lashes which are scratching the surface of my eyeballs . I attach the mirror on a wall at my eye level with the suction cup so that I do n't have to hunch over to use it , and both my hands are free to work on the lashes . A very helpful tool . Image is clear . Perfect !
 Its nice to get something that is exactly as described - this is one of those things ! I recommend !!
 She uses it every day . The suction cups work well and the magnification is excellent .
 I thought this would be larger in size ... it 's only about 3.5 &#34; diameter . The two size magnifications are good . I think it 's pricey but it works for me . I 'd recommend .
 I could no longer find Emporio Armani in the discount perfume stores nor in the department stores . It has been replaced by a new fragrance . I was pleased to find it on Amazon.com . I have a problem finding fragrances that I really like but this one is a winner . I hope Amazon continues to stock it .
 Amazon was great !! Came in a speedy manner eventhough it was the holidays . It made it to my mom for Christmas ! This is her favorite perfume . She bought it on a cruise at one of the islands and was hooked ever since . It smells so so good
 My favorite perfume , by far !! It 's light but so elegant and refreshing . I cant describe the smell but its sweet , lovely and sexy all at the same time ! LOVE IT !!
 This is the nicest scent you could ever ask for . I 've used Armani for years and just tried this fragrance and I truly love it . I do n't care for light , fruity or flowery scents and this one is far from that . Even though it is not made up of any of these scents , do n't be fooled ... as it is in a class all of its own .
 Seriously I 've always had problem finding fragrance to suit my body but you can not go wrong with armani . Its sensual yet classy ! very classy ... something that my young lady boss might wear . . something that can make men 's head turn when you walk pass ... 2 thumbs up from me
 great scent , never get sick of it . I do wish the scent lasted longer however , seems to wear off me rather quickly
 Amazon provided this product at a great price and it was delivered in a very timely manner . I would definitely order this product from Amazon again and recommend it to others . I love this fragrance . It is great for everyday , special occasions and for all ages . I am always asked what perfume I am wearing.Great product and great service from Amazon .
 I really like this perfume , and first purchased it several years ago . I am definitely thinking of buying again ! It smells soft , feminine , and a little musky/vanilla to me , and that 's why I like it ! Not overpowering , and seems to last . I also like the metal spray bottle packaging .
 I 've been wearing this perfume for many years and everywhere I go , women ask what I 'm wearing and where they can get it . Men just tend to stand a little closer , or those I know well , hug just a little longer . :--RRB- I 'm a tactile person and hug and touch those close to me . It 's refreshing that this perfume is n't overwhelming as some heavy perfumes that tend to give me headaches , yet will lightly linger all day . I 've noticed it is stronger and lasts much longer if I use a moisturizing lotion before I put it on . Perhaps the oils in the lotion bond and make it last . GREAT product . Worth every penny , but who wants to pay full price . I will continue to buy from this seller at this price . Much simpler than calling around to all the discount perfume kiosks and stores in the Greater Houston Area ! And with my Amazon Prime Membership , I get FREE TWO DAY SHIPPING !!!! I absolutely LOVE my prime membership and always SWORE I would never pay for a membership to be able to buy items , but I save an incredible amount of money on shipping and always look on Amazon first when I need something.MaggieMod
 This perfume from Giorgio Armani is a classic , it still smells as good as it did many , many years ago when I first bought it.It has a fresh smell and is a `` must have '' for everybody who is not too fond of sweet flowery or oriental type perfumes .
 Order came very fast and was in original unused package . I 'm very happy with purchase as I can no longer find this perfume in the store .
 This is one of my Wife 's favorite perfume , unfortunately it is not carried at any of the local department store 's anymore , so I decided to try online . I shopped around for availability and prices and as usually Amazon was top 1-3 everytime . So since I can count on Amazon to take care of everything from purchase to deleivery I selected them . My Wife is the real winner , she gets what she loves and has been unable to find . I get a great price and a Wife who is Greatful ! Thanks Amazon for prividing such great and continuous customer service.WDJSuffolk , VA
 This is my favorite scent . If you like cardamon and bergamot , you 'll love this fragrance . It is light and fresh . This perfume is found in the major department stores but avoid the crowds and buy it from Amazon . I 've always found the price to be better at Amazon over stores and vs. other online sellers . In all the years I 've used this product , I 've had only 2 occasions where the interior delivery system container slipped below the hole on the exterior canister . When that has happened , I 've pushed the interior unit out through the bottom and used it without the exterior canister . I recommend this perfume .
 I found this perfume about 12 years ago and have been using it since . It is the best scent for me . I LOVE IT . I just hope Amazon will continue selling it , because Macy 's has stopped .
 This is my absolute favorite perfume ! I have n't been able to find it anywhere , and trust me I 've searched . Please please please continue to carry it .
 Completely satisified with this product . Purchased two and my daughters love the fragrance . Very satisfied .
 Good soft scent . I love it . As usual great deal in Amazon and free fast shipping .
 Looked in the department stores where I used to buy this cologne , they do n't sell it anymore . Was so happy to find it online . Seemed like it was here in no time , and the packaging was great ... will order again . Pleased with purchase and service .
 Love this product . I have been using it for the past 10 years . First time online from Amazon . Great price . Will definitely buy it again .
 I first noticed this on a co-worker and had to know what it was . I found it on Amazon for half the price they were asking in-store . The product arrived on time with Prime shipping , and smells incredible ! I 've gotten more compliments with this than with all my other fragrances combined . It 's a light , feminine scent without being too spicy , floral , etc. . I am truly addicted to it .
 My favorite perfume !! It 's light but so elegant and refreshing . I cant describe the smell but its sweet , lovely and sensual all at the same time ...
 super feliz !!! me encanta este perfume ... gracias por procesar mi orden rapidamente compre a ultima hora . exelente vendedor recomendado 100 %
 Very pleasant smell . Yesterday sprinkled on the wrist and the smell is still holding -LRB- though I already took a shower 2 times -RRB- . I love the flavor .
 my favorite perfume , i could only find this size on amazon . very uniq scent , not flowery , not sweet , slighly woody/spicy but still light.As usual , speedy and on time delivery !
 I bought this perfum for my wife as gift for her birthday . She was very pleased with the fragrance . The price and shipping were great .
 Love all Armani parfumes , but this one is special . Very hard to find 100ml bottle . I like that casing is light , it so easy to carry it in the purse
 Great fragrance , soft , sexy and fresh , suitable for every day , office or simply a friend meeting , my wife love it !
 I was disappointed to not see this at the fragrance counter where I normally purchase it . I then checked on Amazon and found it for much cheaper ! -LRB- I hope that means they are not discontinuing it ! -RRB- This fragrance is fresh , not overpowering , not flowery . I work with adults with developmental disabilities . One individual I work with reacts to strong fragrances , -LRB- sneezing , headaches -RRB- and this perfume does not seem to bother him in the least . I have worn it , maybe 10 years or more and have not gotten sick of it . Please Armani , do not discontinue it !
 My favourite fragrance ever . I own at least 15 different fragances and no one feels as good as this one.Such a shame it is no longer being produced . I strongly suggest Armani to release some fragrance similar , even if it is with a different name , but same scent . It is simply the best Eau de Parfum I ever owned . EVER !
 Purchase this item for my cousin for Christmas , it was difficult to find in our area and online . My cousin loves the scent and that it is not a typical scent everyone wears .
 Wonderful product . I wish they would continue to make more . I ca n't seem to find it in any stores . Thanks
 I do not like powerful flowery sents . I ca n't describe what this smells like but it 's soft and lasts a long time . I have been having a hard time finding this so I 'm happy to finally find some
 para todo aquel que le gusten los perfumes esta es una opci&oacute;n excelente , llego sin problema y muy bien envuelto
 This was a Christmas gift for my son 's girlfriend . She absolutely loved it , because it is her favorite perfume . She could n't thank me enough .
 Emporio Armani She is the best perfume in the world , thank you so much for my order . I love it and will buy more in the future .
 This is my first time trying this fragrance . The scent is very good . Musky , sweet , relaxing and sophisticated . Not too fresh or sexually provoking . Ideal for office use or more formal occasions IMHO . It would make me -LRB- as a man -RRB- want to know more about the woman wearing this ! I would not recommend for someone looking for a super fresh and active scent.I 'm giving it 4 stars because the package I received -LRB- from Navarro Online , not Amazon itself -RRB- was not in perfect shape . It looked like the metal container had been under pressure that caused it to grind against the silver coating of the box . When we opened it the container looked dirty :-LRB- It was actually the silver coating of the cardboard . I had given this to someone as a gift so it was a bit embarrassing when she opened the box and found it cosmetically imperfect . I though this was unacceptable at this price range . Also this -LRB- and all the reviews about this fragrance being discontinued -RRB- made me think mine might have come from a very old stock or even not have been authentic . Since I 've had no previous experience with Emporio Armani She , there 's no way to tell !
 My wife loves her Christmas gift . Just what she wanted great size & price . I would order this again . Plus no waiting in lines .
 This perfume is one of my favorites ! I love the fresh , soapy clean smell and because the packaging is sealed , I know I am not getting an imposter scent .
 best perfume ever . soft , sensual , beautfiul scent.my daughter has been wearing this as her signature perfume for possibly 15 years and it 's hard to find . each year i pray i still buy it again for her . macy 's , boston store , and others claim its has been discontinued and do n't carry it .
 I bought this perfume for my mom for Chirstmas . This was a great deal for the size and price . It was delivered quickly , it smells great and my mom loved it -LRB- and so do I ! -RRB- .
 I bought this cologne as a Christmas present for my sister , not knowing her likes nor dislikes in smells . This turned out to be the perfect scent . A great cologne to use on an everyday basis .
 Love this perfume . Received as a gift from Auntie in Scotland . Hard to find in stores in the US . Macy 's in my area just stopped selling it.Glad to have found it .
 The transaction was very smooth amd prompt ! Thank you for your web site ! The price was great not even close to what I would pay at the regular department stores around me . I will definately be using this web site again !! Thank you !
 This scent is my daughter-in-law 's favorite and I searched the internet this year for a good price -LRB- she gets a bottle every year -RRB- . Amazon had the best price with Prime free shipping . All of the Armani scents are wonderful -LRB- according to my daughter-in-law -RRB- but she likes Emporio for Women the best !
 I bought this perfume on Amazon because it is no longer available at Dillards . This was a better price than -LSB- . . -RSB- -LRB- even with a fragrance net coupon ! -RRB- . The item arrived quickly and just as described . Will definitely buy from this seller again .
 This was a Christmas gift . She had not purchased this product for quite some time and was extremly pleased when she opened the gift . She smells like an angel . I will definitely purchase another bottle when this is gone .
 Amazon provided this product at a great price and it was delivered in a very timely manner . I would definitely order this product from Amazon again and recommend it to others . I love this fragrance . It is great for everyday , special occasions and for all ages . I am always asked what perfume I am wearing .
 I never get tired of this fragrance and I use it already for ten years . I wash my clothes and they still smell with this fresh fragrance .
 Best selling perfume I 've ever used . Have been using it for at least 11 years , but it 's very difficult to find and not cheap ! Wish the price would go down !
 we can never find this in any of the stores . We always buy it online my wife always wants it for Christmas .
 I am so upset that stores no longer carry this fragrance . Emporio Armani for women is one of my favorites .
 This evidently is an older style of the perfume , because you can no longer find it in the stores . Must order it online . Great perfume smell .
 This is my scent . Been wearing it for over a decade . Really grateful it is still around as I most likely will never switch .
 I love this fragrance ... I think they are discontinuing this product , though ... how sad that they would discontinue a product that they 've had around for years and then just stop it ... how sad ...
 So , about 12 years ago my grandmother had this perfume . She traveled to El Salvador and it was stolen out of her luggage , by Airline employees . Fast-forward 12 years and it makes an excellent birthday present . She absolutely loved it .
 I 've been sporting this fabulous cologne for many years . It 's hard to find and I pray Emporio Armani never , ever discontinues this !
 The idea of wearing `` scent of tomato '' may seem strange at first ... but , The Demeter Fragrance Library has opened a whole new world of colognes , from the most un-perfume-like sources and the results are often intriguing , delightful , fun and downright sexy . The folks at Demeter recognize how closely smell , memory and mood are linked . Founder and perfumer Christopher Bosius formulated a line of single note fragrances based on everyday scents with universal appeal . This is not a gimmick - scents like `` Sugar Cookie , '' `` Dirt , '' -LRB- reputed to be one of Madonna 's favorites -RRB- , and `` Tomato '' bring back happy memories of outdoor play while the smell of baking cookies wafts through an open door . `` Gin and Tonic , '' a bestseller , is n't bad either !! For Demeter `` Tomato '' think fruity , ripe , red and lush . This cologne cools the skin and evokes earthy images of sunshine and summer all year ` round ! I promise , you wo n't smell like a salad . This is really sexy ! I prefer it for day wear , sports , & gardening ; > . JANA
 This product is the best moisturizer/tint I have used . It keeps you face well protected and the tint covers small imperfections . The texture of my skin is much softer when I use it and I even use it as a makeup base when I go out in the evening .
 Why oh why does a product that I love disappear . It disappeard from Walmart shelves , and I could only find it on Amazon.com ... now it 's gone baby gone ?
 My wife got hooked on this when she was exposed to it at her hair salon . Amazon 's price is simply superior .
 I admit it does smell like rotten fruit . Pew ! But it works so great that I can deal with the smell . With this conditioner it take me 5 minutes to dry my hair instead of 20 . And I can tell my hair is smoother and less frizzy .
 I have straight silky hair , not easy to make any style with it . After trying many brands I found out that - control freak - is the best for my hair , I can manage it better than any other time . Thank you for this excellent product .
 Very good contitioner especially when used with the TIGI shampoo . Local prices are very high . In this size it is a very good price and well worth the price . That is why I orderer 2 of them .
 It does n't do much for my hair but the smell is AMAZING ! I use it just for the smell , even if I have to mix it with better conditioners .
 This is my first time using any BedHead products and so far , so good . It 's got a strong scent , kind of reminds me of juicyfruit gum , but it smells good when my hair dries . I 've gotten a few comments on how smooth and shiny my hair looks since I 've been using this product , and I 've found that my long hair is easier to comb .
 This is getting harder and harder to find . My wife loves this product , but since it is so hard to find , I 'm afraid she 'll have to switch soon .
 My daughters have crazy hair and this helped it be more manageable . We used this along with the shampoo and it was wonderful .
 I use this conditioner along with the Control Freak shampoo . They are both amazing products . The conditioner does a great job keeping my hair soft and tangle-free . This is a heavy conditioner and I would n't want to use it on thin hair , but it works really well on my medium-thick hair . I 'm not sure it 's actually cut my hair drying time , but that does n't matter . I 'm a big fan of this conditioner , especially when paired with the Control Freak shampoo .
 After telling a co-worker about my experience finding Bed Hed Shampoos/Conditioners and how I refuse to switch now , she was intrigued and wanted me to find something for her ever frizzy hair . I ordered this for her and she is in LOVE with it , she loves the smell , and she said it 's the only thing she 's found that has actually HELPED her Frizz!I could tell to her hair looks so much nicer now since she started using this product . No frizz , shiny , smooth , and healthy looking . I was already sold on Bed Head products , but after going on a whim and getting this for her I am even more convinced . Bed Head Products WORK !
 I happen to love this product . I can use the shampoo , conditioner , and follow up with the control freak serum . It makes my hair silky soft , and almost completely strait -LRB- the ends are the exception as they tend to flip out -RRB- . I would recommend this product to everybody unless you have very thin , very fine hair . The texture of the conditioner tends to be heavy and weighing on fine hair . So if you have medium to thick hair , give this product a try
 I have been tanning for five years now , and recently started working in a tanning salon , and now that I work in a salon I get to try a lot of different lotions . The Devoted Creations line is one of the best , most moisturizing lotions you can get , and with Trinity you will get the most Tingle out of any of the lotions . I 've tried Swedish Beauty Unforgiven , OC Out of Control -LRB- R-Sun -RRB- , and many more , but Trinity is the only one that delivers with intense Tingle , intense color , and serious moisture . I would recommend their product line to anyone as I use Trinity and Pure Sky and love it ! I am also looking forward to using their face tanner Sacred , and trying their DC100 .
 A little tricky to figure how to use , but in the end , after some practice , it works .
 ***** I found out about Maui Babe during a recent vacation to Hawaii . Initially I thought it was very expensive , but after using it , I changed my mind . A little goes a long way , it smells wonderful , moisturizes great , and this was the first trip that I did n't burn at all -- just got a great tan . I used Maui Babe to moisturize my skin during the day and to help me tan instead of burn , and then one last time after a shower at night , even though I would n't be going into the sun again , because it just feels so good.Maui Babe has to be shaken up to disperse all of the different ingredients . Then when it comes out it immediately starts to sort of `` melt '' or get liquidy -LRB- less solid -RRB- right in your hand . It contains light mineral oil , kukui nut oil , vitamins E , C & A , Kona coffee plant extract , aloe , and potassium iodide . The dominant smell is coffee and nut butter -- really wonderful smell for men or women . All ingredients are Hawaiian and the lotion is made in Wailuku , Maui.The label on the back says that it is the aloe that helps prevent burning , and of course , it soothes the skin after being in the sun , too . The label says that it is `` water resistant '' -LRB- because of the oil , I 'm guessing -RRB- . The label also says that it can be used with all sunscreens and as a `` tan accelerant '' . You have to be careful to really rub in it well if you put on clothes after applying , because Maui Babe is very slightly brown in color when it gets on your skin -- so slightly that it 's really not noticeable -LRB- unlike a stain or self-tanner -RRB- -- but enough so that it will get on your clothes . So just rub it in very well , and you 'll have no problems at all.I love it and I will buy it again and again . Highly recommended . *****
 This is by far the best Suntan lotion I have ever used . I am a red head , and I turn red or if I use tanner I turn orange . With Maui Babe I do get brown . It must be the Kona coffee . I really do n't care what it is that makes it work ... IT JUST WORKS ...
 This is without a doubt THE BEST tanning lotion I 've ever used.You tan FAST and you tan DARK.I can not begin to tell you how well this works.As a matter of fact , I think I 'll reorder while I 'm here ... Great Stuff !!
 ***** I found out about Maui Babe during a recent vacation to Hawaii . Initially I thought it was very expensive , but after using it , I changed my mind . A little goes a long way , it smells wonderful , moisturizes great , and this was the first trip that I did n't burn at all -- just got a great tan . I used Maui Babe to moisturize my skin during the day and to help me tan instead of burn , and then one last time after a shower at night , even though I would n't be going into the sun again , because it just feels so good.Maui Babe has to be shaken up to disperse all of the different ingredients . Then when it comes out it immediately starts to sort of `` melt '' or get liquidy -LRB- less solid -RRB- right in your hand . It contains light mineral oil , kukui nut oil , vitamins E , C & A , Kona coffee plant extract , aloe , and potassium iodide . The dominant smell is coffee and nut butter -- really wonderful smell for men or women . All ingredients are Hawaiian and the lotion is made in Wailuku , Maui.The label on the back says that it is the aloe that helps prevent burning , and of course , it soothes the skin after being in the sun , too . The label says that it is `` water resistant '' -LRB- because of the oil , I 'm guessing -RRB- . The label also says that it can be used with all sunscreens and as a `` tan accelerant '' . You have to be careful to really rub in it well if you put on clothes after applying , because Maui Babe is very slightly brown in color when it gets on your skin -- so slightly that it 's really not noticeable -LRB- unlike a stain or self-tanner -RRB- -- but enough so that it will get on your clothes . So just rub it in very well , and you 'll have no problems at all.I love it and I will buy it again and again . Highly recommended . *****
 This lotion is exactly as promised . It is the best outdoor lotion I have ever used . Amazing results !
 Great tanning lotion , my friend who lives in Hawaii introduced this to me and i wont use anything else , worth the extra cost , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I love this stuff - I just never seem to buy enough when I am in Hawaii . It is great for outdoors and tanning beds !!
 I do n't have any experience with this company but I can definitely vouch for the original product . I found the 4oz bottle in Target for $ 10 . . works and feels better than any tanning oils and lotions . . you can tell its natural and I LOVE the coffee smell : -RRB-
 I 'm one of those people who have a hard time tanning . But with this stuff its so easy . Plus it smells like coffee which is great since I 'm not a fan of coconut -LRB- which is what all the other tanning oils tend to smell like -RRB- Its a combination of oil and a lotion.I will never use anything else for my tanning needs !!
 I love this product !!! It works and its healthy !!! and it smells so good !!!! It also came so fast !!! Love it !!
 My friend lives in Hawaii and knows i love being tan , she sent me this product and i am hooked , you get a gorgeous color that lasts so long and i dont peel ... I have had people come up to me at the pool , asking where i got this because they have tried it and loved it ... worth the price , it lasts a long time .
 i love maui babe ! I first found out about it when I was in Hawaii and was so happy that i could get it online ! I use it both outside and in tanning beds ... I saw results within a 2 or 3 uses : -RSB-
 Been using this product since I visited Hawaii and found it there in a local shop . It browns quickly and I can stay out in the sun for hours and not burn also . I rarely use anything else .
 This is the best stuff ! It comes out of the bottle brown and takes no time to get a tan . Everyone asks me where I 've been to get so tan .
 This is the best tanning lotion on the market . it gives the best color I have ever seen , and it 's not greasy at all . Good bang for your buck !!
 Lucky me , I work in a tanning salon so trying all different kinds of lotion has became a hobby of mine.My boss ordered boxes and boxes of this stuff , he told me all about it , being from Hawaii , and how it is all natural.It is n't like your typical tanning lotions , SO of course I HAD to try it ! Remember this is a BROWNING lotion , all natural , no bronzers.I do like bronzers , although some lotions can turn you orange-y , this gives you BROWN natural looking color.For those of you who like instant gratification , it does just THAT ! As soon as you put it on it browns you so well.I have got one of the best tans I have ever had from this lotion.The only thing I do NOT like about this product is how oily it is.It is a lotion-y oil though , not like baby oil.BUT I 've found it you put on a lotion -LRB- recommend just an accelerator , no bronzers -RRB- it is n't as oily , it just makes your skin super soft.No stick at all ! I mixed mine with Designer Skin 's Phoenician , that I did purchase off of here for about $ 33 . So if you 're tanning with this before you have to be somewhere , like work or running errands I do n't recommend using this before , unless you do n't mind being a little oily.A little bit goes a long way ! It 's spreads on SO nicely.The smell is good , I personally do n't mind it.I have seen on other people 's reviews they did n't like the scent.I like to compare the scent to Bit ' O Honey candy.So I definitely give Maui Babe an A + + and recommend this product to anyone !! Great Tan , Good Texture , Good Scent.Sorry for the long review ! Enjoy ! : -RRB-
 product works well i love it , i 've only had it for a day stayed out in the sun for most of the day and already see results and it does not make me orange like other products i have tried will keep buying this product
 Simply the best tanning lotion I have come across , great value for money and seemless delivery via Amazon . Highly recommended .
 This stuff smells a little weird but that 's probably because I 'm not used to rubbing coffee on my body . Works GREAT as a moisturizer and they claim that the caffeine helps reduce the chance of skin cancer to form which is also amazing ! I would HIGHLY recommend for the type of person who either burns easy or loves to lay in the sun ! But careful stains clothing ... coffee ...
 Maui Babe - Browning Lotion - 4 o -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00076XR3O Maui Babe - Browning Lotion - 4 ozz found product all it did what it said it could do . love the product will reorder when i run out . have advised my friends to orderMaui Babe - Browning Lotion - 4 oz , 2 pack
 I found this in a five and dime in Hawaii about 15 hrs ago . The best sun lotion ever . Shared with all my friends . ICa n't believe how well known it 's become . I like to think it 's because of me ! However the price has gone up a bitSince I first bought it . I used to ask my brother to send me more . He lives there . Now it 's so easy to get . On line , by phone.Even some retail outlets . Beautiful tan , without the burn .
 This lotion used to get me so tan ... not sure what is different ... but I am not seeing the same long lasting effects it once had . There could be many reasons for this . It could be my skin , the sun ... who knows !
 When i ordered it , came very quickly , in time for my trip to The Caribbean islands !! Great service !! Will use them again !!
 This suntan lotion is one of the best I have ever used . I used it in Hawaii 5 years ago during a visit and have used it ever since . The items I bought is at an excellent price . I am happy with my lotions and recommened the prices of this seller . Highly recommended . . Thank you again ... Frank
 This stuff is great . I read the reviews of other fair skinned people liking this product , and decided to buy a trial bottle . I waited until it arrived and then until a day when the sun was out and I hd some free time . I put it on and headed upstairs for some tanning on my roof.This stuff works . I do n't know if it is the kukui nut oil that slowly browns on your skin or the ground Kona coffee beans that do it , but something about this formula works . It also tingles on your skin , possibly from the coffee beans as well , so you feel slightly energized.It does have a faint coffee smell and despite being labled a lotion -- it contains some mineral oil -- will feel more like an oil once it warms up in the sun.I liked it so much the first day -LRB- noticable difference in skin tone after just 3 hours -RRB- that I came back and ordered another 2 bottles . I am almost through the second one now and am a good deal darker . So much so , that people that meet me now , do n't think I have fair skin.I do all my tanning in the sun , but if you want to use the tanning beds , I would suggest you use the version of Maui Babe that is designed for that . The regular version leaves too much of a mess to clean up afterwards.I would recommend this product to all skin types , but be sure to lay down a coat of SPF below the Maui Babe , since it does n't contain any . It does have aloe , which helps if you do burn slightly .
 Maui Babe is an essential for any beach trip . It browns the skin like no other product , and it smells great . It 's a little too messy to use in the tanning bed because it 's so oily , but great for a day in the sun !
 Maui Babe is by far the best tanning product that I have ever come across . I actually found it in a tanning salon on Long Island -LSB- where I 'm from -RSB- . It was alittle pricey , but I thought I 'd give it a whirl . I will never use any other tanning product . The only thing is , it wo n't be good for you guys and girls who do n't like an oil based product . The smell of the kona coffee content is n't bad either . It even keeps you from burning -LSB- like it says on the package -RSB- . Just take note-that even though it says it 's a browning LOTION , it does CONTAIN some mineral oil , like I mentioned earlier . Also , do yourself a favor and buy it through AMAZON , you ca n't beat the price . Happy Tanning !
 The best stuff I have ever used . Highly recommend this tanning lotion to anyone who wants a dark tan as if they just left the islands .
 ***** I found out about Maui Babe during a recent vacation to Hawaii . Initially I thought it was very expensive , but after using it , I changed my mind . A little goes a long way , it smells wonderful , moisturizes great , and this was the first trip that I did n't burn at all -- just got a great tan . I used Maui Babe to moisturize my skin during the day and to help me tan instead of burn , and then one last time after a shower at night , even though I would n't be going into the sun again , because it just feels so good.Maui Babe has to be shaken up to disperse all of the different ingredients . Then when it comes out it immediately starts to sort of `` melt '' or get liquidy -LRB- less solid -RRB- right in your hand . It contains light mineral oil , kukui nut oil , vitamins E , C & A , Kona coffee plant extract , aloe , and potassium iodide . The dominant smell is coffee and nut butter -- really wonderful smell for men or women . All ingredients are Hawaiian and the lotion is made in Wailuku , Maui.The label on the back says that it is the aloe that helps prevent burning , and of course , it soothes the skin after being in the sun , too . The label says that it is `` water resistant '' -LRB- because of the oil , I 'm guessing -RRB- . The label also says that it can be used with all sunscreens and as a `` tan accelerant '' . You have to be careful to really rub in it well if you put on clothes after applying , because Maui Babe is very slightly brown in color when it gets on your skin -- so slightly that it 's really not noticeable -LRB- unlike a stain or self-tanner -RRB- -- but enough so that it will get on your clothes . So just rub it in very well , and you 'll have no problems at all.I love it and I will buy it again and again . Highly recommended . *****
 This is one of the few sunscreens that does not contain any of the petro chemical based carcinogens present in just about all commercial sun tan lotions . Not only is it all natural , but it allows you to get a great tan , is waterproof and allows you to put a stronger sunscreen on top of it .
 This tanning lotion is absolutely wonderful . The darkest I have ever been . It does leave you a little greasy -LRB- not bad -RRB- but some so keep this in mind . This lotion is so great its like you can tan without even being in the sun . Your tan will be brown like the ole copperton commercials . Try it you will like it !
 This is simply the best way to get a fast dark tan EVER ! The less time you spend in the sun the less chance of getting skin cancer and a bunch of wrinkles ... so the faster I can `` cop a tan '' the better ! In addition some research indicates that caffeine -LRB- an ingredient of this product -RRB- may help prevent skin cancer . It is a little oily at 1st but it makes you look darker instantly ! After it soaks in your skin is just really soft and silky ... and it does n't have all the chemicals of commercial products .
 This is the best tanning lotion I 've ever used . I have fair , freckled skin and I get a deep , dark tan using Maui Brown Babe . I use a light sunscreen like an 8 under it until a base is established . I have used this to tan in Hawaii and Mexico . It is pretty greasy and smells a little like coffee , but if you want a nice tan in a short time , you 'll get past that .
 I found this product while in maui . I love it ! It makes your skin soft and turns your skin a deep dark brown .
 Folks without question this is the best tanning product out there.One thing to keep in mind is if you have a pool wipe off before entering . Just like other oils , this can leave scum on pool liners but even more so in the filter systems . I clean our own pool and when I remove cartridges , there are definite brown spots that do not wash off . Waterfalls and spas may create chocolate foam . I do not believe it hurts the systems just a little disconcerting . `` MAUI-BABE '' keeps the bugs away ... I kid you not it works .
 This is the best lotion on the market and well worth the price I love it .
 I have never used a suntan product that worked as well and as quickly at this one . I am 100 % pleased and I am recommending it to all my friends .
 Love this stuff - makes my skin nice and brown and soft ! Use to burn but not with this great lotion . Great price as well .
 ***** I found out about Maui Babe during a recent vacation to Hawaii . Initially I thought it was very expensive , but after using it , I changed my mind . A little goes a long way , it smells wonderful , moisturizes great , and this was the first trip that I did n't burn at all -- just got a great tan . I used Maui Babe to moisturize my skin during the day and to help me tan instead of burn , and then one last time after a shower at night , even though I would n't be going into the sun again , because it just feels so good.Maui Babe has to be shaken up to disperse all of the different ingredients . Then when it comes out it immediately starts to sort of `` melt '' or get liquidy -LRB- less solid -RRB- right in your hand . It contains light mineral oil , kukui nut oil , vitamins E , C & A , Kona coffee plant extract , aloe , and potassium iodide . The dominant smell is coffee and nut butter -- really wonderful smell for men or women . All ingredients are Hawaiian and the lotion is made in Wailuku , Maui.The label on the back says that it is the aloe that helps prevent burning , and of course , it soothes the skin after being in the sun , too . The label says that it is `` water resistant '' -LRB- because of the oil , I 'm guessing -RRB- . The label also says that it can be used with all sunscreens and as a `` tan accelerant '' . You have to be careful to really rub in it well if you put on clothes after applying , because Maui Babe is very slightly brown in color when it gets on your skin -- so slightly that it 's really not noticeable -LRB- unlike a stain or self-tanner -RRB- -- but enough so that it will get on your clothes . So just rub it in very well , and you 'll have no problems at all.I love it and I will buy it again and again . Highly recommended . *****
 The best tanning lotion I have ever had , and I know how to get a good tan . This product is the best !!! Goes on smooth , and smells like coffee -LRB- really a good smell -RRB- . Hope you get as tan as I do with this . You wo n't burn .
 this stuff is AWESOME . first of all , it works in a really short amount of time . so be realllly careful as you can burn especially if you dont have an spf on under it . it makes you BROWN and i have never turned brown before , always bright red like a lobster . also since it has coffee in it i swear it gives me a buzz ! like my skin feels awake . i love this stuff and i am a repeat customer ! remember be safe in the sun !
 Great ! No stains , fast tan . Lessons the need for extended stays in the sun . Used it for 4 years , and will continue to do so .
 Love my Maui babe lotion ! But one of the bottles that came exploded in the box and after telling you this I never did receive another bottle . . ??
 Love it ! I used it in Maui and glad I can get it in Indiana . It 's great except , it leaves you feeling really greasy . If you have dry skin , then you will love it . It does n't turn you Orange either !
 This browning lotion was all it was advertised to be . And it has a pleasant odor reminiscent of coffee . I had a sudden urge to have a Danish after applying it .
 Used this on the first day of a week-long vacation at the jersey shore . LOVED IT . I did n't use sunscreen -LRB- stupid , i know -RRB- but i did n't burn and i was nice and brown . I have medium skin tone .
 A friend of mine turned me onto this and it is the best suntan lotion on the market!It really helps you get a darker tan if that is what you 're after .
 I LOOOVVVEEE this amazing lotion . Bought in small surf shop on visit to Cali last year and got hooked . Received this shipment within a few days and just in time for my vacation . Everyone that tried it is now ordering it . The tan is amazing on everyone and it lasts . Try it . . You will be hooked too !
 ***** I found out about Maui Babe during a recent vacation to Hawaii . Initially I thought it was very expensive , but after using it , I changed my mind . A little goes a long way , it smells wonderful , moisturizes great , and this was the first trip that I did n't burn at all -- just got a great tan . I used Maui Babe to moisturize my skin during the day and to help me tan instead of burn , and then one last time after a shower at night , even though I would n't be going into the sun again , because it just feels so good.Maui Babe has to be shaken up to disperse all of the different ingredients . Then when it comes out it immediately starts to sort of `` melt '' or get liquidy -LRB- less solid -RRB- right in your hand . It contains light mineral oil , kukui nut oil , vitamins E , C & A , Kona coffee plant extract , aloe , and potassium iodide . The dominant smell is coffee and nut butter -- really wonderful smell for men or women . All ingredients are Hawaiian and the lotion is made in Wailuku , Maui.The label on the back says that it is the aloe that helps prevent burning , and of course , it soothes the skin after being in the sun , too . The label says that it is `` water resistant '' -LRB- because of the oil , I 'm guessing -RRB- . The label also says that it can be used with all sunscreens and as a `` tan accelerant '' . You have to be careful to really rub in it well if you put on clothes after applying , because Maui Babe is very slightly brown in color when it gets on your skin -- so slightly that it 's really not noticeable -LRB- unlike a stain or self-tanner -RRB- -- but enough so that it will get on your clothes . So just rub it in very well , and you 'll have no problems at all.I love it and I will buy it again and again . Highly recommended . *****
 This is a very special product containing coffee . . which turns out to be very good for the skin .
 This is an excellent product . Some of the companies selling it send you products that are beyond their expiry date . This company does not . Its nice to know which merchant is reliable.This one is .
 I used this product a few years ago . It definitely did a great job to minimize my pores then but when I have the same skin problem this time again , it did n't seem to do the magic anymore ... I do n't like the sticky texture of the mask . It is very thick and once dried up it hardens and I ca n't even move one muscle on my face . . However , it does the work .
 It 's hard to find good products for sensitive skin , but these are the best soaps you 'll ever use for any skin type ! They 're not only good on skin , but are a great shampoo replacement as well . There 's nothing artificial in these soaps and the scents are really nice . Their spearmint lip balm is wonderful too . I used to stop by their shop in western MD & stock up . Fernwood is nice people making a fabulous product !
 During the summer , I bought this product directly from the soap maker at the Spruce Artisan Village out in the mountains of Western Maryland . I was so happy with the product that I just bought multiple gift baskets to give as Christmas presents!I give this five stars because it is all natural , mild , and wonderful for body or hair . The bars lather very well -LRB- even without the artificial foaming agent sodium laureth sulfate found in many commercial soaps ! -RRB- . Ingredients in Fernwood Soap , according to the bottom of the soap box , are
 ***** I found out about Maui Babe during a recent vacation to Hawaii . Initially I thought it was very expensive , but after using it , I changed my mind . A little goes a long way , it smells wonderful , moisturizes great , and this was the first trip that I did n't burn at all -- just got a great tan . I used Maui Babe to moisturize my skin during the day and to help me tan instead of burn , and then one last time after a shower at night , even though I would n't be going into the sun again , because it just feels so good.Maui Babe has to be shaken up to disperse all of the different ingredients . Then when it comes out it immediately starts to sort of `` melt '' or get liquidy -LRB- less solid -RRB- right in your hand . It contains light mineral oil , kukui nut oil , vitamins E , C & A , Kona coffee plant extract , aloe , and potassium iodide . The dominant smell is coffee and nut butter -- really wonderful smell for men or women . All ingredients are Hawaiian and the lotion is made in Wailuku , Maui.The label on the back says that it is the aloe that helps prevent burning , and of course , it soothes the skin after being in the sun , too . The label says that it is `` water resistant '' -LRB- because of the oil , I 'm guessing -RRB- . The label also says that it can be used with all sunscreens and as a `` tan accelerant '' . You have to be careful to really rub in it well if you put on clothes after applying , because Maui Babe is very slightly brown in color when it gets on your skin -- so slightly that it 's really not noticeable -LRB- unlike a stain or self-tanner -RRB- -- but enough so that it will get on your clothes . So just rub it in very well , and you 'll have no problems at all.I love it and I will buy it again and again . Highly recommended . *****
 This is by far the best Suntan lotion I have ever used . I am a red head , and I turn red or if I use tanner I turn orange . With Maui Babe I do get brown . It must be the Kona coffee . I really do n't care what it is that makes it work ... IT JUST WORKS ...
 This is without a doubt THE BEST tanning lotion I 've ever used.You tan FAST and you tan DARK.I can not begin to tell you how well this works.As a matter of fact , I think I 'll reorder while I 'm here ... Great Stuff !!
 ***** I found out about Maui Babe during a recent vacation to Hawaii . Initially I thought it was very expensive , but after using it , I changed my mind . A little goes a long way , it smells wonderful , moisturizes great , and this was the first trip that I did n't burn at all -- just got a great tan . I used Maui Babe to moisturize my skin during the day and to help me tan instead of burn , and then one last time after a shower at night , even though I would n't be going into the sun again , because it just feels so good.Maui Babe has to be shaken up to disperse all of the different ingredients . Then when it comes out it immediately starts to sort of `` melt '' or get liquidy -LRB- less solid -RRB- right in your hand . It contains light mineral oil , kukui nut oil , vitamins E , C & A , Kona coffee plant extract , aloe , and potassium iodide . The dominant smell is coffee and nut butter -- really wonderful smell for men or women . All ingredients are Hawaiian and the lotion is made in Wailuku , Maui.The label on the back says that it is the aloe that helps prevent burning , and of course , it soothes the skin after being in the sun , too . The label says that it is `` water resistant '' -LRB- because of the oil , I 'm guessing -RRB- . The label also says that it can be used with all sunscreens and as a `` tan accelerant '' . You have to be careful to really rub in it well if you put on clothes after applying , because Maui Babe is very slightly brown in color when it gets on your skin -- so slightly that it 's really not noticeable -LRB- unlike a stain or self-tanner -RRB- -- but enough so that it will get on your clothes . So just rub it in very well , and you 'll have no problems at all.I love it and I will buy it again and again . Highly recommended . *****
 This lotion is exactly as promised . It is the best outdoor lotion I have ever used . Amazing results !
 Great tanning lotion , my friend who lives in Hawaii introduced this to me and i wont use anything else , worth the extra cost , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I love this stuff - I just never seem to buy enough when I am in Hawaii . It is great for outdoors and tanning beds !!
 I do n't have any experience with this company but I can definitely vouch for the original product . I found the 4oz bottle in Target for $ 10 . . works and feels better than any tanning oils and lotions . . you can tell its natural and I LOVE the coffee smell : -RRB-
 I 'm one of those people who have a hard time tanning . But with this stuff its so easy . Plus it smells like coffee which is great since I 'm not a fan of coconut -LRB- which is what all the other tanning oils tend to smell like -RRB- Its a combination of oil and a lotion.I will never use anything else for my tanning needs !!
 I love this product !!! It works and its healthy !!! and it smells so good !!!! It also came so fast !!! Love it !!
 My friend lives in Hawaii and knows i love being tan , she sent me this product and i am hooked , you get a gorgeous color that lasts so long and i dont peel ... I have had people come up to me at the pool , asking where i got this because they have tried it and loved it ... worth the price , it lasts a long time .
 i love maui babe ! I first found out about it when I was in Hawaii and was so happy that i could get it online ! I use it both outside and in tanning beds ... I saw results within a 2 or 3 uses : -RSB-
 Been using this product since I visited Hawaii and found it there in a local shop . It browns quickly and I can stay out in the sun for hours and not burn also . I rarely use anything else .
 This is the best stuff ! It comes out of the bottle brown and takes no time to get a tan . Everyone asks me where I 've been to get so tan .
 This is the best tanning lotion on the market . it gives the best color I have ever seen , and it 's not greasy at all . Good bang for your buck !!
 Lucky me , I work in a tanning salon so trying all different kinds of lotion has became a hobby of mine.My boss ordered boxes and boxes of this stuff , he told me all about it , being from Hawaii , and how it is all natural.It is n't like your typical tanning lotions , SO of course I HAD to try it ! Remember this is a BROWNING lotion , all natural , no bronzers.I do like bronzers , although some lotions can turn you orange-y , this gives you BROWN natural looking color.For those of you who like instant gratification , it does just THAT ! As soon as you put it on it browns you so well.I have got one of the best tans I have ever had from this lotion.The only thing I do NOT like about this product is how oily it is.It is a lotion-y oil though , not like baby oil.BUT I 've found it you put on a lotion -LRB- recommend just an accelerator , no bronzers -RRB- it is n't as oily , it just makes your skin super soft.No stick at all ! I mixed mine with Designer Skin 's Phoenician , that I did purchase off of here for about $ 33 . So if you 're tanning with this before you have to be somewhere , like work or running errands I do n't recommend using this before , unless you do n't mind being a little oily.A little bit goes a long way ! It 's spreads on SO nicely.The smell is good , I personally do n't mind it.I have seen on other people 's reviews they did n't like the scent.I like to compare the scent to Bit ' O Honey candy.So I definitely give Maui Babe an A + + and recommend this product to anyone !! Great Tan , Good Texture , Good Scent.Sorry for the long review ! Enjoy ! : -RRB-
 product works well i love it , i 've only had it for a day stayed out in the sun for most of the day and already see results and it does not make me orange like other products i have tried will keep buying this product
 Simply the best tanning lotion I have come across , great value for money and seemless delivery via Amazon . Highly recommended .
 This stuff smells a little weird but that 's probably because I 'm not used to rubbing coffee on my body . Works GREAT as a moisturizer and they claim that the caffeine helps reduce the chance of skin cancer to form which is also amazing ! I would HIGHLY recommend for the type of person who either burns easy or loves to lay in the sun ! But careful stains clothing ... coffee ...
 Maui Babe - Browning Lotion - 4 o -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00076XR3O Maui Babe - Browning Lotion - 4 ozz found product all it did what it said it could do . love the product will reorder when i run out . have advised my friends to orderMaui Babe - Browning Lotion - 4 oz , 2 pack
 I found this in a five and dime in Hawaii about 15 hrs ago . The best sun lotion ever . Shared with all my friends . ICa n't believe how well known it 's become . I like to think it 's because of me ! However the price has gone up a bitSince I first bought it . I used to ask my brother to send me more . He lives there . Now it 's so easy to get . On line , by phone.Even some retail outlets . Beautiful tan , without the burn .
 This lotion used to get me so tan ... not sure what is different ... but I am not seeing the same long lasting effects it once had . There could be many reasons for this . It could be my skin , the sun ... who knows !
 When i ordered it , came very quickly , in time for my trip to The Caribbean islands !! Great service !! Will use them again !!
 This suntan lotion is one of the best I have ever used . I used it in Hawaii 5 years ago during a visit and have used it ever since . The items I bought is at an excellent price . I am happy with my lotions and recommened the prices of this seller . Highly recommended . . Thank you again ... Frank
 This stuff is great . I read the reviews of other fair skinned people liking this product , and decided to buy a trial bottle . I waited until it arrived and then until a day when the sun was out and I hd some free time . I put it on and headed upstairs for some tanning on my roof.This stuff works . I do n't know if it is the kukui nut oil that slowly browns on your skin or the ground Kona coffee beans that do it , but something about this formula works . It also tingles on your skin , possibly from the coffee beans as well , so you feel slightly energized.It does have a faint coffee smell and despite being labled a lotion -- it contains some mineral oil -- will feel more like an oil once it warms up in the sun.I liked it so much the first day -LRB- noticable difference in skin tone after just 3 hours -RRB- that I came back and ordered another 2 bottles . I am almost through the second one now and am a good deal darker . So much so , that people that meet me now , do n't think I have fair skin.I do all my tanning in the sun , but if you want to use the tanning beds , I would suggest you use the version of Maui Babe that is designed for that . The regular version leaves too much of a mess to clean up afterwards.I would recommend this product to all skin types , but be sure to lay down a coat of SPF below the Maui Babe , since it does n't contain any . It does have aloe , which helps if you do burn slightly .
 Maui Babe is an essential for any beach trip . It browns the skin like no other product , and it smells great . It 's a little too messy to use in the tanning bed because it 's so oily , but great for a day in the sun !
 Maui Babe is by far the best tanning product that I have ever come across . I actually found it in a tanning salon on Long Island -LSB- where I 'm from -RSB- . It was alittle pricey , but I thought I 'd give it a whirl . I will never use any other tanning product . The only thing is , it wo n't be good for you guys and girls who do n't like an oil based product . The smell of the kona coffee content is n't bad either . It even keeps you from burning -LSB- like it says on the package -RSB- . Just take note-that even though it says it 's a browning LOTION , it does CONTAIN some mineral oil , like I mentioned earlier . Also , do yourself a favor and buy it through AMAZON , you ca n't beat the price . Happy Tanning !
 The best stuff I have ever used . Highly recommend this tanning lotion to anyone who wants a dark tan as if they just left the islands .
 ***** I found out about Maui Babe during a recent vacation to Hawaii . Initially I thought it was very expensive , but after using it , I changed my mind . A little goes a long way , it smells wonderful , moisturizes great , and this was the first trip that I did n't burn at all -- just got a great tan . I used Maui Babe to moisturize my skin during the day and to help me tan instead of burn , and then one last time after a shower at night , even though I would n't be going into the sun again , because it just feels so good.Maui Babe has to be shaken up to disperse all of the different ingredients . Then when it comes out it immediately starts to sort of `` melt '' or get liquidy -LRB- less solid -RRB- right in your hand . It contains light mineral oil , kukui nut oil , vitamins E , C & A , Kona coffee plant extract , aloe , and potassium iodide . The dominant smell is coffee and nut butter -- really wonderful smell for men or women . All ingredients are Hawaiian and the lotion is made in Wailuku , Maui.The label on the back says that it is the aloe that helps prevent burning , and of course , it soothes the skin after being in the sun , too . The label says that it is `` water resistant '' -LRB- because of the oil , I 'm guessing -RRB- . The label also says that it can be used with all sunscreens and as a `` tan accelerant '' . You have to be careful to really rub in it well if you put on clothes after applying , because Maui Babe is very slightly brown in color when it gets on your skin -- so slightly that it 's really not noticeable -LRB- unlike a stain or self-tanner -RRB- -- but enough so that it will get on your clothes . So just rub it in very well , and you 'll have no problems at all.I love it and I will buy it again and again . Highly recommended . *****
 This is one of the few sunscreens that does not contain any of the petro chemical based carcinogens present in just about all commercial sun tan lotions . Not only is it all natural , but it allows you to get a great tan , is waterproof and allows you to put a stronger sunscreen on top of it .
 This tanning lotion is absolutely wonderful . The darkest I have ever been . It does leave you a little greasy -LRB- not bad -RRB- but some so keep this in mind . This lotion is so great its like you can tan without even being in the sun . Your tan will be brown like the ole copperton commercials . Try it you will like it !
 This is simply the best way to get a fast dark tan EVER ! The less time you spend in the sun the less chance of getting skin cancer and a bunch of wrinkles ... so the faster I can `` cop a tan '' the better ! In addition some research indicates that caffeine -LRB- an ingredient of this product -RRB- may help prevent skin cancer . It is a little oily at 1st but it makes you look darker instantly ! After it soaks in your skin is just really soft and silky ... and it does n't have all the chemicals of commercial products .
 This is the best tanning lotion I 've ever used . I have fair , freckled skin and I get a deep , dark tan using Maui Brown Babe . I use a light sunscreen like an 8 under it until a base is established . I have used this to tan in Hawaii and Mexico . It is pretty greasy and smells a little like coffee , but if you want a nice tan in a short time , you 'll get past that .
 I found this product while in maui . I love it ! It makes your skin soft and turns your skin a deep dark brown .
 Folks without question this is the best tanning product out there.One thing to keep in mind is if you have a pool wipe off before entering . Just like other oils , this can leave scum on pool liners but even more so in the filter systems . I clean our own pool and when I remove cartridges , there are definite brown spots that do not wash off . Waterfalls and spas may create chocolate foam . I do not believe it hurts the systems just a little disconcerting . `` MAUI-BABE '' keeps the bugs away ... I kid you not it works .
 This is the best lotion on the market and well worth the price I love it .
 I have never used a suntan product that worked as well and as quickly at this one . I am 100 % pleased and I am recommending it to all my friends .
 Love this stuff - makes my skin nice and brown and soft ! Use to burn but not with this great lotion . Great price as well .
 ***** I found out about Maui Babe during a recent vacation to Hawaii . Initially I thought it was very expensive , but after using it , I changed my mind . A little goes a long way , it smells wonderful , moisturizes great , and this was the first trip that I did n't burn at all -- just got a great tan . I used Maui Babe to moisturize my skin during the day and to help me tan instead of burn , and then one last time after a shower at night , even though I would n't be going into the sun again , because it just feels so good.Maui Babe has to be shaken up to disperse all of the different ingredients . Then when it comes out it immediately starts to sort of `` melt '' or get liquidy -LRB- less solid -RRB- right in your hand . It contains light mineral oil , kukui nut oil , vitamins E , C & A , Kona coffee plant extract , aloe , and potassium iodide . The dominant smell is coffee and nut butter -- really wonderful smell for men or women . All ingredients are Hawaiian and the lotion is made in Wailuku , Maui.The label on the back says that it is the aloe that helps prevent burning , and of course , it soothes the skin after being in the sun , too . The label says that it is `` water resistant '' -LRB- because of the oil , I 'm guessing -RRB- . The label also says that it can be used with all sunscreens and as a `` tan accelerant '' . You have to be careful to really rub in it well if you put on clothes after applying , because Maui Babe is very slightly brown in color when it gets on your skin -- so slightly that it 's really not noticeable -LRB- unlike a stain or self-tanner -RRB- -- but enough so that it will get on your clothes . So just rub it in very well , and you 'll have no problems at all.I love it and I will buy it again and again . Highly recommended . *****
 The best tanning lotion I have ever had , and I know how to get a good tan . This product is the best !!! Goes on smooth , and smells like coffee -LRB- really a good smell -RRB- . Hope you get as tan as I do with this . You wo n't burn .
 this stuff is AWESOME . first of all , it works in a really short amount of time . so be realllly careful as you can burn especially if you dont have an spf on under it . it makes you BROWN and i have never turned brown before , always bright red like a lobster . also since it has coffee in it i swear it gives me a buzz ! like my skin feels awake . i love this stuff and i am a repeat customer ! remember be safe in the sun !
 Great ! No stains , fast tan . Lessons the need for extended stays in the sun . Used it for 4 years , and will continue to do so .
 Love my Maui babe lotion ! But one of the bottles that came exploded in the box and after telling you this I never did receive another bottle . . ??
 Love it ! I used it in Maui and glad I can get it in Indiana . It 's great except , it leaves you feeling really greasy . If you have dry skin , then you will love it . It does n't turn you Orange either !
 This browning lotion was all it was advertised to be . And it has a pleasant odor reminiscent of coffee . I had a sudden urge to have a Danish after applying it .
 Used this on the first day of a week-long vacation at the jersey shore . LOVED IT . I did n't use sunscreen -LRB- stupid , i know -RRB- but i did n't burn and i was nice and brown . I have medium skin tone .
 A friend of mine turned me onto this and it is the best suntan lotion on the market!It really helps you get a darker tan if that is what you 're after .
 I LOOOVVVEEE this amazing lotion . Bought in small surf shop on visit to Cali last year and got hooked . Received this shipment within a few days and just in time for my vacation . Everyone that tried it is now ordering it . The tan is amazing on everyone and it lasts . Try it . . You will be hooked too !
 ***** I found out about Maui Babe during a recent vacation to Hawaii . Initially I thought it was very expensive , but after using it , I changed my mind . A little goes a long way , it smells wonderful , moisturizes great , and this was the first trip that I did n't burn at all -- just got a great tan . I used Maui Babe to moisturize my skin during the day and to help me tan instead of burn , and then one last time after a shower at night , even though I would n't be going into the sun again , because it just feels so good.Maui Babe has to be shaken up to disperse all of the different ingredients . Then when it comes out it immediately starts to sort of `` melt '' or get liquidy -LRB- less solid -RRB- right in your hand . It contains light mineral oil , kukui nut oil , vitamins E , C & A , Kona coffee plant extract , aloe , and potassium iodide . The dominant smell is coffee and nut butter -- really wonderful smell for men or women . All ingredients are Hawaiian and the lotion is made in Wailuku , Maui.The label on the back says that it is the aloe that helps prevent burning , and of course , it soothes the skin after being in the sun , too . The label says that it is `` water resistant '' -LRB- because of the oil , I 'm guessing -RRB- . The label also says that it can be used with all sunscreens and as a `` tan accelerant '' . You have to be careful to really rub in it well if you put on clothes after applying , because Maui Babe is very slightly brown in color when it gets on your skin -- so slightly that it 's really not noticeable -LRB- unlike a stain or self-tanner -RRB- -- but enough so that it will get on your clothes . So just rub it in very well , and you 'll have no problems at all.I love it and I will buy it again and again . Highly recommended . *****
 This is a very special product containing coffee . . which turns out to be very good for the skin .
 Although I am not a Blonde ... I do have hair that can benefit from products that give extra moisture ... . this is my favorite ! I found it not only leaves my hair feeling softer after I use it , I discovered on ` extra dry ' days , I can use a small amount rubbed into my hair before I style it to give my hair extra shine and moisture.I find nothing `` Dumb '' about this product ; instead , I highly recommend it .
 Back in college I used this product every other day . I had VERY long hair and as with any teen/early 20 something I liked seeing my hair in every color of the rainbow . usually every other week . this product is amazing in that sense . It protects your hair from being killed by a young man 's stupidity . silky smooth , shinny , and best of all NATURAL feeling clean . no weird residue , no funky over powering smell.Im now 25 , engaged , and decided to get this -LRB- and the shampoo -RRB- for my fiance since -LRB- being a redhead ... and we all know they are impulsive -RRB- colors her hair way too many times -LRB- Thank god its always a choice between light and dark reds -RRB- and she agrees that it is probably the best conditioner ever created.I 'd highly recommend this conditioner even if you dont knowingly try to destroy your hair in the name of `` fashion '' . yes , it is pricy , especially compared to a supermarket brand , but if you are the type of person who wants something that is the hair equivalent of a good solid car wax -LRB- lol -RRB- this is for you .
 I LOVE this product ! I 'm a natural blonde , and I frequently go between blonde and dark brown . I also blow dry my hair every day -LRB- I live in WI , a cold head is never fun -RRB- and flat iron it about 1-3 times a week . My hair is pretty fried ... I have been alternating between Joico K-Pak , Fredrick Fekkai Protein RX and Redken AllSoft Heavy Cream as reconstructors . NONE of them even compare to Dumb Blonde . With every one of them ... I 've had to use it as a 15 minute mask on dry hair once a week for a month to even see a difference . I 've used Dumb Blonde ONCE , on wet hair in the shower for about 5 or 10 minutes . The results were AMAZING . I do n't think my hair has felt this soft since before I started coloring it . I only bought the 6 oz tube , I will for sure be buying the 25 oz bottle !
 ... it 's for smart ones too ! This product is awesome . Great for people with highlights ! Would probably be great even if you do n't have highlights . It really conditions damaged and/or dry hair -LRB- sun and blowdryer -RRB- and makes it soft and managable .
 This is the best conditioner I have ever tried , and I have tried so many to make my thin hair look shiny and fuller . I use it every day and the day I use something else , I can tell the difference how my hair holds all day ... and I am a brunette , it adds a beautiful shine to my hair .
 This a great conditioner - works great on my fine , permed hair . One of the best products on the marker for my hair type .
 Years & years of coloring & bleaching - I 've been tough on my hair and am always looking out for a great conditioner to at least maintain some sort of order in hair that can easily dry out and be damaged . Going from a dark red to a platinum blonde is as extreme as one can get on their hair and this conditioner has done a great job at restoring my hair and saving it from being a frizzy , over-processed nightmare.Other products by this company have n't impressed me , but this particular conditioner/repair surprised me in a good way . The only other product that I 've had work as well on my hair is a protein treatment that is messy , smells bad , and requires ten minutes under a hot dryer to activate . I 've never found a leave-in conditioner that has done anything near as well as this wash-out product.This smells nice - fruity but not too strong , does n't require heat , and is thick and easy to apply . About once a week I use it on dry hair and leave it in for the recommended ten minutes before rinsing out to get the full benefit of the conditioner but even 5 minutes in the shower leaves my hair feeling soft & silky.I 've added this to my regular purchases and I do n't need to use any after treatments to my hair now .
 My hair is highlighted blonde , similar to the color of my youth . I love this conditioner . I recommend it highly for color-treated hair .
 TIGI Bed Head Dumb Blonde Reconstructor is one of the best conditioners on the market for over-bleached blonde hair . If you are looking for a reconstructor that repairs and protects your hair from futher damage here it is . My hair was falling out from being over-bleached . It was very dry , brittle , hard breaking lifeless . Every time I comb my hair there was tons of blonde hair on the floor . With just one treatment , I saw a big difference . My hair was moisturized , stronger , softer , silkier to the touch . If you over bleach like I did or just want really healthy , shiny , soft , moisturized blonde hair , this is one of the best hair care line to use . I luv Bed Head products . Dumb Blonde is one of my favorite for my damaged bleached hair .
 This stuff works great I leave it in over night but when you do that make sure your pillow case is a older one .
 I 've been using American Crew products for years but hate paying retail price for it . The shampoo is so big it should last at least 6 months same with the hair gel . This set is a great value for what you get and you get free shipping through Amazon . This is a great deal !
 This is my new favorite conditioner . I was purchasing the Curly Girl line of products , which is the best I 've ever used , but it was just too expensive to keep up with . This option is better priced and almost as good as the other product . So for value in quality , it gets 5 stars .
 I love it . It makes my curls soft and natural . My husband loves the smell . If you have natural curly hair this great . All the curls rock products that I have used are wonderful .
 This is a perfect for my curly hair ! It minimizes the frizz and makes my hair much more manageable .
 This conditioner works well for me , my hair is curly/wavy , but not very course . It keeps the curls defined and not frizzy without weighing them down too much .
 I 've searched for years and absolutely LOVE Curl Rock products for my curly hair including the Shampoo and Conditioner - and what a great price !
 For such a simple and inexpensive product , this is extremely effective.You can pay 4 times as much for products that appear fancier but do the same thing , stretch your toes . I have been using the toe flexors for one month and get alot of relief from them after wearing shoes all day.They are almost addictive . One small suggestion , if your foot is a D or smaller width -LRB- size 10 or less -RRB- , with tight toe spacing , unless you already have a good amount of stretch to your toes already , you might want to start with the moderate stretch size . The maximum stretch size was painful at first.The pain has nothing to do with the material , as they are made from a firm but shape conforming and comfortable foam . It simply has to do with the amount of stretch your foot can handle at first . Enjoy !
 I was having some pain in my left foot , and had developed a hammer toe . A friend suggested I try a toe flexor . After a couple of weeks of wearing the toe flexor for 15 or 20 minutes a day , my foot pain is gone . The toe flexer was a wonderful , easy , and inexpensive solution .
 They fit great for my 111/2 feet . They seem very uncomfortable when they are first put on , but quickly become unnoticeable . They are spreading my toes too !
 I get gout and other feet related issues for someone being 550lbs and this REALLY HELPS . Especially now I upped my work outs to lose weight my feet/toes kill me typically after do these things and now i put these on and yes my feet feel as if what are you doing to me at 1st but my feet have never felt better in a long time .
 For such a simple and inexpensive product , this is extremely effective.You can pay 4 times as much for products that appear fancier but do the same thing , stretch your toes . I have been using the toe flexors for one month and get alot of relief from them after wearing shoes all day.They are almost addictive . One small suggestion , if your foot is a D or smaller width -LRB- size 10 or less -RRB- , with tight toe spacing , unless you already have a good amount of stretch to your toes already , you might want to start with the moderate stretch size . The maximum stretch size was painful at first.The pain has nothing to do with the material , as they are made from a firm but shape conforming and comfortable foam . It simply has to do with the amount of stretch your foot can handle at first . Enjoy !
 I was having some pain in my left foot , and had developed a hammer toe . A friend suggested I try a toe flexor . After a couple of weeks of wearing the toe flexor for 15 or 20 minutes a day , my foot pain is gone . The toe flexer was a wonderful , easy , and inexpensive solution .
 They fit great for my 111/2 feet . They seem very uncomfortable when they are first put on , but quickly become unnoticeable . They are spreading my toes too !
 I get gout and other feet related issues for someone being 550lbs and this REALLY HELPS . Especially now I upped my work outs to lose weight my feet/toes kill me typically after do these things and now i put these on and yes my feet feel as if what are you doing to me at 1st but my feet have never felt better in a long time .
 I received product in timely manner . I love this scent . Its very hard to find so thank you very much .
 There are few today who do not know the name Marc Jacobs . His clothing designs have won a loyal following who appreciate his flair and awareness of what becomes women . His designs are understated yet elegant , classic yet innovative.He reflects the same qualities in his fragrances . Of his latest , Blush , Mr. Jacobs said , `` My garden in Paris is permeated with the delicate scent of Jasmine . For me , it is a smell of simple and intense glory - nature in grand performance . I feel a connection exists between this rich flower and the innate power of femininity . `` What words could better describe this fragrance ? Star Jasmine , which is grown in China and is the richest form of Jasmine , highlights the scent augmented by Japanese Honeysuckle , soft musks and wood notes . It 's dreamy , almost tender . Ultra feminine.The bottle is sleek , curved , a blush glass tone topped by a silver cap . Also included in the collection is Body Cream , Body Lotion , and Shower Gel .
 This is my second bottle in 6 years . A little goes a long way , and the fragrance lasts for hours . It 's not over powering , so enjoy . I like to use it alone or with other fragrances . Either way I always get complements on my perfume . I just feel delicious - all the time . Do n't delay , you 'll like it .
 DO N'T STICK FOREVER . BUT SATISFACTORY . I KEEP A SPARE WAND AND CHANGE OFF WITH EXTRA SPONGES AT THE READY
 Since Boucheron 's `` Initial '' and `` Jaipur are two of my favorite scents I was eager to try their latest - `` Trouble . '' Catchy name , is n't it ? And , it 's apropos as the fragrance is fresh and a bit impish.Reflecting the name , the packaging is a square , faceted red bottle topped by an intricately designed gold cap.If one had to categorize this fragrance it would be Oriental . However , it is not as decidedly so as the `` Jaipur . `` Highlighted by jasmine the scent is enriched by amber and vanilla . It 's extremely appealing for both evening and day wear.This is one `` Trouble '' any gal would welcome .
 Love the Maui Babe line ... you have to put the sunblock on first and then the browning lotion and you will not burn ! Its worth the extra money than something from the drug store .
 Love the Maui Babe line ... you have to put the sunblock on first and then the browning lotion and you will not burn ! Its worth the extra money than something from the drug store .
 I 've used Elizabeth Arden for years . Would n't use anything else . It is a great line of products for mature skin .
 Love the Maui Babe line ... you have to put the sunblock on first and then the browning lotion and you will not burn ! Its worth the extra money than something from the drug store .
 Love the Maui Babe line ... you have to put the sunblock on first and then the browning lotion and you will not burn ! Its worth the extra money than something from the drug store .
 Love the Maui Babe line ... you have to put the sunblock on first and then the browning lotion and you will not burn ! Its worth the extra money than something from the drug store .
 This product is great . I 've been having some problems finding stuff like this where I live , when they were always readily available before . I 've been using it for several weeks , and I have to say it leaves hair very soft and shiny . Hair has stopped falling out and looks very nice . I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to take care of his/her hair . It is a great product . And shipping was super fast !! Got ta love that part also !
 I have been using this product for about 12 months . It has a wonderfull scent . It also seems to promote a thicker more full dense head of hair.I reccomend this product as well as the seller , He ships quick and has it in stock all the time .
 My daughter loved Maui Babe while in Hawaii . This was the best price on the net and shipping was great .
 I was not really sure Maui Babe Browning lotion would work , but for the price I thought , `` why not ? `` This is absolutely the brownest I have ever been in my life -LRB- 44 years old -RRB- . Not only brown , but soft and not leathery brown . The oils leave your skin feeling fabulous . I am buying more bottles tonight.Gift certificate to local water park + cute beach towel + Maui Babe Browning Lotion = AWESOME GIFT !
 This lotion is all about getting the perfect golden tan . We layered with this product -- first with the no. 30 sunscreen by the same line and then with the non - SPF version . We have never been browner without burning . The coffee smell was appealing and inspite of the color , did not appear to stain the skin .
 I LOVE Maui Babe ! It is really the best on the market . It is as described by the company , deep dark tan , and the after sun lotion rocks !
 I ordered the Maui Babe Beach Pack because of the stellar reviews the browning lotion received here on Amazon . Well , it certinly lives up to its name ! I have never achieved such a brown , bronzed tan in such a short amount of time . I tan easily , but tend to get a reddish/brown at first . But with the SPF 30 lotion underneath the browning lotion , all I got was tan - no redness ! I like the after-sun lotion , but IMO any good body cream would do the same thing . I also suggest getting a quality sugar body scrub -LRB- like philosophy coconut frosting body scrub -RRB- to exfoliate your skin before tanning . This will give you an AMAZING tan and is an extra step so worth incorporating into your tanning routine . It works wonders if you scrub down before using Maui Babe Browning Lotion - the results are just incredible & it makes a great product even better ! I highly recommend these products : -RRB-
 I came across the browning lotion in a local supermarket by chance early this past summer , so I purchased it to give it a try . Never in my wildest thoughts did I think a browning lotion which smelled so bad that it actually repelled the flies at the beach , would work as well as it did to tan my already olive toned skin . The only way I could describe the odor is like strong coffee , but , Maui Babe browning lotion works very well . As far as the sunscreen , my husband loved the scent , and the fact that he did n't burn like he normally does . I loved the after sun moisturizing lotion . My skin was soft , and I loved the scent . I found the scent of the after sun lotion to be like that of tropical flowers . My husband did n't use it , as it was a very feminine scent . He loved the scent on me though . I 'd recommend this to my friends .
 Ok lotion , does n't get you as tan as you would think . It is also greasy . Overall not too bad . The smell is bad at first too but after soaking in the sun for about 30 mins . Overall its just ok .
 Excellent product a little greasy when it goes on but the coffee smell is nice and I will often burn when first in the sun . I use this product after a few days in the sun when i have a base tan .
 I 've been using this lotionfor years ! I 've got everyone hooked on it in Ca . Love this stuff , works excellent and it does what it says it does . The smell is great ! Even the sun screen smells good . Once you use this you wo n't go back to your old stuff .
 I 've purchased both the browning and after sun lotion before and love these products.The after sun product is just perfect for soothing that dry sun beaten skin.The browning lotion really does help give you color.THis will be my first time using the SPF 30 . I typically only use 30 in the beginning of the summer until I get a base tan .
 i use maui babe as a body lotion ... i love this product ... it give `` s a little color and is good for your skin ... i found maui babe in hawaii ...
 I have combination skin and under my eyes it was getting super dry . I got recommended to this product by my esthetician . My skin around my eyes has never felt more supple and hydrated . LOVE !
 I love this product . I have sensitive skin and I have no problem using this . I have been using it for over 2 years now .
 Love the Maui Babe line ... you have to put the sunblock on first and then the browning lotion and you will not burn ! Its worth the extra money than something from the drug store .
 I use this shower gel all year long . It 's great in the summer for a fresh smell and it keeps bugs away when we are at horse shows and out late at night . I have dry skin and in the winter this is great for dry skin . I use the SOS lotion along with this and my skin is never dry . I love this product and it smells wonderful .
 I have used Avon 's Skin So Soft shower Gel for several years and absolutely love it ! The fragrance is heavenly and it cleanses the skin without drying it out . I hope they NEVER discontinue this product ... do n't know what I 'd do . They 've added one or two other fragrances in this shower gel line , but the original moisturizing gel is the most sensuous fragrance .
 I keep this in our RV shower . Hopefully the scent will help prevent bug bites . Use this with the oil and lotion , can always reach for the deet but would prefer to skip the chemicals until needed .
 Avon has always been my favorite . Many products are made by them , however , their &#34; Skin So Soft &#34; is the most fantastic fragrance and textured creamyness anyone could want . I love this !
 I was hoping this skin so soft shower gel would do the same as their other skin so soft in keeping the mosquitos away . It does ! I was not sure after rinsing it off and toweling dry , but no worries it works great ! Normally my husband says he knows the mosquitos bypass him and go for me so he knows if I am around he wo n't get bit . Not anymore , lol . I offered him a container of my gel but he turned me down , -LRB- ah well all for me -RRB- Love not getting bit !!!!
 I 'm on my third one , and will keep buying this shaver until they stop making them . They last me about 3 or 4 years . The only thing that goes wrong is the battery looses its oomph .
 I just turned 62 and have a fair complexion that is normal to slightly oily and have been using Afirm Vitamin A / Retinal cream for 4 years and would never be without it ! Used `` properly '' -LRB- i.e. applied at night only -RRB- this cream delivers on its promises . I begin with the lowest strength , -LRB- 1X -RRB- and then after several months , graduated to the 2X strength . After about a year on the 2X , I tried the 3X , which unfortunately was a little too strong for my somewhat sensitive skin -LRB- mild flaking but no redness -RRB- causing me to return to the 2X strength.Prior to using Afirm , I did a lot of on-line research of all the Retinal product ingredients as well as consumer reviews . I found that the Afirm line of Retinals were not only some of the strongest available -LRB- the % in each of the 3 strengths available is on their site -RRB- but also one of the least expensive , if not the cheapest ! When the prescription form of Vitamin A cream first appeared on the market , I tried it . But I was in my late 30 's to early 40 's then and I did not really see any results , so quit using it after just one tube.It is important to remember that this , like all skin products , Do Not Work Overnight !! So if you decide to try it , give it time ! I personally did not begin to really see any affects until after 60 days use . I use Afirm 2x at night and Obagi 20 % Vit C serum in the AM and today my skin is smoother , more firm and I no longer have the occasional `` pimple '' that I use to get -LRB- yep , even in my 50 's I still had those little suckers pop up -RRB- . For myself , I give Afirm a big thumbs up .
 They do not sell this cologne in the local stores anymore . Macy 's carried it for only 1 year . It has a nice fresh smell but not overwhelming . I constantly get compliments from people who get close enough to smell it . I got a bigger bottle for a lower price on Amazon .
 This is a light clean scent . So light you may think it was diluted with water yet , I will always get good reviews whenever I wear it . Also , the speed at which my order was processed and delivered was impressive . Delivery date was for 5 - 7days but I received the item in 2 days !!
 I am a satisfied customer . This product came in on time and in superb condition . I 'll purchase from this seller again in the future . I highly recommend this seller and I am very happy as customer .
 THIS IS ONE OF MY MOST ROMANTIC SCENTS . PERFECT FOR VALENTINE OR ANY SPECIAL OCCASION . FRAGRANCE LASTS FOR HOURS BUT DOES N'T GET STRONG WITHBODY CHEMISTRY
 El perfume lleg&oacute; en buen estado , es excelente , estoy muy conforme con el producto . Muy bueno!Muchas gracias , por todo .
 This is excellent smelling . Makes a woman smell fresh and clean . Men should buy this for there lady . Highly recommended , ,
 This is the real deal , large bottle of the stanky goodness . my mom likes it , the box was legit and it saved me some money and a trip into macys where I would have been asphyxiated by fumes while waiting to find someone to help me . 6 stars if it were possible
 I love the smell of this cologne . I smelled it on someone else and just had to buy it . I am enjoying this fragrance every day .
 this product is amazing . the smell stays on all day , and the price is unbeatable . I use it on a daily basis . love it n it is worth the price : - -RRB-
 I would easily give this product 5 stars except it is not working properly . It keeps cutting off while using -LRB- at least 5 to 10 times ! -RRB- I would like to return it for a new one .
 I 'm a 51 year old female & I 've been using Minoxidil 2 % for about 15 years . It 's the same formula as Rogain so shop for the cheapest Minoxidil you can find . Although my hair is not as plentiful as it was when I was a teen , it certainly is not as thin as it was before I began using this product . I understand it does not work for everyone . You need to use it for 4 months before you see a result . You should actually see a result sooner but keep in mind it needs to regenerate your dormant hair follicles and once that happens , hair grows at a rate of approximately 1/2 inch per month ... so the beginning growths will be short until they are grown out . If you stop using the product , you will loose your hair so it 's basically a forever commitment . Better than living with thin hair ! Final note , I have never had side effects , except when I tried the 5 % formula which made my head itch uncontrollably !
 I tried rogaine last year , but stopped because all I could find is the 5 % . I read that you can develop an immunity to this formula and it is best to start with 2 % until results stop and the increase the dosage.It comes with a dropper and is pretty easy to apply . I 've been using it for almost 2 months now and am very happy with the results so far . Noticeable regrowth , but it is n't significant yet.I 'm also using it on my receding hairline so I 'm very happy with the results as I understand this product does n't work for everyone on that area of the scalp .
 I ca n't really tell if it does regrouth the hair since i 've been using it for only a month , however i feel like im losing less hair , so , as for me , te product worked nice ! U ca n't expect a miracle but it deserves 5 stars anyway !
 At least for me , Minoxidil works . It slows down hair loss , and regrows hair . This was a good deal , I recommend it .
 I noticed that my hair was thinning and started my research . I discovered that Minoxidil seems to still be the treatment of choice , even after many years . I put it on my scalp with a dropper after I get into bed each night . It leaves no residue behind , either oily or otherwise , so is much cleaner to use than I expected . And ... it works .
 Fast processing of order . All according to specifications.On the product itself
 I 've tried a lot of high end shampoos and masks and while I 'm generally pleased with most I 've tried , I SIMPLY LOVE , LOVE , LOVE how this makes ny hair feel . Salerm Wheat Germ Mask -LRB- Spain -RRB- was my favorite prior to using this mask by KAO but I swear after using this mask by KAO Asience , my hair feels supple , moisturized and VERY STRONG . I have fragile , dry , porous , relaxed -LRB- African American -RRB- hair that breaks easily but this masks makes every strand feel so STRONG ... almost like the elasticity is restored to my hair . LOVE it ! Just ordered more shampoo , conditioner and TWO more Masks !
 I purchsed this product based on a review by a customer who is my race -LRB- black -RRB- and has similiar hair concerns about moisturizing , and she praised it very highly for the moisturizing benefits that she attained from ASIENCE . And to my pleasure , the product was absolutely wonderful ! It made my hair feel really great , and a little bit of this product goes a long way . I will be ordering more of this product in the near future !
 I live in a dry climate , so I use this product 2 to 3 time a week . It works very well and has a great fragrance . It conditions well without weighing my hair down even with frequent use .
 I ordered this for Mother 's Day for my mom . She loves this fragrance . It is hard to find most stores do not carry this fragrance anymore so , when I saw it on Amazon I jumped at the chance to purchase this item for her.She was pleased and surprised that I found it.I want to thank the seller for getting it to her on time .
 And Ivory soap reminds me of my childhood -- maybe that 's why I like it so much . It may be a bit too strong for some folks , but one light spritz is n't overpowering.I first discovered this scent many years ago when I was collecting minis , for the bottles . I used all of the tiny bottle and asked at perfume counters in department stores if they carried it . No one had heard of it . Then someone on a message board asked for opinions on scents and I mentioned Pavlova , and moaned that I could n't find it . I had n't even thought to search Amazon , but someone suggested it , and voila ! And the price is reasonable.My other favorite scent is Ysatis , but Pavlova works best for daytime .
 this perfume smells great and stays all day . i bought it for my mom and she just felt in love with this perfume . it is perfect for women over 30 .
 pleased with service because i always wanted to get that product and who i got it for was very pleased and wants to get more
 OMG ! This is a lovely floral fragrance , very feminine and lady-like with spring-like flowers , a bit of powder , and wonderful depth . It 's not my style but it would suit a lady wearing a new dress and bonnet on Easter Sunday.Top notes are mandarin orange , cassia , raspberry and grapefruit.Middle notes are tuberose , jasmine , hiacynth , neroli , ylang-ylang and geranium.Base notes are sandalwood , musk , vanilla , oakmoss and vetiver.This fragrance is a great price and not well-known . It also does n't smell like it is stuck in the late 1970s when it was created . Highly recommended for floral lovers !
 A couple weeks ago I ran into a old friend who has always loved the perfumes I wear ; she mistakenly thought I was wearing Pavlova because it reminded her of her childhood . I immediately had to go find some , it is almost as I remember it but seems like the fragrance wears off to fast or you need to constantly apply it throughout the day . Maybe they just added more alchohol to it so here is a tip ladies ... where you apply your perfume rub on a little vaseline first it will make the fragrance stay on twice as long.I must say the seller was on spot , fast and reliable and very nice communication ... TYVM for your professionalism .
 This is exactly what I have been using and could not find any more in the US
 My grandmother wears this perfume , and it smells great on her . I ordered this because she ca n't find it in any store , and it was a good surprise that I found it online
 I first started wearing this scent when I was in college . I love light floral scents like lavender , freesia , abd other similar fragrances . My boyfriend at the time was not into perfume but also loved this scent . When I found it on Amazon , I was thrilled . The bottle is beautiful and the scent is a great balance on being dominant where it announces your arrival and too faint to where you are the only person who knows you are wearing anything . In addition , it lasts throughout the day so you smell as fresh at the end of the day as when you got dressed.It can be overpowering if you use too much and do n't use more than one pump otherwise it will be too much . However , if I am trying to offset dog smell , I will spray it on my favorite blanket and it makes an excellent room freshener.The 3.3 Ounces bottle is quite large and will last for a LONG time . I love the bottle -- it is very tasteful.I 'm so glad I found this again . Despite smelling wonderful , it takes me back to my youth . -LSB- NCJAR -RSB-
 This is the only perfume my Mother has worn for 40 + years . She loves it , I love the way she smells and so many people have commented how nice this fragrance is on my Mother .
 My mother has loved this fragrance since the 1980 's and it is getting harder to find . The bottle and packaging are lovely , and the scent is the trademark Pavlova delicate , powdery floral . The price on Amazon is much less than we paid for it at a fine department store twenty years ago !
 I received this perfume years ago as a gift and loved the light flowery scent . I was delighted to find it on Amazon and at a really low price . I gave myself and a friend a bottle this Christmas .
 Pavlova was first released by Payot back in 1922 in honor of the famed dancer , Anna Pavlova . Though discontinued for many years , it was re-released in the 1980 's which is when I first bought a bottle . I 've gone through many scents since then but I have always had a bottle of Pavlova on my dresser . So glad that I can buy it here instead of hunting it down store by store as I had to do before .
 Pavlova came on the market just about the same time white diamonds did ... I choose Pavlova just because of the fragrance and once applied was even better on me ... This is my absolute perfume , have not had another since and Thank You ... Amazon for having this available for me as my home burned , there went a lot of my fav 's ... Again I love the product and thank 's to amazon I have it back ... Diana Stoler
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas . I knew nothing about it but saw that it had been around since the 1920 's so I assumed it must have a lot of followers . I took a big chance as my wife is very picky about her perfumes . In this case , however , I scored a home run . Even before she could smell it she fell in love with the modern ballerina sculpture top . But then when she out in on she fell in love with it . Her exact words were that it was &#34; Elegant . &#34; She absolutely loved it ! Hooray !
 This is such a lovely , and not overpowering at all , scent . The wonderful smell that it has reminds me of the roaring twenties ... from a distant time , floral and powdery and spice filled . It 's a great fragrance !
 I really like my purchase , it was exactly what I expected and this is a happy customer.Thank You for it .
 I loved this product because it was really original ! its smell is perfect and as I remember it . Dont guide always for the price , not always the expencier is better .
 This is everything it is claimed to be ! It completely turned the problems I was having with my skin around ! Warning , though ... IT IS STRONG ! Be sure to consider the skin type you have and only `` baby step '' into the strength of this product . It comes in 1X - 3X . I recommend taking it slowly . I ordered the 3X right off the bat because I have a problem with my -LRB- age 55 -RRB- skin sloughing off dead skin cells . This caused minor break-outs and dull skin . Literally , with one application of Affirm 3X , my skin felt different ... AWESOME ! It did make me peel like a snake skin though . I think I `` over did '' at first . Then when I backed off a little , I now have it working perfectly . I can see such a difference in my skin texture , smaller pores , completely cleared any problem areas I was having and I can see such a reduction in wrinkles already . I will definitely continue using this product.With the 3X strength I use it about twice weekly right now . I have also discovered an AMAZING , MIRACLE exfoliating cloth that I use at night to clean my face ! Makes your face feel like baby skin . I LOVE IT , TOO ! -LRB- Claroderm Micropeeling and Cleansing Cloth . You can get it on Amazon , too -RRB-
 I tried Afirm 3X in place of Retin A in the Obagi Nu-Derm plan because I was nervous about jumping right into the harsh effects of tretinoin cream ... The results were AMAZING . Within a few days this product had me gently but rapidly turning over new skin . My moderate hyperpigmentation disappeared within a couple of weeks ... even before I moved up to the prescription vitamin A products that are part of the Obagi system . I used Afirm for several weeks and gradually prepared my skin for the more aggressive Vitamin A in Retin A or Tretinoin . Afirm 3X helped me completely avoid the red peeling and discomfort expected in the initial weeks of Obagi . LOVE THIS PRODUCT !!! BTW , I started the system for some moderate sun damage and discoloration , but the bonus is that my wrinkles are GONE . -LRB- the ocassional mild acne breakouts have also stopped completely -RRB- I was recently forced to leave a little neighborhood pub until I could come back and produce my driver 's license to prove I was 21 . I will be 40 in 3 months ... maybe the bartender was sipping a little behind the bar before I got there ... but I credit this product working in conjunction with the hydroquinone of Obagi -- Admitedly , the poor lighting in that filthy bar did n't hurt either . Good luck !!!
 I found this to be a great product ! I was n't so sure that it would be , given the price . It 's much cheaper than , but works just as well as the higher priced alternatives . Maybe better , being that there was n't the usual problem of my skin having to adjust to the harshness of the product . No irritation or sensitivity . I will definitely purchase this product again .
 This is a fantastic retinol product at a much better price point than the competition . My dermatologist recommended it for that reason . It works beautifully and is non irritating if you slowly work up to the 3X from the 2X . Needs a moisturizer over it however because it is not very moisturizing .
 I have been using Affirm for about 8yrs . My dermatologist reccomended it for brown spots and wrinkles , I have been a faithful user ever since ! I am 44 and I am constantly being complimented on my skin , people think I am in my early 30 's !! I use Affirm3x every night during the warm weather and alternate with Affirm2x during the winter . If your skin is sensitive start with 2x or use 3x every other day . You will see a difference in the smoothness and clarity in just a day or two . Besides being great for tone , texture , and lines , it also works on adult acne too ! I really can not say enough about this product , it is my # 1 must have !
 My mom has patchy dark dry spots on her skin -LRB- she 's 59 -RRB- and after 3 application , we can see some difference . The skin seem smoother and patchy spots less dark now .
 I just turned 45 and have started to get wrinkles around my eyes and forhead from squinting . Right now I am only using Afirm 2x three times a week and my forehead seems so much better already after about a month . However , I purchased 2X a while back and did n't use it faithfully and only started using it a lot about a month ago because of some really bad acne I got from using avon ultimate cream spf 15 or avon alternative cream night . So I stoped using those and currently use Alpha Hydrox 10 % and Avon vitamin c serum and a sunscreen lotion day and Afirm 2x and vitamin c at night and I only got 3x because I will be running out of 2x shortly . It 's really helping to fade the acne scars all over my cheeks and chin from scratching . And this is not causing me to breakout . I do n't know if I will breakout after I start 3x . I got it for such a good price at amazon . A little goes a long way . I 'm pretty sure it 's pharmaceutical grade . It does not have a noticable frangrance and is absorbed quickly and not sticky . It 's not a very moisturizing item but I do n't use a moisturizer after but my skin is not really dry . I like that it comes in a metal tube . The problem with using these type of products is that when you stop using them my skin goes back to where it is supposed to look like as you age .
 Does anyone remember Este Lauder , `` Diminish '' ? I used that product 10 years ago and loved it . It worked . I was at the age though where I was preventing , not treating ... When I saw that they have discontinued this product I went on the hunt ... I have been using Afirmx1 everynight , -LRB- after washing my face with only warm water -RRB- , for two weeks now and I have n't missed a night . The barely there wrinkles around my eyes have 80 % vanished ... I will continue to use x1 at night and a moisturizer with spf in it , during the day - until I need to bump it up to x2 and so on ...
 This product has TOTALLY cleared up my skin !!! First let me say this
 I 've been using 3x for 3-4 months . I 've been getting compliments on my skin . I have naturally oily skin , large pores , hormonal breakouts . This keeps my skin from breaking out . When I do break out , this makes them go away within one night ! I wait 30 minutes , then use Oil of Olay moisturizer over it at night . In AM I use glycolic acid . Long-term use will pay off . Stay faithful .
 I 've been using this product for about a month now . I am very happy with the results . I 've had some drying/peeling but I got it under control switching to a gentle face foam cleaner -LRB- Olay -RRB- with a facial loofah pad instead of my Neutrogena soap bar . I have a very oily T-zone with large pores . I 'm 44 and have hormonal chin breakouts monthly . Afirm has really smoothed my skin and balanced the color tone very well . Also my pore size is smaller -LRB- or less noticeable -RRB- . I still apply a very light dab of benzoyl peroxide my chin nightly for the breakouts after using Afirm . I also like the fact that you can get the grade that you need and go stronger slowly . I think the price is great compared to most and does the same job .
 I started using the Glytone facial lotion step 1 -LRB- light moisture -RRB- along with the Glytone Mild Gel wash -LRB- non-drying -RRB- and AFIRM 2x -LRB- non-irritating to me -RRB- at the suggestion of my dermatologist . The combo helps control my VERY oily skin and makes my pores look smaller.When I ordered off Amazon , I stepped things up to Step 2 in the lotion and AFIRM 3x . I will continue to use these products .
 I have been using Afirm , starting with Afirm 1X and now using Afirm 3X . My skin appears smoother and clear . I plan to continue using it nightly .
 I had been using Tazorac for years , but when my husband became military it became very hard to get a prescription with his insurance . This product works just as well if not better . I love it !!!!
 The majority of skin care products on the over-the-counter market do n't really do anything for your skin but moisturize or provide sunscreen protection . Afirm actually causes your skin cells to turn over faster , revealing healthy , new skin . My skin is too sensitive for retin-a , so I love being able to use a retinol product that does virtually the same thing for my skin . And best of all , I do n't need a doctor 's prescription .
 Excellent choice for exfoliating and it also does wonders for firming the skin and reducing wrinkles . It also appears to do a good job with evening out the skin tone and diminishing acne and fades dark marks . Make sure to use this product with a really good moisterizer as it tends to force peeling within 48-72 hours after using it .
 This stuff is great and there is no need to use any other product except a deep moiturizer every once in a while when your skin feels dry . Great way to save on all your creams.Good site to purchase from as well with a speedy delivery and affordable prices .
 I picked this up after reading the book The Skin Type Solution . This product has really helped combat the wrinkles starting a appear on my 30-something face.Follow the directions and start using it slowly .
 I am 45 years old and have tried many products and this one does work . I am not one to post false reviews and I do not get paid to endorse products -- I am simply a consumer that has had amazing results with this product . I use it daily and over the last several months have successfully watched several brown spots on my face disappear . This is the only product I will use now . I must admit , because of the money I have spent and the many products I have tried with no results , I was not expecting miracles from this one , but this one really DOES WORK and it does deliver results . I am a repeat customer and rate this as the best on the market !
 I love Affirm 3x it is such a good retinol product . It makes my skin beautiful again and I got it for a great great price .
 I used to sneak into my older sisters bedroom to borrow this perfume from my older sister . . Now over 10 years later it is still my favorite , not that I 'm a connoisseur of perfumes.I have always gotten so many compliments from the men on the way I smell . . My only complaint is that it is difficult to find in the stores now and some people think it is discontinued.I 've tried the newer one in the orange bottle and ca n't stand it.This is the only perfume I wear.Byblos or nothing at all.When I run out I just do n't feel like I have that extra touch.Definitely worth a try if you have never smelled it before.Seriously I never write a review , but I 'm missing my Byblos so much I had to . . Ca n't wait till I get a lil ' loot to buy myself a late Christmas present.I was hoping it would be under my tree but sometimes the best gifts are the ones you give yourself . . Hope you enjoy it as much as I do !
 This fragrance was everything I expected and more . I do not have any other perfume product that lasts as long - wears for the duration of the day and longer . It is a beautiful scent - my boyfriend absolutely loves when I wear it . I would definitely buy this again once I am out .
 This is my favorite perfume and has been used for years by my mom , then sister and now me ! Its not available anywhere and I was happy to finally find it ! The price was great and the perfume was in my mailbox within 2 business days ! It was packagedproperly to protect the bottle and I appreciated that very much ! i will definitely be ordering from here again : -RRB-
 I AM SO GLAD THAT I WAS ABWL TO FIND THIS PERFUME.IT IS MY FAVORITE PERFUME AND VERY HARD TO FIND.I LOVE THE FRUITY . SWEET SMELL IT IS PERFECT FOR MY ACIDICBODY CHEMISTRY . I GET MEN TELLING ME ALL THE TIEM HOW GOOD I SMELLAND THEY I SMELL LIKE FRESH SWEET FRUIT , EWWW MAYBE A GROSS COME ON BUT IT SEEM TO BE THE WAY MEN DISCRIBE IT.LOVE LOVE LOVE BYLOS ...
 I love this smell . It 's very fresh and clean with a hint of floral . It 's a very bright scent , and good if you 're ready for energy and something to uplift you .
 I ran out of this , my favourite , perfume close to 2 years ago , and had been looking high and low for it ever since . If its available in stores in Canada I was unable to find it . I finally broke down and ordered it online with free delivery to my sister 's place in the US , knowing that I would be seeing her the next month . Due to unforeseen events , we were unable to get together until recently , when she handed over the package she 'd been holding for me for months.I was a bit worried , only because a slight error on the website showed an inconsistency between how the product was described , the picture it displayed , and the confirmation details . I was so relieved to find it was exactly what I was hoping it would be , and smelled just as wonderful as I 'd remembered . I would n't hesitate to order from here again , but it sure would be nice if they included free shipping to Canada .
 Byblos Parfum is a floral , fresh fragrance . the scent will stay with you for the day . I love this perfume , been wearing it for over 13 yrs.super fast delivery . will do buisiness again with seller . Great Price .
 I use to wear these scent years ago . I tried newer scents , but I ended up going back thee older familiar scents and I just love the soft scent . Not overbearing , but effective !
 I buy this every year for my mother . She loves this perfume and she now expects me to buy it for her . Good stuff .
 This lipstick is lighter than pictured . I used to buy this color at the drugstore until they stopped carrying it . Even though the color is `` Raisin '' , I would describe it as more of a burgundy . I 'm so glad it comes in a two pack . In my opinion it is as good as those department store lipsticks . This manufacturer , Prestige Cosmetics , does n't test on animals , according to their website .
 Please keep up with this product and I will be a regular . I used this and go through 1 tub every 2-3 months .
 This is a great product . The lady who gives me facials recommended it . I do prefer the color ' 1g ' . That is why I give it 4 stars instead of 5 .
 I really like this styling tool . Works well on my fine , thin hair and smooths it the way I want but have always had difficulty achieving . I 've had great results with this product .
 I LOVE this product ! I recenlty purchased this product for myself and I love it ! I have extrememly course , curly and super thick hair . -LRB- it 's been compared to lambs wool and a brillo pad in texture -RRB- . Anyway straightening my hair has always been a nightmare . Until now , the switch it is amazing . It is time saving and does a superior job of straightening and flipping . Normally it takes me about 2 or more hours to just straighten my hair . Within a hour using the switch I was done and it looked amazing . If feels smoother , shiny , and soft . I can say this is the first time I have ever used a straighter and I started smiling at how wonderful it turned out . Now I can easily style my hair with 20 to 45 minutes . Yeehaw If I could hug the inventor I would . Thank you ! Just remember to style with your hair dry -LRB- not for damp/wet hair -RRB- and have fun .
 The first reviewer was correct , this is a great item ! It certainly exceeds my expectations . It is a solid piece and works as well as the Wahl reputation would suggest . I like the option to go wavy or straight . I leave the heat on 8 as the first reviewer suggests .
 The Wahl SwitchIt is perfect because it does n't have the standard FLAT plates which put PLATES in your hair ! The product helps to heat and guide your hair without actually Ironing it . Its a well-made , almost heavy piece so that could take a little getting used to , but you can tell its not a drug store curling brush.It has MULTIPLE heat settings , and the highest really is HOTT so you might keep it in the mid-range until you see how it works for you . I think mine stays at 8 all the time.I think I need to order another one , for backup . There really isnt any other item out there like it .
 I absolutely love this iron . I 've had flat irons before but never 1 like this . it has teeth so that makes it excellent so I dont have to chase a comb !! the entire thing gets hot but not so hot that it will make burn marks if u accidentally touch it to your skin . I wouldnt change it for anything !! I wish I would have found it sooner !!
 best things I could ever buy . use them to clean all my weapons . that is what I was use to in the Military why not carry the tradition . best thing to have in getting in small cracks of a weapon . not to mention can be use for other uses .
 We have a Yorkie who always gets ear infections if we do n't keep his ears clean and dry regularly , so we use these applicators to help remove the debris from his ears . DO NOT DO IT unless you are experienced at this , or are vet tech , or other profession that has the training to do this . You can easily damage your dogs ears if you do n't know what you are doing .
 Very useful for many uses for any member of our family . Also can buy in bulk is the price is OK .
 Work well for detailing jobs . Sticks a little brittle but once you get the feel they worked well . Would buy again .
 These are precisely what expected , exactly as described . Perfect for detailed cleaning , packages of 100 . Came quickly , holds up well when used in light scrubbing .
 I am sure these are intended for medical use but I mainly use them for cleaning my pistols/rifles . They are also good for getting your dogs ears clean . Nothing real special about these but price was excellent and product seems high quality .
 This product arrived quickly and intact . I was very satisfied with the quality and pricing , and will buy it again when needed for our non-profit clinic .
 Purchased this for my daughter who has itchy scalp on the crown of her head . She has been using it and loves it . I have just purchased a second bottle and will continue to use it .
 This liquid soap is ideal for anyone wishing to have the protection of an antibacterial ingredient yet have soap that is gentle , mild , and nicely scented . Great for everyday use because it is so mild . We keep it in our built-in soap dispenser by the kitchen sink so the evryone can experience this fabulous product .
 I have been looking for the gallon bottle of this soap in the stores . Since I was n't successful , I chose to order it online . I thought I was ordering the gallon size because the picture showed the larger size . However , I mistakenly ordered 3 of the 7.5 oz . size . The picture was misleading . I do take full responsibility for my mistake and am enjoying the smaller size just the same .
 It 's small , folds down and is great to pack for a trip instead of your big hair dryer . I just wish you could set it on cool and blow as fast cuz it does get pretty hot . Very convenient item if you travel .
 It has the ability of some larger hair dryers but is more compact . it is a pleasure to have a very functional dryer with ease of portability .
 My daughter is using this dryer in Spain and reports that it has worked to her expectations . The 1600 Watt is the maximum for international use ; many of her fellow students were unaware of that so their dryers have blown out . Hers is being borrowed constantly ! This dryers is light and compact , perfect for traveling and is sturdy ; it has not blown out and has done a beautiful job of drying her long , long hair !
 It is nice if you are looking for a simple hair dryer . It does its job pretty nicely . The dual voltage option is a plus as you can use it anywhere in the world . A little big for travelling , but compromises with its folding handle and light weight . The disadvantage is that you cant use it on the high in 240 voltage . It is hard because you might tend to put it on high and then that would kill the equipment .
 This is a small but powerful hair dryer . Mine arrived slightly cracked so I was not sure if it would work . After trying it out I found it does work rather unexpectedly well . It is light weight that would be handy for travelling . The material does look cheap and filmsy . But as long as it works that 's good enough .
 This compact blow dryer was exactly what I needed . It was small and lightweight and I was grateful for the small switch that changed the wattage to be appropriate for the European wiring . Mine worked when other girls ' blow dryers would n't !! I would definitely recommend it !
 This does the business with minimum demand for luggage space and perfectly adequate for maintaining an adult and professional appearance . Why spend more ?
 I ca n't say much about it because I have short thin hair , but I use it to dry my thickening product and it works as a charm , it also helps dry my razors after I shave to keep them working right so it is a plus . Very cheap too . Just take good care of it .
 I have only had it for a short time . So far it has lived up to all my expectations . Very compact and light.The folding handle works well.Great price and shipped on time .
 I ordered this for my boys to have in their bathroom . I was tired of taking them to my bathroom and using the big hair dryer on them . Now I can just whip this little travel one out to dry their short hair . Perfect timing for winter when the bathroom is colder than usual . Very powerful , light weight and compact .
 MY `` GREAT DEPRESSION ERA '' MOM WAS USING A SMALL , VERY OLD HAIR DRYER WITH BLACK ELECTRICAL TAPE HOLDING IT TOGETHER . I GOT THIS ONE FOR HER SINCE THE SIZE WAS COMPARABLE . SHE COULD N'T HANDLE ANYTHING LARGER . SO FAR SHE 'S HAPPY , BUT I 'LL UPDATE THIS IF THAT CHANGES!Update
 The hairdryer was exactly what I wanted - almost . I do n't like a powerful hairdryer because I have thin , short hair . So , I never use the high setting . However , the low setting on this dryer is n't quite powerful enough . It 's a great travel hair dryer , though , and since I travel a lot , it 's perfect for me .
 Good for this price . I recommend this item who wants to get a usable little dryer for a small amount of money .
 It is on the smaller side , but this dryer works and does the trick . This is a reasonably priced that wo n't blow you away with its performance , but it gets the job of drying hair done fine . Being on the small side , this would make for a good dryer to take on trips due to its compactness . I like that you can fold down the top of dryer to make it easier to transport . While the dryer does not dry hair at high speed , it gets the job done in a reasonable amount of time that makes it worth it .
 This dryer was just what I wanted , small , light , foldable & powerful enough to dry my hair . I love it .
 I ordered this during a stay in a rehab hospital due to an injury . It arrived as promised . It works great and the folding handle makes storage a snap . The noise level is not bad considering its 1600 Watt power . The only problem is the voltage selector switch 110V vs 220V is confusing and the instruction book is no help.I figured it out by trial and error.Not only great for travel or other away from home uses , but I think it would be fine for everyday use.Nice smooth heavy plastic housing and generous length for power cord.I highly recommend this Conair Product .
 I purchased this dryer specifically for international travel . With the international converter , this little dynamo dryer worked fine on both High and Low settings . Great value for the price .
 As another reviewer pointed out , the voltage converter is installed backward . If you 're aware of that and switch it to the opposite setting than you would expect -LRB- 250 in US , 125 for higher voltages -RRB- then it seems to work fine . Nice portable lightweight design .
 Purchased this product exclusively for travel . It is small and folds for a good fit in my suitcase . It is light weight but it is very powerful . And most important it is sold at a very good price point .
 This is a great hair dryer . I 've been using it for two years now and find it comical that it is more powerful than my `` at home '' dryer . It is a great product , travels well , and is really strong - this is not just a cheap , secondary dryer .
 Small , but not too small . Not too loud . Not too * HOT * either . The price is right . What more do you need when you 're on the road ?
 I purchased this hairdryer because I needed one for the type of craft work I do . What is there to say about a hairdryer ... it works just fine , blows out a lot of heat and does exactly what I wanted it to do .
 This little dryer has worked out great . I do n't use it for hair , but to dry watercolour paintings , between washes , so I ca n't speak to fizz , etc , however there are a lot of great things about it . It 's small and folds smaller , so I can throw it in with my art supplies . It would fit well in a suitcase/travel bag . The cord is a decent length and rarely tangles . It has been durable for me , even with being shoved in a drawer , banged around , etc. . It has two settings and it makes a nice , even breeze . It has a good price , too . I ca n't find anything not to like about it !
 Recieved very quickly . I have medium length hair and this thing dried it up fast and no frizz !! great for travel and overnight !! Great price and great product .
 great for travel - compact & lightweight . feels a little flimsy but durable -LRB- so far after a few months -RRB- .
 I bought this product about 1 month back . It a pretty good hair drier . Light , compact and fold-able which can be carried easily in a suitcase and takes very less space . Optimum Power . I am quite satisfied with this purchase .
 Its really small and handy . . Its just the size to carry anywhere but the wire is too long thats the only drawback . Still you can go for this and the price suits . The colour is cute .
 I bought this hair dryer for college and it is awesome . So compact you can almost place it anywhere . It is super powerful for it 's size . I have a lot of thick long hair , so I was at first worried about this product . But it meets my needs and is a great buy !! Would recommend it for travel , home or college !
 This is a cheap , slightly flimsy product.Note there is a voltage selector -LRB- for 250 vs. 120 volts -RRB- . In the 120 mode , you will not be able to use HIGH mode , but HIGH appears to work fine if you do not toggle the switch .
 We bought two of these hairdryers for our kids because our regular hairdryer is a bit too bulky and heavy for them . Since they are still pretty young , this hairdryer is perfect for smaller hands , and has plenty of power to dry even long hair quickly . It 's also very lightweight , which makes it great for travel . Lightweight , plenty of power , easy to hold . All in all , a good value for the money .
 First the good it is small , the whole thing with cord cord wrapped around it is about 6 `` x5 `` x2 .5 '' , not the smallest but better than I found in stores.The cord is 5 feet long and it has quite abit of heat and wind power.The bad is there is no `` cool shot button '' as included in the product info and a bag would have been nice.Now the odd , the 125/250 setting is reversed on the unit I recieved.When I got the unit the selector was pointed to the 250 voltage setting which seemed wrong.I looked at the instructions and it stated to `` flick the voltage selector to the lo position '' -LRB- bad wording you have to turn it , use an America dime -RRB- , and then put it in 250 for `` international use '' . The unit should only be put on low in 250 -LRB- which is actually high , twice the voltage means more energy at lo setting -RRB- , when I switched it to 125 -LRB- American setting -RRB- the unit would not let me go down to the high position , when I put it back to the way it was sent both the high and lo worked.I can only assume that this unit has been redesigned to prevent people from burning it out and they used the old shell design with the 250 on the `` left '' and the 125 on the `` right '' . Looking at some of the pictures of other conair dual voltages the 125 and 250 are reversed from the way mine was.Quite odd !
 This was a backup in case our hotels did n't have dryers . Most did , but I wish I 'd used it all along
 Purchased this hair dryer a short while ago and , thus far , it has worked very well for my needs . It 's very small and compact , making it perfect for travel or just tucking it in a drawer out of the way and the dual speeds is a nice feature . It is not the most powerful hair dryer out there by any regard but I have quite short hair and , for this , it works perfectly.If you have long , thick hair , I would recommend looking for a more powerful dryer.So far , so good ; very happy with the product .
 This lil dryer packs a lot of punch for its small stature but i love it . It folds which makes it easy for travel . Very nifty .
 I liked how compact and light this product is , it seems to be durable as well . Completely satisfied with my purchase
 What can I say ? It does what it 's supposed to . I do n't have a need for a fancy hairdryer so this fits the bill . It feels somewhat cheaply made and there is no way to disassemble it if something fails . Comes with a GFI on the cord .
 just what I was looking for . Small , light , two speeds , has a nice loop to hang it , folds for traveling , and so on . Especially nice with the Amazon rewards coupon . It was shipped to my home at no charge .
 I have been looking for this type of hair dryer for quite awhile and was surprised to find exactly what I wanted ! This dryer is very compact , yet has 1600 watts of drying power , works absolutely perfect and fits anywhere ! Especially great for travel . I would certainly highly recommend this purchase to anyone!Geri Kessler
 Got this for my mom . She 'd been looking for one of these for a while and was very happy with the product .
 When I was a kid I owned a number of different hairdryers that were all bigger , stronger and more expensive -LRB- comparatively -RRB- than this one . But as a -LRB- grown-up -RRB- man this one suits my needs . I admit it is the first hairdryer I have owned in about 15 years , but serves to save me from the old wet hair in winter - get a cold with ease connection.If you have hair you can put in a ponytail , look for another hairdryer .
 This one if functional -LRB- has been using since a month -RRB- , but looks very flimsy . Probably becauses of low weight , which is a plus .
 Perfect . A nice , small hair dryer . Good for home or travel.Light and easy to hold and folds for convenience .
 THIS WAS JUST WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR . I GO TO THE GYM AND WORKOUT AND THIS FIT PERFECTLY IN MY GYM BAG AND DRIES MY HAIR NICELY . PERFECT FIT FOR MY NEEDS . HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
 I do n't use this dryer very often and usually only use it for a few minutes . I use both the high and low settings and am very careful with storing it and plugging and unplugging it.It is very inexpensive and so it needs to be treated carefully and not overtaxed with running it for long periods of time on high . It is not for heavy duty use , and that is obvious when you look at the quality of the plastic that it is made of . And it is small , which means it has a little motor that ca n't do much and is prone to overheating.But if you just want to use it for a few minutes , to get short hair damp dry it is just fine .
 THIS CONAIR HAIR DRYER IS JUST THE RIGHT SIZE AND WATTS THATI WAS LOOKING FOR . IT 'S LIGHT AND EASY TO HOLD . AND IT WORKS GREAT.WAVA BRAMLAGE
 i am fully satisfied with purchases . Everything was as described . I suggest it to other who want to buy it .
 Bought this product for my paint shop . It has held up really well in the work environment . Definitly a good product for the price
 this is a great little dryer . does what its supposed to do and for the price is perfect for occasional use !
 Works good . Has a switch between 110 and 220V modes . Compact size , folding handle . Perfect for travelling.I have only used it a couple times so far , but I had another Conair dryer which is still good after 2.5 years -LRB- unlike Revlone which broke after half a year -RRB- . So I hope this one will last too .
 Very pleased with the product and delivery time . My first time with ordering a hair dryer online and would do it again . Thank you very much .
 Thanks for the very fast transaction and shipping ! Got it just intime for christmas as planned . Item was very nice.Thanks Again
 Wonder why it is that the first facial lines to appear are often around the eyes . All that smiling , perhaps ? Whatever the case , no one wants those tiny lines accenting their eyes and we know that crow 's feet are really for the birds!Cellex - C , an acknowledged leader in the field of anti-aging products , has developed Eye Contour Cream Plus , a light peach-colored cream that will reduce those telltale lines . With 5 % L-ascorbic acid it puts to work the one form of Vitamin C that the body recognizes and uses for collagen production.For use apply to the eye area after cleansing and toning . Follow with moisturizer if desired . There may be a slight tingling sensation after the cream is applied , which is a sign that the L-ascorbic acid is being absorbed into the skin.Recommended for all but ultra sensitive skin types , this cream causes no untoward reactions such as a sensitivity to sunlight .
 I began using Cellex C products for two reasons
 Granted , there is a bias in this review because Cellex C is one of my favaorite product lines simply because I 've never been disappointed in it.Created by a true professional , Lorraine Meisner , an outstanding cell biologist , Cellex C is Vitamin C based . Each product , of course , has a different amount of Vitamin C in it but every one that I 've used has proven to be effective.This eye cream absorbs easily so you do n't go to bed with greasy ring around the eye . It 's fragrance free and suitable for all skin types .
 Wonder why it is that the first facial lines to appear are often around the eyes . All that smiling , perhaps ? Whatever the case , no one wants those tiny lines accenting their eyes and we know that crow 's feet are really for the birds!Cellex - C , an acknowledged leader in the field of anti-aging products , has developed Eye Contour Cream Plus , a light peach-colored cream that will reduce those telltale lines . With 5 % L-ascorbic acid it puts to work the one form of Vitamin C that the body recognizes and uses for collagen production.For use apply to the eye area after cleansing and toning . Follow with moisturizer if desired . There may be a slight tingling sensation after the cream is applied , which is a sign that the L-ascorbic acid is being absorbed into the skin.Recommended for all but ultra sensitive skin types , this cream causes no untoward reactions such as a sensitivity to sunlight.Our clothes are wrinkle free - why not us ?
 This product is super fun and super easy to use for anyone . I am ordering another right now as I gave mine to my mom because she loved it so much too when she used it on a visit to me recently.Also , it works great for people like me who have super flat hair . The curling attachments are really cool to experiment with to create different styles and the flat iron is good to have if you mess up a curl . I HIGHLY recommend this product and so does my mom . I 'm 27 and she 's 50 - I have long hair , she has shoulder length hair , so this product is great for all ages and hair lengths !! I ALWAYS buy Conair hair styling equipment and they have never let me done .
 Really good product . Not turmaline or ceramic , but does the job fine.And you have the convenience of changing the straightner / curling iron whenever you want .
 Its working great . . especially the straightner . . though I have not used the other gadgets Im sure they will be great too . if looking for straightner alone get this equipment its a great bargain with the other gadgets . . And this ships fast with the free shiping too . .
 It great . I can do anything with my hair now.It is real asy to use .
 I bought this product for the flat iron and I think it was a bargain for having all of those attachments . The flat iron and curling iron work great . It 's very easy to switch between them . It takes a little practice to use the spiral curl attachment , but then it 's quite easy . It heats fast and the temperature stays where you set it . I like this kit and would recommend it to anyone . It was definitely worth the money .
 I have owned various curling irons in the past , but I noticed that my Health-club has Conairs out where everyone can use them . They often get left on for ages and get lots of use . And they have held up.This set seems to have about the same base as the ones the health club has . I love the temperature setting part , although I 'm never exactly sure what to set it at . I love the fact that this one warms up fast -LRB- never get a vidal sasson curling iron , even if it is free -RRB- . It was nice to have the other attachments to experiment with , but I just use the regular , standard , curling iron barrel .
 This iron is ay . may . zing . It shipped out and arrived really fast , too . My hair is -LRB- usually -RRB- slightly frizzy and all over the place when it 's windy , and my boyfriend has been bothering me to get a cheap , working iron . Well , this is definitely worth the money , especially if it 's your first iron . The curling attachment takes some getting used to , but it 's as easy as anything once you get the hang of it . Go and get this .
 this is an exellent product . i got it for the straightening iron because my hair is always all over the place , and when i used this my hair just went flat and i love it ! another thing is i find the curling iron hard to use but when ypu get the hang of things it 's not hard at all . also the tempurature coltrol is great because it helps all kinds of hair . i highly recomend this product , it is great for you if you dont like spending tons of money on things like this . -LRB- like me -RRB-
 We bought this for the straightener and the spiral curl maker . The straightener works well escecially if you use it with small sections of hair at a time . We LOVE the spiral curl maker part of this contraption ! So now I have a new job , which is to fix my teenager 's hair every day ! But it is soooo worth it ! My daughter loves her hairdo because it makes her hair look longer and the curls are gorgeous ! The curls hold extremely well with a bit of aerosol hairspray . I would recommend the Chi styler protectant to go with , which makes it easier to tighten the curl while protecting her hair . The Chi also adds shine , just FYI.To make excellent , bouncy -LRB- spiral -RRB- curls : Wind the hair from the clamp upward on each rotation . Focus the hair so it rotates toward your face rather than oriented toward the back of your head . Take small sections vertically and run your brush thru before clamping and twirling in the styler . Leave hair in unit for 30 sections and gently release . Curls should immediately be in a definate spiral at this point . Do not mess with your hair at all until all of the curls have cooled -LRB- maybe 3 minutes after the final spiral -RRB- . Then , bend at the waist letting your hair fall in front of you and finger fluff your hair very gently . While still head-down using an aerosol hair spray , spray your hair from a distance of ~ 5 inches , quickly without focusing on any curls specifically so that hair does n't have a stiff feeling . Enjoy !
 My hair is very straight , and hard to curl . This great iron kept my hair curly the whole day , through the night when sleeping , and probably would 've stayed for another 3 days if I did n't take a shower . I did n't even have to use any other styling products to hold my hair . My hair reaches down to my lower back , and because this iron heats fast and stays hot , it only took me about 20 minutes to curl my whole head . I 've bought many irons , some more expensive than this one , and none of them work . Remarkable price for what you get.P.S . - Even though I bought this mainly for the curling irons , the straightener works great too . I use it on the spots that I want to keep straight -LRB- bangs -RRB- , but accidentally curled .
 This is really a great all-purpose curling iron . It heats up quickly , the attachments are easy to use and work well , and I like the wide range of temperature settings . My only regret is that my hair is now too short to use it . ; -RRB-
 I love this Conair 4-in-1 styling kit . I have not tried the flat iron or the ` sausage ' curl attachment , but everything else works great . I love the fact that this heats normally to many different heat settings , or will turbo heat in just a few seconds when I am running late . I have used Conari products for many years ; and I am very pleased with my purchase .
 Great product , well made and worked wonderfully . Heats up quickly and was easy to use . I used the spiral curl attachment to do my hair for a wedding and the curls stayed in all night long . I would recommend this product and the company -LRB- iBuyz-deal -RRB- I bought it from . The only thing was that mine did n't arrive in the original box or packaging but in a plastic bag with the model number and working product with a date from a year ago . It did include the directions with it also . This was nowhere in the product description or any place else on the item page . There was also a problem with the shipping but the company was quick to respond to my emails .
 very nice way to experiment with different hairstyles it curls , spirals and straightens with different ends that are a snap to change .
 OMG ! This is the best color in the world ... kinda plummie -LRB- if that 's a word , lol -RRB- & kinda cocoa what a great combo ! It is a little dark for me to wear as a regular lipstick all of the time , so sometimes I use it as a liner . Whoa , whoa , whoa !
 For me , the color of this lipstick is perfect
 This product certainly covers grey hair with a natural look , but you have to be very careful when applying it . You have to use the little comb that comes with it which is rather tedious , or you have to apply it very carefully so as not to touch your scalp or forehead . Otherwise , you will get dots of color that certainly will not look natural .
 This is an excellent solution for times between hairdresser appointments . I have been using it for years . Easily washes off -LRB- do n't get caught in the rain ! -RRB- .
 I am well pleased with your price on this bottle of Ombre Rose perfume . My mother wears this fragrance , and it is one that is difficult , if not impossible to obtain in our area . She is happy to know there is a place where it may be purchased with her online direct debit , and where she can save money at the same time.Ombre Rose By Jean Charles Brosseau For Women . Eau De Toilette 6 oz
 A reasonably priced at-home Microdermabrasion System with a few eye treatment extras at the SAME PRICE as it 's competitor 's original product when available . The device works well , gives it 's competitor a run for their money AND it 's still on the market as are the replacement applicator sponges and renewal cream.There is NO ALUMINUM in the renewal crystals either!This kit is well worth the cost - forty bucks . I 've just ordered more renewal creamsGreen Tea Cellular Renewal Micro-Exfoliation Creamand applicator spongesFoam Applicators - Dual Replenishment Packwith FREE standard shipping for purchases over $ 20 . Another BONUS is the replacement applicator sponges fit my olderNeutrogena Advanced Solutions At Home MicroDermabrasion Systemwhich is discontinued and replacement sponges and creams are rarely available AND COSTLY . They fit the discontinued Vita-K Solutions Microdermabrasion System , which was bare bones BUT had a post-derm serum included for twenty bucks . I moved on to other Neutrogena deep cleansing devices and dermabrasion tools yet always comback to the dermabrasion tools from 2005ish timeframe like this REJUVA-LIFT -LRB- tm -RRB- Skin Renewal System pictured here as it is n't so on Amazon -LSB- ... -RSB- . It was an Allure Best of the Best back then!As with all Microdermabrasion Systems , make sure you have a really rich moisturizer , your new skin will drink it up . Use a moisturizing sunscreen SPF30 to protect the youthful glow too ; -RRB-
 I just have to say , Barry 's Tricopherous is great for your hair . I like the way it keeps your hair looking nice and soft and the lavender fragance smells good . It also makes your hair grow because it contains castor oil other ingredients . Overall this product is great , i 'll definitely buy more .
 This issue was used by my grandfather , smells like herbs and discrete cinnamon essences mix.The genuine Tricofero comes in glass bottle.The fragance kepps all day .
 this one was for my sister in law , she 's only four y/o and she have a really thin hair , yes you read it right , this also work to have a stronger hair !
 I recommend it , It leaves my hair smooth and the price is very affordable , my father told me about it .
 I been using this product for about two weeks now . I put a little on my scalp and message it in after every shower . I do n't know for sure about hair growth but my hair looks better .
 I did not use the product yet , actually it is not for mebut i will update later if anything . But the delivery was fast!very fast delivery and right product !
 It was very convenient to reorder Dior lipstick through Amazon.com ; I could not find the lipstick in any of the department stores here.Glenna
 I 've never found any product that worked as well as this one . I 've tried a few skin firming lotions and was mildly impressed . This one exceeded my expectations . I also love the fact that this product contains lavender and orange blossom essential oils . The scent is as addictive as the results!Along with diet and exercise changes , I 've decided to really focus on improving my entire skin texture and tone . Exercise helps , but if you use this product in combination with the Vitamin C Therapeutic hand and body lotion by Avalon Organics you will see some dramatic results . Your skin will feel ultra nourished . Why save that feeling just for your facial skin ? Your entire body is craving this type of treatment.Since CoQ10 is found in every living cell of your body and it starts to diminish as your skin shows signs of aging , this product can also help to revitalize your skin help prevent the inevitable . It neutralizes free-radicals . This product `` definitely '' improves firmness , it tones and smoothes your entire body and is just a deliciously creamy product you will love using.I ca n't say enough about this product . The results are evident after a few weeks of use and this is one of those products you will become addicted to!I use this all over , but you could also buy it to use just on your thighs , stomach and breast area . You will notice those areas becoming firmer and having renewed elasticity.I 've lost track of the number of bottles I 've purchased . Sure , it is a bit expensive for an all over body lotion , but you are so worth it ! You will feel so good knowing your skin is just glowing and healthy.Active Ingredients
 Not only is she known for offering a line of makeup that creates a `` flawless face , '' but Laura Mercier has also won followers with her advocacy of safe yet effective skin care . Not one to promote the use of harsh additives that irritate the skin with the promise of looking younger , she instead wishes every woman develop to beauty to one 's individual potential . Integral to this premise if , of course , proper skin care both day and night.Night Nutrition Renewal Creme , while a full-strength treatment , is light and glides on easily to replenish skin and retain moisture . It 's available in two formulations - one for normal to dry skin , the second for very dry to dehydrated skin . Many have found that their skin varies depending upon the climate , their health or other conditions.Created with Ms. Mercier 's own Skin Health Complex -LRB- sugar beet extract , oat beta glucan , red tea extract , panthenol and sodium hyaluronate -RRB- , the Creme not only protects but serves to diminish fine lines and wrinkles.After cleansing before bedtime , simply warm the Creme between fingertips and then gently massage into face and throat area . - Gail Cooke
 My jar is almost empty and I can honestly evaluate it , according to my personal experience . First of all , I love the smell ... so light . It reminds me of my mother 's Pond 's face cream of the 50 's . It goes on light and feels instantly moisturizing on your skin . Does n't soak in quickly . Everyone seems to really love this cream according to all the reviews I saw on the internet . It is creamy and light and feels great when you first put it on . Just one important thing the reviews do n't tell you - after a short time , the cream will begin to `` ball up '' on the face if you wear it under makeup . Fine for going to bed but give it an hour so it does n't come off on the pillow . Nowhere have I seen anything about it balling up mentioned , so I am only giving you a heads up on the fact that it does this . Otherwise , it does moisturize your skin very well and will last a long while during the day if you do n't wear makeup over it . When I am home , I usually apply after my shower and wear no makeup . Works better that way for me .
 My husband likes this soap more than I do . It 's a great soap I just do n't care for the fragrance . My husband loves it and he always has to have some in the bathroom and the kitchen . It does keep his hands soft .
 If you suffer from cracked and bleeding fingers due to dry skin
 I have used St. John 's Bay Rum for many years . It is without a doubt the best aftershave ever . My wife loves it because it smells fresh and clean without the overpowering odor you get with other aftershaves . I like it because it refreshes me after every shave and leaves me feeling refreshed and masculine . I wholeheartedly recommend it to any man who wants to break away from those aftershaves you can smell from 100 meters away .
 Reminds me of being a kid at the barber . Soft not too strong . Much better than those girly colognes you 're sprayed with every time one eneters the wrong side of Macy 's .
 This product works just fine . I used the darkest brown on my mustache and beard and the color lasted until it grew out .
 I buy this for my husband and he looks just fine . Sometimes he uses 2 boxes if it does n't take . I secretly wonder if he leaves it on long enough the first time ...
 I have shorter hair and have found the beard and mustache version works great on your head . It 's much easier to use than the regular stuff because it 's a thicker gel that you apply with a little brush . Unlike the regular Just for Men , it does n't drip all over the place and is easier to keep from dying the skin around your hairline . Anyone with longer hair , stick with the regular stuff , but for short hair , this is much better . Just make sure you apply it evenly or you 'll look like a deformed zebra . I brush it in as best I can and then massage it all around my head with my hands . FYI my hair is about 2 '' -2.5 '' long on top and faded on the side.Also , I 've found that both this stuff and the regular stuff take about twice as long as the package indicates to penetrate my hair . If I wash it off at the specified time , it wo n't cover all the grey . I need to leave it on longer . This may not be the case for everyone , so it may take some experimenting . It does work well though once you get the right color and time.One other thing , I 've found that applying some vasaline or lotion around my hairline -LRB- making sure not to touch the hair -RRB- keeps the skin from being dyed . Do n't rub it in , just apply it around your sideburns , forehead , ears , etc and leave it . Anything that gets on that part of the skin will wash right off .
 I use this for maintenance to keep my sideburns blended and grey free until my next tint at the salon .
 Dont ever stop making this . I love it . This produck is so easy to apply and last a few weeks .
 this product smells just heavenly and just like honeysuckle . I will enjoy this soap a lot . Well worth the money and quick shipping
 My daughter-in - law and I both are addicted to this cream . She is a nurse and her patients always tell her how nice she smells.It is moisturizing as well . We were at lunch the other day and the girl who seated us told her how wonderful her fragrance was . She looked at me and said `` See what I mean ?! '' . Enough said .
 With a nod to France and the French Patisserie , Laura Mercier introduced a body and bath collection called Body and Bath Collection Gourmande featuring such scents as Au Lait , Creme Brulee , Vanilla Creme Puff , Tarte Au Citron , and now the irresistible Almond Coconut Milk . Sound delicious ? They are , plus no cal.The Almond Coconut Milk Honey Bath is my current favorite with its fresh sweet fragrance . As if that were n't enough for a bubble bath it 's also fun . The Honey Bath comes with a wooden honey dipper . About six inches long the dipper is n't a spoon but has a serrated tip which you twirl to pick up the Honey Bath . Then hold this under running water to fill your tub with masses of rich bubbles.The addition of Vitamins A and E serve to moisturize and condition the skin while Rosemary , Sage , Ivy and Papaya extracts provide firming , lifting , purifying and toning properties.Smoothing on Almond Coconut Milk Souffle Body Cream following a bath is the ultimate in pampering and pleasure . - Gail Cooke
 I am a huge fan of Laura Mercier body and bath products . Until recently I was using the Creme Brulee Honey bath on a daily basis . I thought it could n't get better than that - but it just did with the introduction of Almond Coconut Milk Honey Bath . I have gone through one jar and am on my next and I can not walk through the bathroom without opening the jar just to smell this unbelievable scent ! I immediately ordered the body scrub and the body wash and have not regretted one penny I spent on these not inexpensive products.I have used and been happy with one or two other bath products but this new addition to the Laura Mercier line will be almost impossible to beat .
 Any woman that loves a long warm bath will love the lather and soft scent.when you run out of it tho it last a long time you will miss it.laura mercier almond . Coconut body & bath collection honey . Yummy pleasure .
 For a number of years I enjoyed Laura Mercier 's Clementine Body Cream and was sad when I could n't find it anymore . But I finally settled on the Almond Coconut and I really enjoy it ! Smell 's great , feels good too ! And the price has not changed for a number of years , so I 'm happy about that !
 Laura Mercier Almond Coconut creme is hands down the best lotion I 've ever purchased . It 's thick , rich , and absorbs well , without any greasiness . Oddly , I never cared for the taste or smell of actual almonds or coconuts , but for some reason , this combination in a cream works for me . The scent is incredible , and it 's not marred by an over-sweetness like many other lotions . I would definitely say that the almond is most prevalent , and the undertones of coconut makes me think of the summer and the ocean , and that always puts me in a good mood . As an added bonus , the glass jar is pretty enough to leave out on my bathroom counter.As much as I love this cream , I do n't use it every day , due to the cost . I save it for special occasions . A couple of years ago , I foundBella Il Fiore Happily Ever After Whipped Body Creme , Almond Coconut , 12 Ouncein a local shop . I took a sniff , and I could n't believe it - the scent is almost identical to Laura Mercier 's , with a bit more sweetness . -LRB- I 've got both jars open in front of me as I write this review . -RRB- I now have both products in my lotion rotation . I do prefer Laura Mercier 's cream , but for less than half the price , Bella Il Fiore is a great alternative .
 I have taken baths regularly for years for muscle soreness after working out . I got this as a gift . It really is the ultimate foaming bath product . The almond scent is great . The foam lasts long and as does the jar 's contents . I 'm on my 3rd month with it and I 've only used 1/2 of the jar so far . You 've got to try this , even if it 's only once . You 'll be glad you did .
 Intended for those who want a richer moisturizer than Body Lotion , Souffle Body Cream is aptly named as it is souffle-like in texture . From Laura Mercier 's Collection Gourmande , this cream offers optimal body moisturizing benefits and is delightfully scented , slightly more so than the Body Lotion . It glides on smoothly , a little going a long way in providing intense softening and nourishing effects without being heavy or greasy.The addition of earth minerals to the cream enhance the skin with a subtle sheen , while Liposomes tone and condition.Key ingredients include vitamins A , E , and F which work harmoniously with Oat Protein , Silk Protein and Sweet Almond Protein for skin nourishment and protection . Macadamia Nut Oil and the indispensable Shea Butter leave skin with a rich silkiness while Honey adds sweetness to the scent.Speaking of her latest fragrance Laura said , `` This scent reminds me of a refreshing tropical drink blended with the freshest possible local fruits '' . True , indeed.Following a Honey Bath with this moisturizer is , well , luxurious to the nth degree . - Gail Cooke
 The fragrance of this gentle yet effective skin polish is delicious ! It 's a warm , sensual blend of milk , coconut , almond and vanilla - clean , pure . `` Scrub '' seems almost a misnomer for something that leaves skin soft , moisturized and glowing after a massage during bath or shower . Granted a little extra pressure to my elbows , knees and heels is welcome , but the feeling is always one of being pampered rather than `` scrubbed . `` In the past I 've tried some `` scrubs '' that did just that and my skin felt like it . They did a good job of exfoliating but left skin sometimes red , always in need of moisturizing . Laura Mercier 's Scrub is the opposite - it not only polishes skin but hydrates it , too . - Gail Cooke
 What you used to be able to get in any drug store but now can not . An excellent skin care product at a reasonable price . Would prefer larger container but the stuff is great for dry skin an moisturizing .
 Everything went fine . The order was filled on a timely basis . I received exactly what I ordered .
 Me gusto mucho el perfume . Llego muy rapido a Venezuela . No dudare en pedir otro nuevamente . El aroma es muy agradable .
 I love this fragrance ! I was on a cruise ship on vacation & smelled this perfume on a few passengers in passing & I just had to ask someone what they were wearing , and it was Contradiction . Me & hubby went to the perfume shop onboard & purchased a big bottle for me & a big bottle for him too ! Beautiful scent for both men and women ! Highly recommend !! There are some reviewers that do n't realize that when they review a product the review is only for the product NOT the supplier . This product got some negative ratings due to slow shipping ! That 's not the products fault !
 Buying a perfume is totally based on personal choices and is totally subjective , so not much that I can add other that the bottle design is quite elegant .
 I 've been wearing Contradiction for years and have grown to love to this unique smell which I can only describe as being darker , more musky and `` amber '' . I like how it does n't smell like every other fragrance -LRB- floral , citric , grassy , etc. -RRB- . While the smell is definitely feminine I think it 's a likely suitor for women who are tom-boys -LRB- like myself -RRB- .
 I simply love this perfume , as well as people around me . Many times people have complimented me on the way i smell or asked me what i 'm wearing . I think also that the bottle is beautiful and original . I would definitely recommend Contradiction to anyone who 's looking for some new , nice fragrance or still debating whether to get it or not . Buy this one and you 'll not regret : -RRB-
 buenisimo esre perfume la atenci&oacute;n fue muy buena , el tiempo estimado para la llegada del mismo fue el indicado rapido
 Contradiction is most deffinitly one of the most noticed parfum 's that I have ever owned . When I wear it more people then with any other fragrance comment on it , and it 's always in favor of the scent . I have given this as a gift many times and always the gift has been a big hit .
 If you want to get your missus in the Groove ... Then get her this perfume.It not only turns us Lads on but it also gets her all flowing ... amazing smell . .
 I am gratefull with fact that companies like Amazon can provide us this kind of items ; because it is the easier way to have it !!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this for my daughter as she loves this perfume . I rather like it myself the men 's cologne is also very nice.Thank you
 This is a very soft fragrance that I apply in the A.M. and at evening time it is still there . Very nice .
 Contradiction with Eternity , Truth and Escape are my favs of all times . Contradiction is very sporty and girly . That 's how I see it . Lovely scent , makes me more happy for some reason . Sometimes I even spray my pillow and I can relax better.Very strong scent , only a bit needed and it last all day and night . If someone likes Calvin Klein I recommend to try this one . All his scents have some depth and definitely are very outstanding .
 My wife said the product was great so I thank you for keeping your promise not sending some fake item . Thank you .
 I am so happy as to get this brand from CK available on Amazon . Was not able to find in any retail store . We already had used this in past so knew that we want to buy . After search online many site came with around similar price , but bought from Amazon because of good experience in past with amazon . Product arrived as described , withing commited time frame . Always Happy to shop on amazon . In future if need more to shop online will surely come to amazon to check first .
 Goes good with every day . . a casual scent that seems to last . For the price , you ca n't go wrong .
 I am happy with my purchase ... it is a great smelling perfume !!! I love it ... Can not wait to buy again from this seller and the shipping was super fast !!! :O -RRB-
 This is the best organic soap I have ever used . The bars are big , lather up nice , and best of all -- the scent is awesome -- makes you want to take a shower several times a day !!!
 1 OF THE BEST COLOGNE OUT THERE FOR MEN . GREAT FRAGRANCE . IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO GIVE THIS AS A GIFT , ITS THE PERFECT IDEA
 Es un perfume excelente , con cuerpo , agradable , intenso y perdura en el d&iacute;a . No es necesario decir nada de la calidad . Con s&oacute;lo probarlo uno se da cuenta de lo bueno que es . El precio es mas que razonble . Los tiempos de entrega previstos por el vendedor se cumplieron tal como estaba estimado .
 This is one of the many Neutrogena products I use . . I use a variety of their lotions and shampoos and conditioners and I love them all ! I dyed/bleached my hair quite a few times as a young teen and it left my hair all damaged and straw-y and gross . Now , thanks to Neutrogena 's Clean Replenishing Conditioner , my hair 's soft again ! w00t !
 I tried this at a hotel that I was visiting . It was one of those sample bottles that hotels put out for guest . It really makes my hair soft and manageable . JMC
 I really like this product . It has made my hair soft which till now very few conditioners could do because I have very thick and dry hair . Also its so thick and creamy i just love applying it plus it has got great fragrance . Have been getting compliments from friends about nice fargrance evrytime i wash my hair . Also i feel its great value for money !
 I actually like this product a lot . It really does provide your hair with great body , and does n't leave it too weighed down with product or feel oily.My only complaint is that the fragrance -LRB- which does smell nice -RRB- , is too strong , and I am very sensitive to most fragrances
 I live in Colorado , the climate here is extremely dry . I find my hair is more static lately . I do n't know if this is because of the weather or due to this product . I like the scent , it rinses out clean . I need to give it more time to see if the static improves . Hate flyaway hair .
 I have used the Neutrogena Clean shampoo and conditioner for as long as I can remember , but ca n't seem to find it in the stores . Is the product the reason I have no gray hair at 61 when no one else in my family has that luxury ? Who knows , but I still love how my hair feels and looks .
 Our favorite conditioner , leaves your hair natural feeling . No gunky buildup after multiple uses . No heavy perfumes , a simple and reliable product .
 This product does not weigh down my fine limp hair and is reasonably priced . I would recommend it . Washes out nicely .
 The Neutrogena Clean Replenishing Conditioner works great for conditioning without leaving my hair and scalp greasy . I 've previously used Matrix Biolage conditioner which always left a residue on my hair and scalp .
 i like this stuff , my hair ends up nicer and easier to style than when i use some of the more common cheap store-bought conditioners . i use it withNeutrogena Clean Volume Body Enhancing Shampoo , 10.1 Ounce -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- . i do n't know what more i can say about conditioner . it smells decent ? i 'm a guy , btw . my girlfriend uses it sometimes too , she says she likes it . so there you go . great for boys and girls .
 This has been my favourite conditioner for a long time . It 's one of the very few for which it 's true that you need to use only a little at a time .
 This truly is a good conditioner that rinses clean and leaves hair feeling soft . I would recommend this to anyone who needs a moderate conditioner that rinses out well and does n't leave a heavy fragrance behind . Neutrogena products are always a safe bet .
 I love this product , if your hair is on the dry side it only takes one application to notice the difference .
 When I could not buy this product at the store , I checked on Amazon and they had this product .
 I really enjoyed using this product especially becauseof it 's natural qualities . It felt really good on my skinand did n't have that oily feeling I expected it to have.A + productRoselyn Marino
 Eucalyptus Sinus Relief Herbal Bath provides effective relief for tender sinuses . I do n't know about its effects for allergic rhinitis or a full blown sinus infection . But I 'd sure try it anyway ...
 everything was fine.the only bad thing was that I sent the track # . That is why I 4 rating.I had to ask several times . but I 'm satisfied .
 This was recommended by my makeup artist for my wedding , and I have enjoyed it ever since . I really enjoy ordering this size because the value is much better than ordering the 18oz bottle . I refill my 18oz bottle as I need it from this and keep it in the shower , where I wash my face -LRB- because I make a HUGE mess of my sink if I do it there , haha ! -RRB- . Highly recommended !
 Love the way it makes my skin feel . It makes it feel so clean and fresh after each cleansing , I would recommend this to anyone !
 this is the only exfoliator i use . i alternate this with purity made simple . i love philosophy ! think i got ta try a moisturizer by them soon .
 It is better then great . I love how soft it makes my skin feel after each and every use . Also , and most importantly , you can use Philosophy Microdelivery exfoliating wash everyday . I hope Amazon will continue to offer this product .
 Great face wash . I have combination skin and have tried everything from Pro-Activ to Clinique . But I started using this and my skin has never been better , exfoliating but still gentle enough to use everyday .
 I read all of the reviews and found them helpful . Yes , the top does clog a bit but it 's not that big of a deal.After using , my face feels clean but not dry . I bought the 16 oz bottle and it will last me a LONG , LONG time !
 Works well , a little more drying than just using the purity cleanser , and no toner -LRB- like purity cleanser contains -RRB- I like to mix them !
 I love this product . Works on any type of skin without drying it . I wo n't use anything else.I surely recommend it .
 Excellent product for everyday use and perfect with Miami weather . My skin has never looked so good . I highly recommend it .
 Your skin becomes noticeably smoother and softer after use . Clears up your skin with in the first week or two of use . Would highly recommend alone with the purity cleanser .
 I love this product , it 's good for my skin and you can feel the difference after using it . Fast delivery and reasonable price at Amazon .
 This is simply the best gentle exfoliating system ever !!! I have tried just about every brand of exfoliating gels , soap , etc. but this one stands out above the rest . Gentle , but thorough exfoliation that leaves the skin soft , brighter , and seems to remove or lighten the dark spots pretty well . The smell is tantilizing and fresh . With the 32oz bottle , it could last me the rest of my life !!! I 'm hooked on this product and have recommended this to all my friends and family . With diligent use , you will notice the difference right away . I use my clarisonic with this product once a day . Amazing product , amazing results . Thanks Philosophy ! You 're a winner in my book .
 Great exfoliator ! This product can be used daily , but I just use it a couple of times a week for a great skin pick-me-up .
 I am 40 years old female who has frequent problems with my skin . Sometimes it 's acne , sometimes it 's just skin that is not clear-cleaning looking skin . Even wearing good make-up does not cover the fact that your skin is not healthy . After using this product for a week , I have noticed a tremendous difference . My skin is glowing and people have noticed -LRB- actually asking if I 'm using a different type of make-up -RRB- . It 's not the make-up , it 's my skin . This products works and it is easy to use . I feel better about myself more today than I did last week . I 'm ready for the world !!!!
 I bought this for post-pregnancy dry skin and it worked wonders . It does a great job of clearing up dry skin while moisturizing . I also use Hope in a Jar afterward .
 This is a really great product to use on your face . I love that it has a light exfoliation to give you a deep clean feeling . I especially love it in the summer when my face is sometimes sunburned . The exfoliants are that gentle .
 I love this productI have used it for a couple of years nowIt is very gentle but really exfoliatesIt leaves my skin so soft , this largecontainer is so great you can use itall over your body !
 Another great philosophy product . While you can feel the granules , they are not too large or harsh . I can use this everyday without any problem , and it makes my face feel so smooth .
 My wife and I received the 32 oz Philosophy Microdelivery Exfoliating Wash as a gift . This is a fantastic facial cleanser !! We have used similar products that will often make your face break out after use , but we have not had that problem with this product . It has a wonderful scent and exfoliates very well . It has lots of very fine grit that will scrub your face deep down . It removes the oil on your face but does n't over dry . We have been using this large 32 oz size for almost a year now and it 's only about half gone so this product will last a long time . I highly recommend this product .
 Product is okay . Not totally thrilled with it.Seems to me it 's rather expensive for what you get and for what you are doing.I 'll finish the bottle ... will i buy again ? Nope , do n't think so.April 3 , 2012Will I buy it again ? You betcha and wo n't buy any other competing product because it works worders!I have , for over 20 years , had these tiny cists underneath my eyes . Drs. have told me various things about them
 I just started using this last night and it made my skin feel more radiant and healthier after just one use . I feel like exfoliators are definitely helpful in making my moisturizer more effective . This product is gentle and I have dry skin that flakes a lot .
 In just a short time my skin looks as good as when I was spending $ 150 a month for derma abrasion treatments . Philosophy has a great cleansing soap and lip scrub as well .
 This product is one of those that make you wonder how you ever managed without it ! I use philosophy Purity before bed each night , and use the Microdelivery Wash every morning . It has the most effective , yet gentlest exfoliation I 've ever used . There 's nothing quite like it . Your skin will feel brand new every morning and your mirror will thank you for it ! Get it !!
 Best stuff I ever used to clear my face and I tried everything else . . when I used this it worked instantly
 I like this exfoliate because you can use it everyday ; it 's mild enough for normal and oily skin and it does n't strip your skin of its natural oils . I like to use it in the morning ; I use Purity Made Simple at night to take off any makeup or just the days impurities . I use this product every day and I will continue .
 This product is expensive but I think it is worth the money ! The bottle is hugh and is sure to last a long while . I 've only used it once it felt great on my skin nothing signficant to report at this time .
 I got this as a sample from sephora , and had to buy it . It is wonderful . My face feels so good and clean after using this . It 's my first philosophy product and I love it . A little bit goes a long way . I have to hide it from my husband because he wants to use all the time as well .
 I love this product ! Have used it for several years . The only problem I have with this order is that the pump does not work .
 Really like this product . Not too harsh but gets the job of exfoliation done . I actually use it with my Clarisonic cleaning brush and it works great !
 First off , I have very sensitive skin . I can never use a product without it drying out my skin or making my face turn red for days . Even the sensitive skin products turn my face red if I use them every day . This is the FIRST product that has yet to either of those things . It has cleared up my complextion , made my skin softer and since you do n't have to use very much of it , lasts a long time . When I saw the $ 24 price tag , I was a little put off . It is worth it . I recommend this product to everyone and will continue to use it every day .
 In the summer , I use this every morning . It does just what it should do without making my skin irritated . My skin is pretty resilient to irritants , luckily , so your mileage may vary . The grit is very fine , so you can scrub really hard or really lightly , depending on what 's going on with your skin . It washes off easily ; I rinse with just water . I used to use all Philosophy products . I 've since moved on , but this is one of the two that I think will never be replaced .
 I loved this ! I love the little exfoliaters in it . They are n't too rough and they make the skin feel extraordinary . I loved how this and the hope in a jar moisturizer would make my face feel and look but the moisturizer was just too gross . If I had a moisturizer to follow this up with I would definitely get this again .
 I have experienced acne since I was in fourth grade and have spent probably thousands of dollars on different over the counter and prescription treatments . I have also dealt with a lot of mixed emotions regarding my appearance and there is no doubt that I have had more than one or two comments about the bumps on my face . My sister suggested this product after trying it for herself and I was a bit hesitant at first . For the most part , whenever I would change my face wash , I would break out even more than what was already present . However , I have been using this product for about two weeks now and I am , in all reality , shocked . My face is clearing up and I actually have pretty nice skin underneath those bumps ! Even though I just started using this twice a day , I feel more confident and I really could not be happier . I definitely suggest this product to anyone who has had some difficult times due to using products that never , ever worked .
 I have been using Philosophy Microdelivery Face Wash for about a month , it is the best exfoliator that I have used . It 's gentle on the face/neck and leaves your skin feeling clean and soft . I alternate this with Purity , am hooked on both products .
 I really like this stuff and use it every night . I try to get the grid out of my face from a day in a dusty location.It is pretty pricey.I found Equate Apricot scrub for less then $ 3.00 for 8 oz tube and like that even better.Philosophy has nice products but all way over priced .
 I know most peolpe use this for gentle facial exfoliation , however , I use it daily on my entire body as a pre-cleanser . It makes my shower gels go on a lot more smooth and my moisturizer glides on and lasts all day . But the best thing that I can say is that my husband loves the way my skin feels so much that he even falls asleep rubbing me , and let me tell you that 's fantastic after 22 years of marriage .
 I first tried this product in a kit with other Philosophy items and loved it . It makes your face really clean and is very gentle on the sensitive skin on your face .
 Well I do love this product . I gives a gentle exfoliation which keeps you complexion fresh and bright in a natural healthy way.I use this once a day , its not too harsh on my 40 + skin . Thanks Philosophy !
 I purchased this product to use with my new Clairsonic cleansing system . This works well enough just by itself !! I use a nickle size amount for my face and neck , massage it in then use a small buffer pad ... buffer on one side , mild loofah on the other to help with the exfoliation . My skin feels so soft after using and it 's gentle enough to use daily . My skin stays soft throughout the day . It even makes the dry patches on my forehead and bridge of my nose/beween my eyebrows feel soft & smooth . I 'm so happy I bought the very large 32oz bottle . This product is definitely not a waste of money .
 The best face wash ever . It 's an exfoliator that 's gentle . So gentle that you can use it everyday . I bought this one for my stepson because he kept using mine . So now we have one in the upstairs shower and one in the downstairs shower . Your face feels so clean after using this that you wonder how you ever did without.Philosophy The Microdelivery Exfoliating Wash 32 oz
 This is the best exfoliating wash I have ever used ! The microdelivery exfoliating wash has super fine exfoliating particles that scrub away all the dead skin without being too abrasive . After one wash you will reveal smoother , brighter skin . You can even mix with purity made simple for a 2-in-1 , especially for those who ca n't use traditional exfoliating washes . I will never go without , this is my absolute favorite product by philosophy .
 Had tried Purity before , this is the first I 've used Philosophy and I like it even better .
 Very nice alternating from Purity to this . I definitely feel the difference in how soft my skin is after using . Will continue to use this product .
 I used this for a long time now . I have problem skin , and must use this every morning . I 've used other brands , but always go back to philosophy .
 I searched all over the internet for a product that was reasonably priced and effective . Within the first time of using this product , I had a soft pink glow . My bumpy skin was converted into smoothness . So far so good !
 I use this wash almost daily in the shower and it really wakes up and softens my face . I 've been using it for years and am very happy with the product .
 I have been using the Philosophy wash for ca. 6 years , about 4x a week . I find it a perfect compromise between harsher exfoliants and a gentle face wash . One reviewer noted that the pump did n't work ; I buy a larger size and reuse one of the smaller , pumpless bottles . My only issue is that it frequently clogs whatever nozzle I use . But I would n't want Philosophy to change the consistency .
 I like the philosophy product line , which is what made me buy this product from philosophy . I would say that It 's an okay product when it comes to exfoliating . Neither I can say it 's great nor I hate . It 's not too bad .
 I 've been using this product for about a year , and it is wonderful . For older people who still have breakouts , it does a great job of preparing skin to better absorb acne products . It also makes make-up smooth on better . I use it daily , and it has definitely improved my skin - both the skin tone and clarity . I highly recommend it .
 Received this product as a sample from Nordstrom and once I ran out I purchased a full size bottle . AMAZING everyday exfoliating wash !
 I 'm always looking for the best exfoliating cleanser , so I figured I 'd try the Philosophy product.First thing you notice is that it can come out sort of runny and thin ... seems to be important to give it a good shake to mix things up . The fragrance is mild and barely noticeable . I like the beads - they 're small , more like grains of fine sand than anything . It also rinses off cleanly without residue.Seems to work well ... after a few days , your skin seems fresher and smoother , although in my case , also somewhat drier - switching to an every-other-day schedule solves that . Bottom line is that it seems about average for the better products . Worth a try , especially if you like Philosophy products generally .
 For me this product is a must-have . Usually order it directly from Philosphy but found the quick delivery and economical price on Amazon too good to pass up . Some prefer the purity cleanser and I sometimes use it but for aging skin I like a good exfoliator . This is it . It is mild but effective . Matter of fact I use this with my Clarisonic and have no irritation . For me this 16 ounce bottle should last a year if used twice daily . There is not perfume smell nor chemical smell to this product -- just clean smelling . Your face will love it !
 I have thick , oily skin and using this product after washing with neem soap has transformed my skin . I was impressed with the softness of the granules and the fact that it did n't have perfume to make me sneeze . I have switched from a Clinique roduct to this one and definitely a satisfied customer . Highly recommended .
 I use this product in the evening in the shower . It polishes my skin without scrubbing too hard and cleanses at the same time . Although this scrub does cleanse , it wo n't take off mascara and is a bit too rough on the delicate eye area . Some people may prefer to use it as their AM cleanser . Although the price seems high , it only takes a quarter-sized dollop to do my face , neck , chest , and shoulders ; it 's a good value because it goes a LONG way . MDW does have a fragrance , which is n't exactly pleasant or unpleasant , but the smell does n't linger on the skin .
 For those of us who not only want clean faces but also want a good scrubbing we have the perfect medium
 I love Philosophy 's Microdelivery Exfoliating Wash - it 's gentle , yet I can see the changes - my skin is BEAUTIFUL . I used to have dark spots due to having a pimple here and there , but most have faded . If you get the 32 ounce , it lasts at least 8 months . Mine has lasted a little over a year . Sometimes I use once a week , sometimes I use it daily , in the mornings . I also use it on my body , but now that the M/D Body Wash is out , I 'll try that . Thank you , thank you , thank you PHILOSOPHY - `` Beautiful skin in in ! ''
 I love this product . Prior to trying this , I would use Philosophy 's Purity morning and night with my Clarisonic and had great results . But I wanted to try an exfoliating wash , it just sounded like it would give me a slightly deeper clean , and it really does . I use this now every morning and love how my skin feels after . The wash is a very fine grain and can safely be used once or even twice a day.My only issue is n't with the wash itself , I 'll continue to purchase and use this in the future , but with a 32 oz size , the pump worked fine through the first half of the bottle , but clogged up shortly after I passed the halfway point . Now , is this surprising , really ? No . The wash is grainy , and of course the chance of clogging up the pump is there , but with this size bottle , it 's awkward to use when the pump is n't an option . And yes , I tried washing the pump out , but it did n't work . I finally just poured the remaining wash into a smaller unused Purity bottle.Overall , fantastic product that gives me great results and is worth the price . Be prepared to deal with the pump . It 's not difficult to find another option if it clogs up , but it 's just a small hassle .
 I have been using it for a few weeks now , every morning under the shower . It cleans my sensitive and water-oil imbalanced skin well , and leaves a smooth , clear finish . My breakouts of acnes seem to be less . Good product , better than dozens of various facial scrub/cleansers I have used over the last few years .
 I 've used this for a long time and have seen friends , husband , family start also after trying mine . Great price from this vendor . Delivery time was unbelievably quick . Would buy again and have told others about this .
 I absolutely love this face wash . Was so excited when I found a supersized bottle on here for a great price !!! Shipping was fast too .
 I am on my second round of Accutane , so my skin is very dry and sensitive to the products I use on it . I switch off between this and myPhysiodermie - Shower Hydrating Milk SL - 200ml . I will use this if I have more dead skin on my face and I need more exfoliation . It has a super fine grittiness , but is n't like a scrub . Not nearly enough grit to be a scrub . It removes a full face of makeup with little effort , too . It is very gentle and I adore it . The smell , however , is gross . I have never liked it . Smells like oatmeal and clay . Ick .
 I love Philosophy products but this is one of the best . Leaves your facial skin feeling soft , smooth and hydrated.Great for the rest of your skin too !
 this was the first time I used this product and I 'm glad I did because it works so well at exfoliating my face ! I can instantly see a difference in the texture and smoothness of my complexion . My make up glides on after using this product . This one bottle has lasted me since March and still have plenty left . You only need a small amount to get the job done . I will continue to buy this product because it 's a MUST HAVE !
 Another great product from Philosophy , and like all Philosophy skin care you only need the SMALLEST amount ! So this will last you forever . There is no other exfoliant out there quite like this one ... feel so good on the skin , even my skin that is so very sensitive with rosacea .
 This is a wonderful product !! I first received it as a sample when making an online purchase from Nordstrom . I quickly fell in love . I 've kept the travel size bottle , and ordered this larger version to refill it so that I do n't have an abundance of products in my bathroom . I use it in the mornings to wash my face and it is not rough and does not dry my skin out at all . I moisturize with a Murad SPF30 facial moisturizer and am loving the results .
 After a daily sweaty workout , I love the clean this does to my face . And a 16oz bottle lasts almost 5 months ! Leaves me with a fresh face every time , recommended by my skin care professional .
 This is an amazing daily face wash . It exfoliates the skin without drying it . It leaves the skin feeling soft and clean . It is one face that I may not be able to give up on although it is pricey .
 This is the best facial cleanser for sensitive skin . It removes all makeup quickly and rinses clean . I have tried many cleansers in mysixty-four-year lifetime , and this one beats all . My skin is very dry and reacts to many face creams and cleansers . This is worth a try , at least .
 This microdelivery exfoliating wash has become part of my morning routine . I absolutely love the way it makes my skin look and feel . It 's not rough on your skin at all . I 've tried many different exfoliating washes and have noticed they either use large , rough shells or grains that irritate your skin or they have a heavy , oily feel . This one is different . The consistency is gel-like , and the grains are very , very fine . When you massage it into your skin for 30-40 seconds , it feels like getting a facial . When you wash it away , it just leaves your skin feeling clean without leaving redness . The more I use it , the better my skin looks .
 I love this wash because I feel like it is very gentle on my skin while still doing an excellent job at exfoliating . It 's scent and dye-free which is great because I have very sensitive skin and the beads are not too abrasive . Overall , it does a great job at keeping dry flakes away and I believe it helps loosen blackheads which really amps up the effectivness of other products I use to extract them .
 I ordered this as a less expensive option . I normally use Dermalogica 's micro-exofilaint . Not only does this work better as it is a wash , you also get way more for the money . With the Dermalogica powder , it was difficult to get the right ammount out , and for how huge the bottle is , you do n't get nearly any product . This is light enough that I do n't feel like my face is being scratched -LRB- IE . St. Ives Apricot Scrub -RRB- but I can definitely feel it working . Will buy this again !
 I am 55 years old and this product has taken years off my face . I was stunned after three or four days of using it how smooth and even my skin was , I was glowing like when I was pregnant and the pores that have haunted me for years were virtually gone . I am a Philosophy die hard fan ; their Miracle in a Jar and and Hope in a Tube are two other products that make my day , but the Miocrodelivery Face Wash is by far the greatest thing ever . People can make comments about the price , which really is n't that bad , and the way I look at it , you get what you pay for . If you want to spend $ 7 on some half-baked face wash that does nothing , that 's fine ... but if you spend $ 25 your face will never be the same -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . Plus you do n't need much , so you are absolutely getting your money 's worth , and more . Why would you try and get a cheaper product to do , and then does n't , what this one promises and then delivers ? If you are sceptical , trust me and all these other ravers -- you wo n't be sorry .
 I have sensitive , dry skin and always seem to have problems finding a good face wash . I need something that really scrubs without leaving me looking red and irritated and a wash that does n't dry out my skin too much . I had tried many other products and given up on finding something that works . I read lots of reviews raving about the Hope in a Jar and decided to give it a try . I must say I am very pleased . I have been using this product for over a week and am amazed at how good my skin now looks . I started out only scrubbing for 30 seconds in the shower to test it . After one use I was amazed at how smooth my skin felt and how well it took the toner and moisturizer after -LRB- I am using Body Shop vitamin e toner and lotion -RRB- . After a week my skin is much improved and my husband loves the way it feels so much that he even tried it . -LRB- I may have to hide it from him as I think he likes it too much ! -RRB- . I ca n't wait to try some of the other products in this line . Love it !
 this formula is amazing , i love the texture . a bit expensive , but worth it , will buy again .
 I bought this after reading a review in a magazine , and I 'm so glad I did , it 's gentle enough that I do n't need a moisturizer , but it really does exfoliate . Highly recommended ! -LRB- this is replacing proactiv for me -RRB-
 I only have the sample size of this currently , but I love it so much I 'm going to order the full one as soon as I can ! I use it with myOlay Professional Pro-X Advanced Cleansing Systemand afterwards my skin feels amazing . I think scrubbing it in with your hands feels a bit too gritty for my taste but with the pro-x it 's perfect . I ca n't comment on how similar it is to a proper microdermabrasion since I 've never had one , but I do n't think I 'd need one using this ! The only bad thing I can really think of is the smell , but it 's certainly bearable and by no means a deal-breaker . note
 I bought this to replace my 3/4in flatiron , which still works , but it constantly snags my hair , so I 've been getting lots of breakage . This new one has n't snagged a single hair since I 've started using it . The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that because of the steam , it does n't completely straighten my bangs , but causes some wave in the under-layer , which looks strange . I have to go over my bangs more with this flatiron , but because I 'm not damaging my hair as much , I do n't really mind . Also , the directions were n't clear about how to fill the reservoir with water . I had to fiddle around with it until I figured it out -LRB- thank goodness I did n't break it by filling it incorrectly -RRB- . This will be great for traveling too , because it has a locking mechanism to keep the iron snapped shut -LRB- takes up less room in a suitcase -RRB- . For the price , it 's really a steal of a deal !
 I use this blow dryer at least 4x/week and so far so good . I have had it for about a month now . The only complaint I have is that the concetrator falls off really easily . Then , if I want to put it back on , I have to wait at least 5 minutes , because it is too hot to touch . So basically , I do half my hair with the concentrator on the blow dryer , and once it falls off -LRB- cause it always does -RRB- I just do the rest of my hair without it . Other than that , a good product for the money !
 I used to have a Vidal Sassoon hair dryer and it last long like 3years or maybe more . I bought this other one.Their hair dryers are the best so far almost professional ! They blow a decent hot air which saves u time And make ur hair has a style , by the way I have a thick but smooth wavy hair and it 's colored which makes it harder to blow!I definitely recommend it as the best in the market now and one of the strongest hair dryers!I will always buy this brand of hair dryers because now I trust them .
 This is by far the best blow dryer I have ever owned . It works great on me and even better on my mini poodle . He gets a bath every week and using the high speed with the warm setting he drys really quickly . I would recommend it to everyone .
 The product works perfectly . Other dryers suck my wifes hair into the intake , very fine hair . This dryer does not do that . When she is happy so am
 I like it ! Now it takes only five minutes to dry my hair -LRB- long and thick Asian hair -RRB- ! It 's really huge though .
 I seriously have the thickest most ridiculously hard to dry hair and I can get my whole head done in under 10 minutes , I mean , that 's pretty fabulous ! I have a one year old and do not have time to fool around with drying my hair and I was in serious need of finding this product . Love it !
 Pros &#8226; lightweight -LRB- best feature -RRB- &#8226; strong force of air if you want it &#8226; multiple heat controlsCons &#8226; I do n't think the diffuser does much , but I really do n't care about that .
 I bought this hair dryer for the 2 speed settings and 3 temps and it works very well . The only complaint I have is that the `` hot '' setting is not quite hot enough for me since I style my hair with a round metal brush while drying , but it still works o.k. . So far it is a good product .
 I was pleasantly surprised to find this hair dryer lived up to it 's claims . I am very happy about this purchase and would recommend it to my friends .
 Bought this for the wife . The hair dryer she can not destroy in a very limited period of time has yet to be invented . I have tried buying expensive dryers thinking they would last longer . That was an illusion . No need to spend big bucks cause they all seem to have a very limited life span . This one works just as well as the $ 70 unit it replaced . If it lasts 6 - 12 months I will be well satisfied .
 i love it . it works on any kind of hair and gets the job done fast love it !!!!! i would tell any one to buy it !
 As long as my wife loves it ... I 'm happy . She loves red and finally she has one with all the features she desires in a hair dryer .
 Ca n't complain about the quality of this product . It 's very much appreciated around here . Everyone is using it to dry their hair .
 Thank you for having this available for me to purchase at a decent price ! A welcome addition to my wife 's beautiy gadgets .
 It is easy to use and works great . I have been using since it came and It works as described .
 It makes my hair straight . I love it . The smaller nozzel focuses the heat where i want it . Strong and powerful .
 Great hairdryer ! I love the multi settings to dry your hair and it was exactly what I was looking for as a gift for my daughter . She wanted the Ion tool so it was perfect for her . Thanks .
 Not sure if the ions do anything , that seems a little gimmicky . But the airflow , speed , and design of this hair dryer are all excellent .
 This dryer does a good job and was n't too expensive . It has several different settings available . I am pleased with this purchase .
 I bought this dryer to replace a virtually identical but much older Vidal Sassoon hair dryer -LRB- the VS781 -RRB- , which had finally stopped working after probably a decade . The thing I liked most about the older dryer , and which I like about this one -LRB- which is basically the same dryer with a new color and model number -RRB- , is that it does n't get excessively hot even on the highest setting , and does n't blow as hard as most other dryers.For someone with thick hair this might be a real problem , but I 've got very thin , fine , slightly frizzy hair that does n't benefit from a strong airflow . Most hair dryers , even on lower speeds , dry sections of my hair so rapidly that I do n't have a proper chance to style them with a brush , and the rest of my rather sparse hair gets whipped around as if in a tornado . That does n't happen with this Vidal Sassoon model . The oval-shaped barrel seems to also help concentrate the airflow.I also like the fact that this dryer has three heat settings and two speed settings which can be selected independently . With some dryers high speed is paired with high heat whether you want it or not.The ionic setting on this dryer DOES make a difference and makes my hair a tad smoother - however it also tends to make it more limp . So as a rule , I use the dryer with the ion setting in the `` off '' position except when drying the ends of my shoulder-length hair . Probably someone with thick , coarse hair would n't have this issue.I 've had this dryer for only about 5 weeks , so it 's too early to comment on whether it 's built to last - I was definitely lucky to get so many years out of my older model . This model might not be just right for every head of hair , but for mine , it 's perfect . I hope Vidal Sassoon continues making this type of dryer for a long time .
 I could n't find a Vidal Sassoon full-sized dryer in town . I 've had no trouble with this one . It does what it is supposed to do . I like the features of different speeds and temperature settings . I 've been buying this brand for some time now . Hair dryers do n't last forever , you have to get a new one every few years . I use it every day and it gets a lot of use . Highly recommend it !
 So far , in the month that I have had this dryer , it has NEVER disappointed . It is light and easy to use . It comes with the 2 attachments for diffuse or pointing.Great dryer especially for the price.I have not had a `` bad hair day '' since I have this.Recommend totally .
 I was somewhat skeptical about this new ION technology , but I 'm now a believer . I have fine thinning hair . The ION setting truly does increase hair density and minimizes frizz . I do n't know how it would do for thicker hair , but it is neither too hot or too cool . The additional speeds and heat settings provide plenty of choices . I 'm very pleased ... especially for the price .
 I have thick hair that is a few inches past my shoulders . I dry my hair on the high hot setting . I used this for the first time yesterday and the dryer shut off halfway through the drying process . I know it is because of the safety feature that turns it off once it is too hot . I pushed the button on the plug to reset the dyrer and it turned back on for a few more seconds of drying then shut off . I turned the heat setting down to warm and was able to finish drying my hair . I do not recommend this for anyone that has thick hair that takes a while to dry like mine . It does dry sections quickly , but not quickly enough for my hair type .
 Bought this model a few years ago and I really like it because the high setting speed is just right for styling your hair ... some other dryers I have blow too fast on the high setting . This model 's high setting is a good speed and allows you to dry your hair without it blowing all over the place . Also it is light and well balanced so holding it while drying is very comfortable . I recently bought 2 more in case the manufacturer decides to stop production .
 This dryer offers all the options you need and delivers the good solid service in an almost professional manner . I find it easy to use and very effective and easy to move around . Three speeds and heat levels give you every option plus it has an ionic mode as well . For the money a very good purchase .
 I have dry hair that tends to split ends and I have started to wear my hair longer . The blow drier is not too noisy and the temperature settings , warm and hot do the job . I find the handle to be a little bit on the small size . In the winter I do tend to get static in my hair , so I decided to buy this model with the ionizing feature . Since this is Spring , the air has had enough humidity that I have not yet been able to figure out if this feature is worth it.I like that this blow drier has an extra long cord and an outlet safety switch . This switch does tend to block the outlet above it , so some people may find this a bit inconvenient on a crowded bathroom electrical plug setup -LRB- I just installed a power strip on my bathroom wall -RRB- . So far I have been very happy with this blow drier .
 We used to have a professional hair dryer but to heavy so i replaced it for this one and I 'm very happy with it !
 Not bad , does a good job but feels a little cheap . Description says full size dryer but could have a little more power . Does n't look or feel like a real expensive hair dryer ... But I guess you ca n't really expect that for around twenty bucks .
 Good effective dryer for the price.Because of the way the dryer is built , the attachment pieces can not be twisted to an angle I 'm comfortable with .
 Bought this model for its separate heat and speed controls , and I 'm pleased with the results . Unlike some reviewers , I find the temperature separation between cool - warm - hot good , with each setting producing noticeable but not extreme temperature change . The cool shot button also works well , and is easy to use and hold in.My biggest complaint is that the hanging loop built into the cord is very small , and it requires that I install a new hanger for the blow dryer . Then again , I bought the product to dry my hair , and hanging / storing it is a very , very minor issue .
 Two other hair dryers died in one week . This came quickly , and in good condition . I seems to do a good job , and to offer options for heat and power . I 'd purchase from the vendor again .
 The hairdryer looks elegant , of very light weight . I used HIGH warm speed to blow dry then used Medium Hot to style my BOB.I do have some problem though to set the right side of my hair using my left hand . It is not very intuitive with the design of the shape .
 I literally get my hair dry in 3 minutes . The ion tech helps the hair from being freezie . Not a big fan of the big attachment , its too big for my head . Overall a great product . Must buy .
 BOUGHT THIS FOR MY WIFE WITCH HAS A LOT OF HAIR AND IS VERY PICKY ON WHAT SHE USES FOR IT . SHE LOVE THIS HAIR DRYER MORE THAN THE ONE IVE BOUGHT IN THE PAST , WHICH WERE REALLY EXPENSIVE.THIS IS A GREAT BUY , AND WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE .
 This hair dryer works great . My hair is dry in no time at all . Ca n't beat the price either .
 Her hair looks much healthier too , since we replaced the older , non-ionic hair dryer . I bought this after reading a review about it on another website , and figured it was worth a try since it was so inexpensive . She 's already got my money 's worth out of it !
 I had been using an awful 8 year old , non-ionized dryer until I purchased this one ... and I can not say enough good about this product . The temperature and output controls are fantastic ; it was definitely worth the money .
 I have a weakness for Vidal Sassoon but this blowdryer did n't blow my mind . lol . However , it 's extremely light which makes it very easy to handle . I ca n't say it 's too powerful either . Also , I thought the diffuser was going to be bigger , but it does its job pretty well as it is . I have a LOT of curly hair and if I use the Warm setting it takes a century to dry it , so I have to use the Hot setting . Thank god it does n't burn my hair which is why I gave it 4 stars .
 It feels like cheap plastic to the touch but it ' s a pretty decent hair drier for the price . One thing i did n't like is that the concentrator can only be put one one way -LRB- like in the pis -RRB- because the opening is oval rather than round , i had a feeling it was oval as the picture was n't too clear . I like holding the hair dryer in a different way but with the concentrator being oval i can not adjust it to my needs .
 I have had the same Vidal Sassoon dryer for years . Someone big stepped on the plug which made it unsafe to use . I love this dryer , it 's exactly what I 've been using ! I 'm totally satisfied with the purchase ... thanks for the quick delivery !
 This dryer is one the best I had ever used . It does not take long to dry my hair . I would recommend this dryer .
 I bought this product in order to use it when I moved , I tried it and it seems pretty good .
 I bought this product almost a year ago and it is still going strong . Very comfortable to use and does not strain my arm as much as other heavier dryers . It get 's the job done with the right amount of heat setting . The hottest setting is n't too hot and the cold setting is just right . I 'm very happy with my purchase !
 first of all exellent shipping got here fastthis dryer leaves my hair soft and shiny , i have curly hair and my hair ends up curlier and all in placeall in all i give this 4 thumbs up ... this product is so fetch !
 These folks in `` Health/Beauty/Care '' have these things from $ 1 to $ 12 . I 'm gon na buy five of THESE.It is cheaper , and the unusual shape will make it possible to get tothat tiny area between the bottom of my toes and the front of the restof my foot.Unfortunate me ! The older I get , the less teeth , hair , hearing , andeyesight I have ; with increased pain , and -- of course -- unwanted hairIN my EARS and nose -- which seem to be getting B-I-G-G-E-R ! At least I can do SOMETHING about my hardening feet !
 I 've had countless colognes and this is by far my favorite . I wish they would make it into a permanent summer scent , but in case they do n't I bought three bottles ... enough said !
 are there 2 version ??? a friend of mine has the same fragrance , but comes in a different bottle ... and smells slightly different . . hm .
 I 've used Calvin Klein colognes for years and Eternity for men is one of the best . I worked at a restaurant for years and always wore Eternity . Women of all ages would gather around to sniff me . I would recommend this product to any man who wants a light clean smell . It has a refreshing smell , and since it 's stong you do n't have to bathe in it , it lasts long while . A worthwhile purchase .
 Wonderful , crisp cool summer smell . My husband smells wonderful wearing this . My favorite smell of the summer.Gabby
 i think its great that amazon had this stores were out till next summer
 Oat Protein adds body and shine to your hair and Babassu Oil helps to restore the strength of your hair . Using this volumizing conditioner after the volumizing shampoo completes the sensory experience . The conditioner never feels heavy , although this conditioner will work very well as a shave cream.No ParabensNo Harsh Preservatives100 % Vegetarian Ingredients ~ The Rebecca Review
 A few years ago , when I started noticing a dandruff problem , I began using Denorex shampoo -LRB- the coal-tar formula -RRB- . The Denorex definitely solved the dandruff problem , but I was never really comfortable with the tingling sensation it produced and the fact that it did n't seem to get my hair as clean as I wished -LRB- still leaving `` greasy '' hair after showering -RRB- . So , on one trip to my local department store , I picked up a bottle of Head & Shoulders Dandruff Shampoo
 Head & Shoulders is still my favorite dandruff shampoo , as to price and results ; some dandruff shampoos may work better , but they cost up to three times as much .
 A few years ago , when I started noticing a dandruff problem , I began using Denorex shampoo -LRB- the coal-tar formula -RRB- . The Denorex definitely solved the dandruff problem , but I was never really comfortable with the tingling sensation it produced and the fact that it did n't seem to get my hair as clean as I wished -LRB- still leaving `` greasy '' hair after showering -RRB- . So , on one trip to my local department store , I picked up a bottle of Head & Shoulders Dandruff Shampoo
 I received this product as a gift in May 2005 . When I put it on my Christmas list , no one could find it to purchase at local stores . They were told that stores only carried it in the summer . It is a beautiful , light scent that appeals to me all year . As summer 2006 drew near , I was able to find it in the Macy 's near my home , or so I thought . I bought another product with a similar name by Calvin Klein -LRB- having the word `` summer '' in the name of the new product was confusing -RRB- . I finally found it here and am again delighted with the flowery , yet clean scent .
 This is the best of all of the Eternity 's . It 's subtle and has really amazing lasting power . Even those who do n't love the original Eternity will love this one . A perfect summer scent .
 I first bought this perfume about 5 years ago and have used it interchangeably ever since . It 's hard to find in the stores in the off-summer seasons , but I found it here . Quick shipping and a great price - I 'll be back !
 Eternity Summer Perfume - Love It . And will order it again from Amazon.I have ordered several things from Amazon and `` Never '' have had any trouble with my orders .
 I 'm an esthetician -LRB- skin care therapist -RRB- for over twenty , and I 'm still to find something better than these products , it does not exist . Yes , I know it 's a bit expensive , but when you see the results you 'll know what I 'm talking about , also , this is to be used with another product , and that is the hydration 5 b , and you can purchase them together in a kit .
 I do n't buy anything without consulting Paula Begoun 's Beautipedia web site . She sorts out the frauds from the effectives and has saved me a fortune that I might otherwise have spent on useless products . Use Cellex-C each morning under your makeup , but before your sunscreen . You wo n't get instant gratification , but you 'll see excellent results in the form of better skin texture after a few weeks with consistent use . Do n't waste your money on the Hydra 5 B Complex companion product - Check out how I found self-acceptance at a med spa and did n't spend a dime - -LSB- ... -RSB- / . My article also has a link to other beauty products that really work - I use them all and Paula Begoun blesses them on her list too .
 I have used this product for years after learning about it from my plastic surgeon 's Spa Office . It has delayed wrinkles for years . I love it .
 Have strayed away , but always seem to come back to Cellex-C . Yes it is pricey , but it does what it claims . The other high dollar crap you buy at department stores do n't hold a candle to this stuff .
 I really love this serum ; I 've tried many -LRB- some expensive too -RRB- but this one really a difference in my skin -LRB- for the good -RRB- . Pores look much smaller and complexion improved -LRB- much more glow -RRB-
 I have tried many vitamin C serums , and always come back to the Cellex-C Advanced Serum . It is somewhat expensive , but from the ones I have tried , this is the one that gives me the best results . I also like that it is not a bit greasy feeling like some I have tried . The simple ingredient list is also a plus to me .
 This seller is so quick with the shipping , I did n't expect to get this perfume as quickly as I did . Also , the perfume is amazing ! It 's a cologne spray which makes it the least concentrated on the perfume spectrum but let me tell you something , this lasts forever on fabrics ! I sprayed this on my jacket before traveling and it 's been 5 days and my jacket still smells like sugar cookies . Absolutely superb !
 It smells amazing , sweet and spicy then fades to a soft vanilla powder scent after a while . It does n't last as long as i wish it would but while the scent is active , it is pure bliss
 I ca n't believe Calvin Klein are screwing with this . This is the best one and is becoming more and more dificult to get hold of.It smells better than the spray and stays on my skin all night long , the sprays fade.BRING THIS BACK PLEASE .
 I will order again and again . I just love this scent . I believe this will replace Chanel Allure as my signature scent . More affordable and just as sexy . Love it !!!
 I just love this fragrance and it 's hard to find . I can always rely on Amazon to have what I need and to sell it for a reasonable price !
 I bought this item for my wife 's cousin . She likes it a lot . The fragrance is very good . Good product to be given as a gift .
 I have been looking for this fragrance for some time . I was so excited to see it on Amazon ! One of Calvin Klein 's best . Thanks !!!
 This has been my signature fragrance for the last 10 years . I hope they never discontinue it.Its just perfect and I always get compliments on it.Its not floral at the same time its not too musky.Love it !! Love it !! Love it !!!
 I purchased my favorite Truth Parfum just thinking I would havea regular size bottle . Wow ! it was a really large bottle and Iam very satisfied with it and it smells Divine !!!
 I am so disappointed I am unable to find this perfume in any stores ! I am glad I am able to find it on line !!! Truth is a light & refreshing essence ! Unlike so many of Calvin 's other perfumes -- which I find too heavy -- truth envelopes me with light floral aromas ! I need to find lotion !
 Truth by Calvin Klein has been my favorite for over 8 years . My recent purchase delivered was excellent . I have tried ordering from several online perfumeries as well as an occasional retail outlet that carries Truth . Not all are the same quality which led me to the realization that I needed to find another perfume that fits me . Not having any success in finding that perfect scent , I decided to try ordering Truth one more time . Voila ! I am happy knowing that I can still find the quality of Truth . I was happy with the delivery and will order from the same supplier again . Jewel
 This has been my favorite perfume for over 10 years ! It 's the ONLY perfume that I ever get compliments from others when I wear it . Like most women I own a variety of perfumes from Victoria Secret , Bath & Body Works & many other designer names , but this one is my `` signature '' one . I can put it on at 6 am , & at 10 pm have someone tell me `` wow , you smell good '' ! It 's not an overpowering fragrance at all , but is still long-lasting .
 I have been a fan of Truth by Calvin Klein for years . Unfortunately , I started noticing that I could no longer purchase it at the perfume counter of any store because it was no longer available . Imagine my surprise -LRB- and enormous delight -RRB- when I realized I could purchase it through Amazon !! Thank heavens !! And the price of the 3.4 ounce bottle can not be beat ! Usually , the 1.7 ounce size costs about $ 35 dollars at the perfume counter . I love that for that same price point , I can get a bottle that 's double in size!So long as Amazon continues to make Truth available for purchase , I will be a repeat customer . : o -RRB-
 This product is my favorite ! I ca n't imagine why they discontinued it ! It is the best , not really floral , not really citrus . It 's great , subtle , and I wish they would bring it back !!!!
 Hello : Thank you so much for the excellent service , I love this fragance since 5 years ago an in the only place that I can find it is in internet , I 'm so happy . thanks again .
 Thanks , she loves it word word word word word wo word rd word word word word wow ord rd word rod word
 Great perfume ! I do n't know why it was discontinued . Glad I can still get it.Ordering was fast and easy and shipping time was short.Highly recommend product and company .
 Magnificent fragrance ! Not recommended for those who are sensitive to high scents , will definitely induce a headache .
 This scent is the one that has remained after all others ... It 's light and fresh , and best of all I feel better by smelling it . I get compliments by those people that say , `` I do n't usually like perfume but ... '' I hope CK never discontinues it . This is the best price I 've ever found , too .
 I love this product . I used to wear it , and only stopped when I could not find it anymore . It smells great !!
 This is my ` signature ' fragrance and I get many compliments on it.It 's a light , airy scent.It is no longer available in the stores in my area . So if ever wish to try it - now is the time . It 's been discontinued in many places.LOVE IT !
 Love this cologne . Changes to harmonize with the wearer 's individual scent .
 I have tried to get this cologne in all the department stores , but have been told it has been discontinued . I was delighted to find its availability here at Amazon . I wear all of the Calvin Klein colognes , but Truth is my favorite ! I always am told how great I smell when wearing this fragrance .
 The perfume is wonderful . The scent stays on . At first the scent is very green then it turns sweet . The perfume arrived in a timely manner -- about three days . All in all a good purhcase .
 Truth is a nice perfum , I 'm using it during a day and I feel good and chic ...
 She loves the smell , says she plans on using often . Unfortunately , I have n't been able to smell it myself because she stays in another country but it 's nice to know she likes it .
 Guys , this is definitely worth its price . I initially bought one from amazon , and just loved the fragrance . A bunch of people since have complimented me on the same . For the price adn the brand its definitely a great buy . Recently I bought another one from amazon , to gift to my sister . This is one terrific buy .
 Execelent product , great delivery times , good price , excelent packing condition . Would defenitely reccomend this seller and this product !!!
 There 's everything I could want in this collagen booster from Ole Henriksen . It 's called Truth Serum , and truth be told it has a lovely fresh , citrus aroma and absorbs immediately into the skin.Part of Henriksen 's much in demand `` 3 Little Wonders , '' Truth Serum is appropriate for all skin types . With its light texture it is wonderful to use in the morning and at bedtime under a moisturizer . It serves to refresh , rejuvenate and firm , leaving skin feeling silky and smooth.Among the ingredients are Sodium Hyaluronate , Green Tea , Ester-C , Vitamin E , Rosehip Extract , Orange Extract , Alpha-Lipoic Acid , Grapefruit Extract and Aloe Vera - an extremely beneficial botanical blend.Highly recommended with no reservations - not a one ! - Gail Cooke
 This product is amazing . I am in my early 40 's and have noticed a huge improvement in the overall appearance of my skin . My face is usually extremely dry this time of year -LRB- I live in Michigan -RRB- , and burns as soon as I get out of the shower . Since I started using this cream at night , my face feels moisturized and super soft in the morning . I am also extremely prone to cystic acne on my chin , which has completely disappeared . I highly recommend the Reviva product line to anyone who is looking to improve the overall look and feel of their skin .
 As a very dry skin person this makes my skin feel very soft and moisturized . I do n't know how it would wrk for you oily skin folks .
 I have been using it for about 8 months and have to say every morning I wake up with fantastically moisturized skin .
 I have used this face cream now for 5 years . I have had many issues with irritation or allergic reactions to other products . This one works very well to maintain moisture balance , minimize wrinkles and it is very gentle . I use it lightly in the day as well as for my night cream .
 The reason that everything was better back when everything was worse is that when everything was worse , it was actually possible for people to have experiences that were a pleasant surprise . Nowadays , the world we live in -- we affluent , industrialized citizens , with perfection the expectation -- the best you can ever hope for is that stuff is as good as you expect it to be . You will never be pleasantly surprised because your expectations , my expectations , have gone through the roof . The secret to happiness -- this is what you all came for -- the secret to happiness is low expectations .
 This cologne I bought in the mini .17 ounce size at first . It is still full because I immediately purchased the large 3.4 oz size . My favorite up to this point had been HUGO -LRB- read my other reviews -RRB- in my journey of buying all the colognes on the `` So you want to start wearing cologne '' guide on Amazon . Not only is this cologne a GREAT value compared to other designer colognes , it has a scent that sets itself apart from the others . The other colognes seem to fight for the citrus or woodsy territory whereas this cologne focuses on a masculine spiciness . It is NOT musky in the conventional sense , but very well rounded with a sense of its own self and is very appealing to females as well . My wife has buried herself in my neck on many occasions while wearing this and always says `` Ooh is that Candies ? `` Yep!Can ' t go wrong with this one scentwise or pricewise !
 This is a great scent ! I bought a huge box of these 8 years ago and I finally started to run out and I unfortunately found out stores do n't carry these anymore . I 've never heard anyone say anything bad about the smell and since stores do n't carry it anymore , it is an original scent . I highly recommend this cologne .
 The cologne is exaclty as I wanted with the best price on the net . I will definitely purchase again when out.Thanks
 This was by far my favorite cologne , when I was shopping for a new scent other than Stetson . I went through them all , and even the highest priced de toilettes were unappealing . I 've had my Candies for 3 years now , and I am very pleased by the compliments the ladies have given me . I would recommend this enchanting fragrance for those fellas aiming for the smile factor ...
 I bought this sheerly because my sister has `` I Love Love '' . Great smell but I ca n't steal her signature scent . Bought without knowing what it smelled like , but was VERY pleased . Reminds me of Tommy Girl all grown up . ; - -RRB-
 Rare find could n't find in stores ordered and arrived very quickly happy with product would suggest this to others thanks
 This is a very hard item to find ca n't even find it in a store ... . has a very pleasing scent ... . my wifesurprised and very thrilled to get it !
 Great great perfume , fast shipping , valuable price ~ ~ ~ ~ love it !! moschino is always my favorite . You wo n't be regrat if you buy it!Trust me!really worthful
 I ordered this product not knowing exactly how it would smell and I love it ! It 's kind of like a fruity/floral scent and it is perfect for spring/summer ! So glad I took a chance and bought this !
 If your looking for a clean , femenine flower/citrucy scent , buy this product quickly , I love it , will buy more as soon as I use up what I bought . I recommend it highly .
 It smells like fruit salad ... very fresh and energizing.Love it for Summer ... I simply love it !
 El producto llego en buenas condiciones y a tiempo , excelente servicio . Voya a recomendar es servicio a otros clientes.cliente satisfecho .
 Me encanta su olor , es muy fresco y algo citrico . Es sin duda mi favorito .
 This is the perfect fragrance . Sweet but light and clean , floral and powdery , and softly sensual ; it 's the perfect fragrance for night or day . If you like a fragrance to scent an entire room when you 're in it , this is not the fragrance for you -- this is a `` close proximity '' scent , noticeable only to those very near you . It 's like CK Truth in candlelight . -LRB- I 'm sorry , that 's the best way that I can describe it , LOL . -RRB-
 Like many , I have failed to moisturize most of my life . I am one of those crazy people who ca n't stand many lotions because they feel too think and make me feel smothered . When I first pumped out a bit of this lotion I thought I had yet another lotion that would sit idle in my bathroom because it was too thick . I could not have been more wrong . This lotion absorbs quickly and completely , leaving my skin beautifully smooth and soft and without a hint of greasiness . The peppermint oil is soothing and cooling . I am also a person tormented by allergies and have often had to leave public spaces because of the artificial sents others are wearing either as lotion or perfume . None of the ingredients in this product have upset my allergies . Yes , I would like it if the product were less expensive , but with 70 % organic ingredients and a bottle made form 100 % recycled materials the price is not unreasonable and I when my current bottle is empty I will buy another .
 I had recently emptied my bottle ofJason Body Care
 One of my sisters was suffering with itchy skin from an allergic reaction . She found this both soothing and long-lasting .
 This lotion offers an icy feel that gets into sore muscles and helps them to relax . It does n't clump like some lotions do . Would buy again .
 I lucked out in picking this hand lotion . It is not greasy at all and everyone who uses it in our bathroom , loves it . Great price for a great product
 I love the Canus Goat 's Milk Products . I have very dry skin and it has been very harsh in the Northeast this winter.The secret to my skin has been a daily dollop of this lotion.This small size is perfect for the purse or pocket . I refill mine with one of the larger sizes when it runs out !
 Chic lotion by Carolina Herrera is fantastic . The scent lasts much longer than the perfume . It 's almost impossible to find in stores , so I was thrilled to find it on Amazon .
 Product smells wonderful , and nice and sudsey , and a little tip , Works great at cleaning wigs , and bringing them back to life
 Smells great and makes skin smooth , you dont have to use a lot either love it . My kids love it
 Well , the little lady said that if I was looking for a Christmas Present for her -LRB- I had already gotten her what I had intended to give her so that statement meant , `` get me this too '' -RRB- , to get her a bottle of a perfume called `` Chick '' . I thought to myself , `` jeez , that sure is a trailer park sounding name for a perfume '' , but began an internet search . Of course there is no perfume called `` Chick '' , so it came to me that perhaps she meant `` Chic '' , pronounced like the Condom or the Arab Chieftan , so I did another internet search . This required me to ask what the bottle `` looked like '' . She described it from memory , which was of course photographic in quality so I went to Amazon to look for the best price . I found it and got it in the largest bottle , hoping that women are like men , they like their perfume like we like our gun oil , in large containers . It arrived packed perfectly and I even had Amazon wrap it for me as my wrapping tends to turn out looking like cat shredded newsprint . Christmas came and she was extremely happy with both the `` Chick '' perfume and the other gifts I got her so the day went very well . No complaints and the price at Amazon beat the snot outta Walmart without having to fight the frenzied wide bottomed hordes.Have a happy New Year everyone !
 Excellent . Does n't fade quickly . People randomly stop and ask what you 're wearing . Pleasant scent , cleaner than Carolina Herrera , slightly sharper than 212 . Clean , but with a very slight hint of musk . Sort of jasmine with a kick , but nicer .
 I discovered Chic in Germany almost 3 years ago and have worn it ever since . To this day I still get compliments from both men and women . Even my closest friends still remark on how beautiful it smells when we go out . It 's feminine , yet clean smelling , starts off bright and ends warm . An added bonus - I 'm pretty sensitive to perfume and this is one of the few that I 've found that does n't give me a headache . It 's a light fragrance - It wo n't linger in the room after you leave , but it does last all day . I highly recommend it .
 Love this scent ! I was given this perfume as a birthday present and i 've loved it ever since.The shipment was fast .
 I got this scent as a sample at a spa and have been using it ever since . Every time someone comes close , they comment on how wonderful the scent is . I am allergic to many perfumes , but this one is a keeper.Very hard to find , so I always order it on Amazon . Love Amazon too , as they are on target with every purchase .
 This is by far my favorite fragance of all time . I looked all over for it when I was at the end of my last bottle . So happy I found it here !
 This is one of my go to fragrances . A must try for anyone that loves to smell wonderful ! Amazon is the place to shop for all of the hard to find classics !
 Absolutely in love with this perfume !!!! If you love floral , fresh fragrance this is your perfume !!! I 'm big expert of Perfumes , got huge collection at home but nothing makes people more curious than Carolina Herrera `` Chic '' . Tens of people ask `` What are you wearing '' ... . I wear it all year long coz I 'm addicted to it ... One of the few perfumes that keeps the smell for very long time ;-RRB- Even if you do n't like floral fragrances , you got ta wear Carolina Herrera `` Chic '' during Spring ; -RRB-
 I 've been using `` Carolina Herrera '' Eau De Parfum for many years and always get good compliments from strangers & friends.I loved it ! This is a wonderful product .
 I looked for years off line for this fragrance for a gift . It is an `` older '' fragrance and no stores around me carry it . This was so nice to order and receive it in time for Christmas .
 I have been using Bellodgia for decades , but had to buy it or have people buy it for me in other countries ... it 's so great that I can now purchase it online ... I never tried the Body Milk until several years ago ... it 's heavenly !
 This perfume is very subtle and I get many compliments when I wear it . My only con is that it 's a spray bottle and when it gets low the remaining perfume wo n't come out .
 I love to use natural stuff for my skin and this item been very good choice .
 This is a classy vintage fragrance that still works today . My grandmother wore this perfume all her life after she smelled it in the 1930 's on a woman wearing a fur coat with fresh violets pinned to it . She never tired of the scent and it was her signature until she died at 102 . I have worn Bellodgia off and on for many years and have always found that the eau de toilette has great staying power without being overwhelming . Although I am not as faithful to it as my grandmother was , I keep coming back to it as a classic , warm scent that is flowery , spicy and sophisticated .
 This was my girlfriend 's favorite christmas present . She wears it everytime she goes out now . This is a great product .
 Have used it twice , once in the shower and once in tub . It has a mild lavender aroma which I found refreshing and smelled good . Would buy this product again .
 This is my second jar . I use it with the Betaplex mist , leave on for 5 minutes and it tightens and clears up my skin . Highly recommend
 Have strayed away , but always seem to come back to Cellex-C . Yes it is pricey , but it does what it claims . The other high dollar crap you buy at department stores do n't hold a candle to this stuff .
 excellent for toning and getting rid of those pesky dry flakes . all the Cellex c products are excellent , have n't found one i have disliked yet
 I would not say this is the best moisturizer in the world . It 's not bad . That said , the lotion definitely holds the fragrance well and when used in combination , the scent stays put much longer . If you like the fragrance -LRB- and I love it -RRB- this is worth the money . I have tons of perfumes , but this is the only one where men and women both stop and ask me what I 'm wearing .
 This is one of the most beautiful body lotions I have used . I must say I got it by accident . I actually bought a special edition of Michael Kors fragrance that included perfume and body lotion . Lotion has matte feel to it and i undestand that there are versions of it that give skin sparkle too . But the essence of this body lotion is in its frangrance which is rich , heady and stays on for entire day . Not even the perfume stays on that long . I would not recommend it for young girls . This frangrance is for women over 30 who are strong , secure and confident . I intend to use this lotion for a long time to come .
 This was just what I wanted and it is of really good quality .
 Arrived on time , well packed and just as described.One of the best purchases I 've ever made!It 's excellent quality and works perfectly.An easy purchase with a very good company.I hope to deal with them again .
 Product was exactly what I was expecting , good quality , and delivery quicker than they said . You can not ask for anything more .
 Installed 2 years ago and the `` gold '' finish still looks new . Operation is smooth and solid .
 Great for plucking , tweezing , cutting , make-up . Do n't have to lean over and you can tilt it to catch the light . Very well constructed .
 This mirror was fine quality and much less expensive than comparable mirrors that I shopped for at Restoration Hardware , for example . I would recommend this mirror , you will not be disappointed .
 Great brush !!! I 'm sure people know this already but I brush the ends of my hair first then work up to scalp then brush down once its not tangled anymore . If you do n't this brush will get caught in your hair . There is a nice weight to it . I have biracial hair and normally never use a brush only a comb . As I do this review the photo being shown is a round blow drying brush . But the product name is correct I bought the flatter me paddle brush .
 I purchased this brush on several occasions . I really love it , it creates great volume when blow drying your hair
 Recently purchased this brush through Amazon after trying it out at the Errol Douglas salon . It 's an amazing brush that grips your hair with little effort . Makes my hair look shiny and although expensive I ca n't recommend it highly enough .
 Nice brush . I have long , thin hair and a lot of it . It does n't catch the hair and rip it out if there is a knot . It makes a quick job of brushing through wet hair and getting out all the tangles . The handle is comfortable . This is the second one I have purchased to keep at work -LRB- the first I purchased at a beauty supply store for an additional $ 5 -RRB- . If you are concerned with appearance of the brush , the lettering on the back of the one I received was already starting to come off .
 This brush looks attractive and brushes well , but it does n't feel well-made when holding it . The bristles are flimsy and do n't seem to be attached too strongly . But I 've had it for 2 weeks and it 's very soft when brushing my hair . I also brushed my baby 's hair with it and he almost fell asleep it was so soothing . If this holds up I 'll definitely update it to 5 stars , but just from the price I spent -LRB- $ 14 -RRB- , I feel like I could have gotten a similar one for $ 5 at the drugstore .
 This is a terrific paddle brush - I searched for a while to find one comparable to my old one , and dare I say this one is better ! Love it .
 This is the best paddle brush I have found , and I looked at plenty before deciding on the Marilyn Flatter Me brush . The handle is rubber and provides a terrific grip . The brush is backed with a soft air formed pad which gives when you use it . It is a massage for your head and stimulating to your scalp . Very relaxing ! I also bought the Marilyn cleaning tool and it is super easy to keep my brush clean with that . The tortoise shell back is beautiful . This is a classic brush , I love it , and would recommend it to anyone !
 For thick hair that takes `` forever '' to blow dry , this is the perfect brush . It will help to shorten the drying time and makes it really easy to grab the hair and keep it on the brush while drying . This is truly a one handed brush . I can keep my other hand on the blow dryer and not have to set it down to reposition hair/brush . Whoo hoo !
 This lotion is the absolute BEST ! It makes your skin feel like silk , and smells sooo good ! I give this as a gift all the time .
 I was looking for a good hand lotion that DID NOT FEEL GREASY - this is it ! It works great to soften and heal my damaged skin and I recommend it .
 I live in Denver and this is the only lotion to combat with the blizzards !!
 I received my first sample-size lotion after a manicure . EVerytime I would wear it , someone would always say how good I smelled . I told them it was not cologne or perfume , but a lotion . It is very soft , not heavy or greasy and very light smell . I love it !
 I really ca n't praise this lotion highly enough . It 's rich and moisturizing , absorbs quickly , and leaves my skin feeling nourished without an oily residue . And the scent is a dream come true . I like to apply this right before I go to bed - it really does make for heavenly dreams !
 This lotion is unbelieveable . The smell is out of this world . I saw this on the Dr. Oz show , thought about it , then saw it in Good House Keeping and decided what the heck I 'll give it a try . I 'm so glad I did , it is not greasy like a lot of lotions.I put it on in the morning and again before bed and even after a days worth of work , dishes , laundry , gardening what ever , my hands still feel soft .
 My wife and I call this `` The Nag Champa '' We got our first bottle at a psychic fair in Sedona AZ. . We use it a few times everyday because the incense like aroma is so lovely . And it is long lasting . I bought three more bottles because I wanted one at my work where several people have admired the aroma . By the way I 've never used hand cream or lotion before on a regular basis .
 Being a lover of hemp products and loving the scent of nag champa I came across this product in Denver , CO. . I now live in NM and have n't been able to find it here . Thanks to Amazon and its resources I am able to get the lotion I love when ever I need it . Would suggest this lotion for all skin types -LRB- mine is very dry -RRB- and it comes in many different scents .
 I like it , and have been using it , unique Scent!Awesome name -LRB- Naked in the Woods -RRB- Keep up the good work guys !
 I ordered all the Body Hemp body lotions and love these fragrances . Reminds me of the 60 's
 I purchased these lotions last year for my Christmas gift-bags . They were very popular with my clients . They are a little heavier -LRB- lanolin -RRB- than I usually like , but excellent for winter dryness and not greasy like some lanolin products are.This is a good price especially if you are buying a lot for gift bags .
 Starting wearing this perfume after receiving it as a gift many years ago ... so happy to find itagain . Have ordered before from other supplier and it was old , with no fragrance . Thistime , perfect ! Such a light lovely scent ... not overpowering like so many of the perfumes thatare in vogue today ! I love it !
 This perfume is my favorite but it can be hard to find and expensive . I found it on Amazon easily . When it came , it was exactly what I ordered and expected for a good price . I 'll be doing it again .
 too bad it is only in the parfum spray and the body powder and lotion are n't . this is a total stand by for me .
 The price was right . The order was very easy to complete and the product was shipped promptly and arrived on time .
 I bought this vintage perfume out of curiosity and also because it was based with carnations and cloves . What a surprise ! It is simply intoxicating and leaves you with the impulse to continue sniffing it . The men at my job love the way it smells .
 I am 56 years old and have been wearing Bellodgia since I was in 8th grade . I wealthy woman for whom I babysat wore it and I fell in love with it . It is my is my signature fragrance and I wear nothing else . Perfumes come and go but Bellodgia will remain forever . It is not overpowering like today 's fragrances -LRB- it came out in 1927 -RRB- But , rest assured when that special someone nuzzles up to your graceful neck he will be blown away .
 This is the most wonderful soft , romantic , and feminine fragrance I 've experienced in years . Just lovely !
 In the 50 's , while in high school , I worked at Lord & Taylor . I became acquainted with Bellodgia because a very lovely french woman I worked with wore it and she smelled so divine . The carnations I planted this year in my garden brought this memory forward . I must have this perfume and will be ordering it - so pleased it 's still available . A truly beautiful scent .
 If you love the smell of carnation with a touch of clove , this is for you . This is a very natural scent of carnation , not the synthetic type . Carnations are a rather spicy type of flower but this perfume with it 's touch of clove -LRB- but not over done -RRB- just adds to it 's beauty . Very long lasting too , so a little goes a long way .
 I wear this daily and get many compliments . Strangers will stop me and ask what the scent is . It 's a long lasting scent and a small spray on the pulse points of the wrists is all you really need.Bellodgia is not something you can find even in the best stores anymore . It 's a classic floral that is suited to all occasions . They changed the box and label to purple - so the product picture needs to be updated at Amazon . The first time I tried Bellodgia that came in the new box two years ago , it did not seem the same to me at all and I returned it . I even wrote to Caron to ask what had changed - they never answered me , however.Then I looked everywhere to find something similar and just could not . I ordered the new stuff in the purple box figuring I would try once more , and this time it actually seemed to be the same scent I remembered . I am happy to have it back again .
 This is the scent my grandmother wore , and I 've kept it on hand for 40 years . This scent comes from France during the great Art Nouveau period . It is light and powdery like a carnation , but there 's a dash of spice that makes it a deep , layered , memorable scent . The House of Caron Paris is still one of the world 's great perfumers . Give it a try .
 I bought this for my mom . She says it still smells the way it did years ago when she used to wear it . She was soooo happy with it ! Great price too .
 Very nice scent . Mom used it many yearfs ago . Now seems a bit more astringent than I remember it . Still it is a nice carnation based scent .
 This soap is great for several reasons . First , the lather - I use it in the shower or bath with a mesh `` pouf '' and get tons of really rich , great-smelling lather . I was quite surprised at how thick & long-lasting the lather is with this soap . This might be good as a bubble bath , too , though I have n't tried that yet.The scent is very nice , but hard to describe . It would be suitable for men or women , as it is a nice , clean fresh smell , yet not `` soapy '' at all . And , the scent lasts on your skin after you dry off . I ca n't imagine anyone not liking the smell of this soap.After bathing with this soap , my skin feels very silky soft and comfortable . I did n't feel like I needed to use a lotion , except for the usual dry spots like elbows and heels.The bottle is a generous 16 oz. , and the soap is nice and rich , not watered down , so a little bit goes a long way.I would definitely buy this soap again , as well as purchase it as a unique , luxurious gift for others to enjoy .
 I was so delighted to finally find a goat milk body wash , and it is wonderful . I have used a different brand of goat milk soaps before , and I was sold on goat milk instantly . Since I have very dry skin in the winter , I have been using the body wash in combination with the lotion . I have even been using the lotion on my face in place of my usual moisturizer and my skin looks better and better every day .
 I confess , I 'm not really a big body-wash person . However , I have tried many goat 's milk skin care products and gave this one a try on my last order from Amazon . The body wash was great and I am an instant convert . As we say here in Boston , the fragrance is `` Awesome '' . Once you order this and like it , you 'll want to check out the larger sized bottle as well . It comes with a pump top and is very convenient .
 I must admit , I 've used Canus Goat 's Milk Body Wash for the first time and it is the best I 've ever used . My skin feels so different and my face which is a combination of oily and dry skin feels smooth and non greasy.The fragrance is wonderful , it is not overpowering in my view but really does smell clean and almost powder fresh . I can not yet say if it helps with dry skin but I love this product already .
 Have used it twice , once in the shower and once in tub . It has a mild lavender aroma which I found refreshing and smelled good . Would buy this product again .
 YOU WILL NOT BELIEVE THE VALUE FROM A WORLD LEADING COLOGNE HOUSE WHICH I BOUGHT AT ST BARTS FOR 85DOLLARS 12YRS AGO
 If you read about Yatagan online on fragrance websites you 'll find that it 's a very polarizing scent that evokes either love or hatred . I ordered it anyway without having smelled it anywhere and I can say that I am very glad I did . It 's a totally unique men 's fragrance . it 's classified as a woody oriental , so if you like heavier , wintery , spicy men 's fragrances -LRB- think Bel Ami or Timbuktu -RRB- , which I do , you may like this fragrance . If you 're into lighter , summery , citrusy , `` fresh '' - smelling colognes like Cool Water , Eau Sauvage , then stay away . The dominant note of Yatagan to me is celery , as in celery seed , with other notes of leather , caraway , pine and musk/funky animalics -LRB- odors derived originally from the glands of beavers and such -RRB- . I find the mixture absolutely intriguing ; the scent evolves as it stays on you and every so often you catch a whiff of it and it holds you . It 's fairly long-lasting and a little goes a long way . I would also say that this fragrance can easily be worn by women who like orientals such as Opium or Cinnabar .
 Real simple . This review is by no means a standard for any one but me.I can not describe it to anyone nor suggest that they might like it asit does get weird talking about men 's Eau De Toilette.However , every woman I hugged or embraced whether a work colleague , a date or a visiting relative made positive remarks.It has a Wiff of Hasheesh which I think makes it even more noticeable.I have been a fan of Yatagan for over two decades and ca n't seem to like anything else .
 it has a dry grass smell and a dry woodsy moss chypre feel and is not sweet despite the fact that it has a lot of animalic notes . As a result here this is a great smelling juice and for every one person who may not get into it there are PLENTY of those who love this.It is a unique experience and this is truly a scent of its own and it really has a rich woods as it dries down and is a great old school vintage frag if thats what ur looking for . . The scent is similar to polo green -LRB- in the opening -RRB- , Quorum , lots of `` green '' frags . I honestly can not say if i like it or not but its hard to describe the scent its very pleasant and unique and lots of people seem to love this one . It is actually one of the ONLY oriental chypre scents that are exotic , spicy , mossy dryness with good rich woods.The only thing i have against this is that the opening is VERY medicinal and NOT overly appealing but the chypre mid notes and exotic oriental drydown are worth owning this for
 To some people yatagan will seem too strong like it should be a powerhouse from the 80 's but it transforms into something amazing as it dries down ! That it came from the 70 's and projects this unusual fragrance just really surprises me . I have read that it is a lot like Polo green but I see no comparison between the two other than they are both green , herbaecous and were created in the 70 's . I own the third man and Caron pour homme as well . All three are very well done . Once again thank you Amazon for making this and many other products avilable to me .
 This may be the most extremist chypre ever -- the sour-bitter opening of celery and wormwood leads into a middle of patchouli and pine , and when the animalic base takes over , this stuff takes on a dangerous MUSTY aroma that makes it smell like it 's alive , for Chrissakes ! You ca n't tell if this smells like a walk in the Rockies , a bordello in Tangiers , or a wolf-pelt . This is particularly the case as regards the castoreum in there . It 's a smell that can be raunchy and nearly aphrodisiac at the same time.An acquired taste ? Sure , but so are Glenlivet and Bartok . I LOVE this -- I 'm on my third bottle -- but I 'd only wear it on weekends , or with a suit for evening wear . Something this sophisticated is n't really for office wear.James Coburn would have loved this too -- it would have suited his macho yet witty screen image . Can a woman wear it ? Well , maybe , but unless she 's as brainy and exotically sexy as Marisa Tomei she 'll never get away with it . BTW -- `` Yatagan '' is the name of an ancient Turkish sword -- appropriate , because this stuff will knock your head off .
 even though I did n't get yet I love this Perfume because I experienced it 30 years ago for the first time in Africa.it 's a delightful spray
 I used this cologne for years . All of a sudden it was no longer available in lthe stores . Years later I found it on amszon and was very happy with the discounted price . It is rich and lasts for a long time .
 `` Yatagan my love '' said my girlfriend to me when I use this perfume . I answer `` Or Yatagan or myself ? '' and she says
 This is a great Winter scent . Have n't tried it in other seasons , however , after all the positive comments I have received , I just might ! So glad I have another ` smell ' I can enjoy !
 You cant find this in stores for many years now so glad to find it at Amazon .
 This is a scent which smells only of itself and does not evoke anything else except MAYBE a whiff of citrus and some caraway . it is bright , clean , fresh , and cuts through all the candy florals like a samurai sword . and my husband loves it on me .
 My husband looked for this for me after he watched `` Scent of a Woman '' We both love it !!
 Bought this as a small Valentine 's Day gift for my mother -LRB- who 's quite particular with her perfumes by the way -RRB- and she absolutely loved it . She had n't used it for many many years and instantly recognized the scent . The only other comment was that she remembered the actual color of the perfume -LRB- not the bottle -RRB- being of a different color . Very pleased overall .
 Fast Service & this is one of my favorite fragrances . I 've been looking for &#34; Great Lady , &#34; the perfume version of White Shoulders . Do they make this any more ?
 I purchased the Fleur De Rocaille toilette spray not having smelled the fragrance previously . It is a very strong scent , no wonder Pacino could name the gals perfume from 1/2 a dance floor away ; a little goes a long way and lasts forever . Lovely container and would be a nice gift item for women who wear assertive frangrances .
 I have dark blonde hair which in the summer turns quite a light blonde color . It was hard to get a color match but this color , which without ordering here , is quite hard to find . I use this product not only in my goatee but for the grays which are forming right above my ears towards the front . Since those hairs are not as thick as facial hair , do them last . You 'll be pleased with the results and color match .
 I tried several of the shades which all require two applications to get the best coverage . Some tend to get too dark . This color is the best match if you have medium to light brown hair . It will match your hair almost exactly . It makes a paste that you brush on , which does n't drip like hair color , so there is no big mess . Apply heavily too stubborn areas and comb thru with a comb , to coat all the hairs . It has never stained my skin or irritated it at all . Just shampoo out in the shower . You get at least 4 to 5 applications . Highly recommended .
 I like to use the lightest brown shade , I have used the others at a push , but they make me look like Bluto . The trouble is , it 's hard to find that shade in stores , and impossible since I moved here to Bulgaria from the UK , so ordering online is the only option . It can work out a bit pricey , what with the shipping costs added , but at least I get 4 applications per box . I 've not personally had any problems as far as allergy goes , though it can stain the skin a little at the time , but going around after with a flannel/cloth and some soap soon removes it with a gentle rub . I do n't always have to do this though , depends on how clumsy I am applying it at the time .
 This is the perfect color for me , and one that is virtually impossible to find in stores . The caps to the two tubes are somewhat tightly screwed on -LRB- I had to use a pair of pliers to get them removed -RRB- , but the product itself is great . I highly recommend it for anyone who wants his beard/mustache to match a light-brown/dark-blonde hair color !!
 I have used the Just for Men brush in gel for a number of years , But when I buy it locally it costs me over $ 8 a box . Through Amazon , including shipping , it cost me about $ 6.20 . I have always felt that the product worked well and now I can purchase it at a much lower price .
 Not exactly as I remembered as a kid and growing up , but an excellent product . I plan on purchasing more .
 I was thrilled to be able to surprise my husband with this product . He had been reminscing about childhood years and this particular brand name so I googled and sure enough Amazon had it available . He 's still using it nearly 2 years later . It 's great to be able to find unusual items so quickly and easily .
 A fine hair tonic that smells great ! It is light , goes on well and does n't goop up your head/hair with heavy feeling motor oil . Great hair tonic .
 This stuff makes my curly , totally unmanageable hair just a bit more manageable . I love it . It smells nice , and helps to give a nice sheen to my hair and reduce the amount of stray curly-Qs I get when I slick my hair back without it.Of course , you need to couple it with a solid hair gel or pomade , but this is a nice treatment that made a big difference in my hair . It feels softer , healthier , and I can style it better .
 I Have used this in the pass . But could not get it at the barber shop . Had one problem the cover was broke
 I was traumatized as a young adult when my father let me use his Vaseline Hair Tonic . It was thick , greasy , and smelled terrible . It left me with a head of hair shinier than a bowling ball . I was a bit skeptical when I bought this , but I put my trust in my fellow Amazon reviewers and I took the plunge . Could n't have made a better choice ! The tonic is great
 My husband started using this three months ago and he likes it a lot . It has just enough hold forstyling , and it still looks natural . The smell is of musk/alcohol and is strong in the bottle , but once in the hairit disappears . His hair tends to be dry , so the Lucky Tiger keeps his hair nice and soft .
 I was looking for a replacement for gel . So I thought that I would try going with an `` old school '' tonic.Upon first opening the bottle and getting a smell , I was a bit concerned . It smelled strong and questionable . But I gave it a try after a shower . Three small squirts in the palm of my hand , and worked it into my hair . The scent was subtle in minutes .
 es uno de los mejores perfumes , excelente aroma , excelente precio , se los recomiendo , les recomiendo este producto.fueron responsables en la entrega en buen tiempo
 I had quite a few perfumes from several big brands during last years and can say this one is the best of all I had . Smells expensive , smell lasts whole day and even longer . Very good product .
 Amazon enabled me to connect with a merchant for a great deal on this wonderful fragrance . It is inconceivable for me to use any other fragrance , and it has been used exclusively for years . For me , there is no need to stock others to use on different occasions .
 I love this men 's fragrance . Price was great compared to store . Very classy not sweet but masculine . Also lasts a long time
 I HAVE BEEN USING PASHA FOR ABOUT 8 YEARS . I FIND IT EXPENSIVE , BUT EXCELLENT QUALITY PRODUCT . I SAW IT ON AMAZON AND JUMPED AT THE CHANCE TO BUY IT . PLEASE CONTINUE TO CARRYIT AT THIS GREAT PRICE .
 This fragrance is fresh and exudes class . Not you 're everyday mall fragrance . Gentlemen only apply . Very unique fragrance . You ca n't go wrong with the Cartier line .
 I received a lot of complements when I used this cologne , my whole office is fulfilled by this essence , I definitely in love for pasha .
 I have many colognes and love them all , but this has a very unique scent . It is now my favorite.A little goes along way with this one
 I have bought this product before and loved it . It has a wonderful long lasting and very unique fragrance . If you are looking for something different , I would definitely recommend Pasha De Cartier for Men . Everytime I wear it , people always want to know what it is and where I bought it . If you are looking for that special gift for the man in your life , you wo n't go wrong with this one .
 Love the mirror ... it is very stylish and with the flip of your hand it lights up ... very functional
 I 've been using this product for years and it 's great . After applying , you have to leave it on until your skin starts to sting a little . It 's longer than the time they recommend , but it 's what makes the color last when you 're done . It does get on your skin under your eyebrows , but if you `` scrub '' the area with a wash cloth , it will come off pretty quickly . I 've never used the `` forms '' that come with it and I 've found the best way to apply it is with an old mascara brush . Wash it first , really well with soap and water to be sure all the mascara is gone before using . This gives you better control of the mixture . Also , when you first open the box , empty all the tablets into a little vial and use small amounts each time . This saves money because I 've never used up the entire mixture from one tablet/application and end up throwing away the unused amount . Mix it in a flat container and not the one that comes with it because it 's too hard to use . I use a `` plate '' from a frozen , microwavable dinner -LRB- Lean Cuisine -RRB- . Although the package says it 's permanent , it is n't , but it lasts several weeks to a month .
 My husband has used this cologne since about 2001 or so . I love how it smells , and the aroma lingers well . It 's just hard to find sometimes .
 Carven 's vetiver , in my opinion , is the best of the several men 's fragrances available made from vetivert roots . It is light , slightly citrusy and fresh . It avoids the heavy earthiness of other blends , which sometimes seem to smell like garden soil , but is still faithful to the root from which it is extracted . This vetiver is distinctive and will be pleasantly remembered by others , and is long-lasting . Others I 've tried are quite fugitive . I 've used the product since childhood , when it was a household favourite , and am very glad Carven has revived it .
 This works very well on ladies over a certain age . You know , the kind that like their men close shaven and well-dressed . It 's subtle and effective .
 Una excelente loci&oacute;n . El aroma del vetiver es de mis favoritos y Carven logro hacer un producto fant&aacute;stico .
 This is one of the best products around . Perfect blend of non-greasy misture and no fragrance . Everyone should get some .
 I think this moisturizer is wonderful . At first I thought it was going to be too heavy but after a few minutes it soaks right in and makes my skin so unbelievably soft . I do n't think it smells bad at all , but I bought mine from Sephora so I know it is fresh and the real thing .
 This lotion is amazing , and makes my skin feel OH so soft ... you only need a pea size amount , this bottle will last FOREVER >
 I have used philosophy hope in a jar for a long time now , and I absolutely love it . I have tried many many other moisturizers and none of them could even begin to compare to hope in a jar . For some of you who gave bad reviews on this , maybe it was n't fresh . This product usually runs sixty dollars for four ounces at skinstore , macys , or philosophy.com . Since the price here at amazon is only thirty some dollars for a four ounce jar , does n't that tell you something ? I suggest that amazon 's might be old , possibly someone has returned it , who knows . I just know that I use aveeno positively ageless night cream that I usually purchase from walmart for about twenty dollars . Well I dediced to buy it here on amazon a lot cheaper . Big Mistake . I sure did n't get my money 's worth . I know it was a used jar because it was only about half full . I will not order any more cosmetics from amazon . I think they are either old , or rejects that have been returned . Some of you who are disappointed in hope in a jar , may I suggest that you buy it directly from philosophy.com or skinstore.com . Their products are always fresh . I love hope in a jar and do n't want to be without it . It 's the best moisturizer out there .
 I love love love this face lotion . I have problem skin and this stuff just makes me look like my skin is dewey and clean . I use it along with the purity made simple and highly recommend that combination . The only thing is that this lotion has such a bad smell that lingers a while after you apply it -LRB- and that is why it gets 4 stars -RRB- . It has that `` fragrence free '' scent that just is not pleasant . But my skin looks great so I deal with it .
 In my opinion , it does n't get any better than Hope in a jar . This is an amazing product and a great buy for the money . Amazon never disappoints !
 Hope in a Jar is my favorite moisturizer . I 've been using it for years and have been pleased with the Philosophy products I 've ordered . This was a great price for this 2 oz jar and I love Amazon Prime and the quick delivery . The only reason I give it 4 stars is because I am slowly switching over to more natural/organic products and I wish Philosophy paid more attention to that . I also wish it was a tube instead of a jar , which would protect the products from contamination from the daily ` dipping ' of the fingers into the open jar .
 I have been using this product for at least five years . Because of the bad economy , I was looking to cut my expenses and chose to not continue using Hope in a Jar . I really thought I could find something cheaper that would work for me . However , I noticed my skin losing the moisture and was extremely dry . So , I decided to go back to Hope in a Jar and my skin instantly began looking and feeling better again .
 I have been using Purity face wash and Hope in a Jar for about 4 months and let me just tell you how WONDERFUL these products are ! I have not had a pimple in 4 months -LRB- not even during THAT TIME of month -RRB- and my black heads have all but vanished ! I am in love and am so happy that I have finally found these products . I know they are a bit pricey but they are worth every penny . You will not be disappointed .
 Love this stuff . So light and creamy . Nice feel and look to my face many hours after application . Been using it for years . This jar -LRB- 4fl oz -RRB- will last me awhile too . So worth the money .
 I love this product . It 's a lightweight moisturizer . Not greasy or oily . Size is just right , and the price was right to sample . I will definitely buy it again .
 I received my first Philosophy Hope in a Jar Daily Moisturizer as a gift . It 's one of the best skin care items I 've ever used . I use it at night , after removing cosmetics , and again in the morning . It 's great under my makeup , and makes it go on more smoothly and gives my skin a more refreshed and glowing look.After using this for quite a while , I 'm happy to report that I can actually feel an improvement in the texture of my skin . Roughnesss that I had always felt seemed greatly improved . Even without cosmetics , I can see how much better my skin appears.Perhaps not everyone will feel the same results , but this product is certainly worth a try ! I am totally satisfied and definitely a return customer .
 I bought the same product for my wife for Christmas and she loved it.Then I found it in Amazon , The jar amount was a lot more and the price was a lot less.She is very happy with the purchase .
 You will notice a difference the first time you use this product , but know this
 Okay , so it 's quite a bit overpriced . I have a ton of different moisturizers . I really like Cerave and it 's a fraction of this price and also of my Lancome moisturizers . However , Philosophy has so much hype surrounding it that it can afford to charge an arm and a leg . I ca n't tell you exactly how this will affect YOUR face . Everyone is totally different , and the opinions on HIAJ are VERY polarizing . People love it or hate it , and not a lot in between . It makes a lot of people break-out , but totally transforms and brightens other people 's skin.My advice is to first get a sample of the stuff before buying a big jar . My mother-in-law bought me a bunch of little samples of Philosophy products for my birthday and said if I liked them , that she 'd buy me the full versions . I have been on the edge of purchasing this before on my own , but the really mixed reviews stopped me . But the idea of getting smaller-sized ones first is great.For me , the results have been quite good . First , it feels AMAZING . It 's a soft , silky mousse that is by far the BEST feeling moisturizer on my skin that I use . It feels very nourishing and brightens my skin . I 've had great results with it and love it , and requested the full version . However ... WARNING WARNING
 I love Hope in a Jar Dailey Moisturizer ! It makes my skin feel silky smooth and does n't cause any irratation . I 've tried other things that cause some redness and are near as soft . I would like to try the Hope is Not Enought moisturizer sometimes since I 'm a senior !
 This product is light and easy to use with makeup . At the same time , I find it moisturizes my skin and makes it look smooth .
 I use this daily ; I 'm glad to buy it in a travel size ; fantastic product that works like the description . This product is complete . I love Philosophy because you need cleanser and moisturizer ; if you have oily skin or dry skin you still need cleanser and moisturizer just a different formulation . The products do n't strip your skin of all oils and then you apply lots of moisturizer ; the products are balanced ph so you use enough to get your skin clean and then you use enough moisturizer for balance . The products last a long time and the value is in the ingredients and the cost per use .
 love it . makes my skin soft within a week . wish it werent so expensive . i only buy it about twice a year , but wish it were more !
 I have been using this for years so no surprises that its as good as always . Amazon has a great price so i was happy to save a few dollars . It has a thick rich texture and makes my skin feel soft and supple and young . Its scented with lavender which is n't my favorite but it works so well i can look past the old lady smell .
 love the creamy texture !! and it really helps your skin to stay in a good condition.anyway the smell is a little bit unpleasant .
 I have been using this product for years . I have very sensitive skin , always breaking out . This product has done wonders for me . And amazon , what an amazing price ! Thanks !
 I came across this product on accident so I guess it was meant to be . I tend to have dry sometimes flakey skin on my face in the mornings after showers . I 've changed face washing products to be sure that was n't the problem . I started using face creams afterwards to alleviate this concern . Being a male and not knowing much in regards to how to choose what verses what I began using your typical body moisturizer . After finding that to be too greasy and oily , I switched to specific face creams . These worked better than the body moisturizer , as which they should have so I thought I was satisfied . It was n't until I stumbled across `` Hope in a jar '' and gave it a shot that I realized how useful this product is.Here 's my rational as to why I claim it 's better . Previous face creams would need to be applied daily because every morning my face would be dry coming out of the shower . With this product , I 've noticed less dryness the next morning after use . That 's benefit # 1 . Benefit # 2 is that this moisturizer is so quickly absorbed by the skin that it does ' t leave an oily feeling or look . And again , that 's in comparison to some other facial moisturizers I 've tried.In summary , it 's a great product I recommend . No one product is perfect for everyone but this has worked for me . I ca n't comment on the benefits of long term use or if it helps with wrinkles or not , but I suspect that it can only help . One last note , some people comment on its smell as being unappealing . I do n't have a problem with it . I bought it for its benefits and use , not for its smell . I would say the smell is neutral to me .
 Ive only been using this product for a week and I already see a difference . I was a little hesitant to buy because of the bad reviews but I 've been using the philosophy face wash `` purity '' for about 6 months and i love the way my face cleared up . I have very fare sensitive skin , and get mild break outs , so philosophy is right on the money with the delivery of their products.and to the people who are writing bad reviews ... I agree with another reviewer when they say that the bad reviews must be coming from competitors or repeat reviewers , because like I said , I have very sensitive skin and I have not had a bad reaction from any philosophy product.P.S . The smell is NOT bad100 % recommend !!!!!
 During the winter months , my skin gets really dry , to the point that it even starts cracking/peeling , and dry patches occur . Wearing makeup on my bare face was a disaster - I would get patches of makeup in the most dry places of my face.This moisturizer is a total saver ! It is smooth , rich , and penetrates your skin within seconds of applying . Because it is rich , you only need to apply a few drops with your fingertip -LRB- nose , chin , cheeks , forehead -RRB- , spread/smooth all over , and even moisturize your fingers/hands while you 're at it!It is my absolute favorite moisturizer , and I have been around the block as far as facial moisturizers go - this one definitely beats them all !
 Hope in a jar is does exactly what it says . . gives you hope . Hope for those who have xtremely sensative skin like i do . It has a great fresh scent and is nice and light weight but moisturizing . it doesnt contain any harsh chemicals that would break you out . . Ive used this product for 2 weeks now and my skin has evened out , redness is gone , and all wrinkles are smoothed to barely visible . . on my days off i dont even wear makeup . . its a great feeling . I would recomend this to anyone who has sensative/breakout prone skin . its a miracle worker
 It smeells lovely , I see a few do n't like the smell but it has lavender oil in it and if you do n't like lavender I guess you would n't like it , but I LOVE LAVENDER so its great for me . I think it is so soft , feels clean , fresh , softens the lines and make the pores appear smaller , enjoying this product !!
 At least for me , anyway , it smells like really cheap plastic -- kind of like those rubbery babydolls from childhood . It works wonders , though , so I have learned not to mind the scent so much . It has made -LRB- in only a week -RRB- my skin glow a bit more , the texture & color is smooth and even . I look rested and a few years younger . The fine lines are less obvious from the good moisturization . I will buy it again despite the smell . I 'm 36 , my skin has always been borderline `` normal '' with slight oiliness in the T-zone . Seems most products I try usually make it feel oily even if they promise otherwise . I 've tried stuff for dry skin , stuff for oily skin , stuff for normal skin -- but there 's always a negative outcome , I can only use Oil of Olay daily sunblock , anything else leaves me way too shiny . This stuff has delivered without any side effects . 5 stars would have been my vote if not for the smell .
 What a wonderful product ! Instant absorption that makes you feel like your skin just passed through the hydrating mist of a waterfall . Allows for immediate makeup application with no tackiness or residual oily feel on skin . Wish the fragrance were a little more fresh but would n't use anything else !
 fast delivery.Anyway , the product does n't impress me like those comments though but I still like it .
 I 've never tried anything like this . And I 've tried quite a few quality moisturizers . `` Hope in a jar '' really is good stuff . It soaks in quickly , is non-greasy yet very moisturizing , and leaves your skin feeling -LRB- and looking -RRB- good for an entire day . It is cost-efficient , too , because it lasts so long -- you do n't have to use much for full coverage.Like some other reviews have stated , it really does have an unpleasant smell ... and , unfortunately , the smell lingers throughout the day . -LRB- Some of my make-up brushes smell like it now . -RRB- If you can tolerate that -LRB- or maybe just get used to it -RRB- , it 's fantastic stuff .
 This is a great product . I think the smell is great . Makes my skin feel soft . Will continue to keep buying !
 I have been using Philosophy , Hope in a Jar and Purity face wash for about a month now . . My skin looks amazing . . I absolutely love these products and can not do with out ...
 This is a wonderful product I will use for my skin
 As a former `` makeup junkie '' I feel it imperative to write this review . Now in my 60 's and with progressive RA , I feel time is of the essence . In my youth was a face model and had used everything from La Prarie , Stendal , Erno Laszlo through Estee Lauder , Lancome , etc , and have never , ever seen such a difference in my skin as with Philosophy product . Has taken off at least 10 years off my face . My body may be going , but my face looks younger again .
 i have extremely sensitive skin and am allergic to propylene glycol . after two years of trying all the creams in the market and not finding anything that suited my skin i finally found hope in a jar - for dry and sensitive skin . its working wonders for me . i recommend this to everyone .
 ***** This has been my daily moisturizer for several years . It makes my skin very soft , very healthy looking , and glowing . It makes me look radiant . I have given it as a gift to my sister and to other women , and they have all liked it as much as I have . No one has had any adverse reactions . You can notice a difference after just one use . When I 've run out and used something else temporarily , I always can see the difference again once I start back up . It is as close as it gets to a miracle cream.I do not wear makeup , so Hope In A Jar is it . I am 49 years old and I think my skin looks incredible . The friends I have given it to also like to keep a natural look and prefer their skin without heavy creams , thick moisturizers and sunscreens , or makeup.The women I know who are fans of Hope In A Jar are like me . We 're kind of lazy no-fuss `` one cream that does it all '' people ; instead of one jar of something for one thing , and another for something else -- eye creams , night time moisturizers , daytime moisturizers , etc. -- we 're the type that wants just one that can do the job and then be done with it . In other words , we do n't have the patience to fuss with our looks a lot , or to spend money buying bunches of different creams to keep track of and remember to use.Unlike other reviewers , I love the smell , which is not perfumey , but definitely pleasantly distinctive . I use it around my eyes also , and have not had an allergic reaction . It seems , though , that these are the two biggest problems with Hope -- the distinctive odor and allergic reactions among some people . I would suggest buying it the first time from somewhere you could return it if you do n't care for it ; although in my opinion , this would be unlikely , apparently it is possible . Philosophy now makes another version of Hope In A Jar for sensitive skin ; if you know that your skin in temperamental , perhaps it would be better to also try this version . I have stuck with Hope In A Jar because it works so well for me.It seems expensive , but it is not because it lasts a long , long time . The two-ounce jar lasts me about six months . I use a toner and then Hope In A Jar and that 's it . I 'm done with my face in 30 seconds . Plus , it gives me a look that most women use makeup to get , so I think it 's a bargain . *****
 I started using Hope in a Jar after Oprah televised it as one of her favorite things . I wish I could put into words how wonderful this moisturizer is . I have combination skin and often has trouble with my skin feeling terribly greasy after I have moisturized . I never have this problem now . It absorbs into my skin immediately , holds my make up in place , and give my skin a dewy , not oily look . It is definitely worth a try . I now buy the big jar . * The smell is a little different , but it is so easy to get used to and does not stay with you all day .
 I have used Philosophy 's moisturizers for about a year and found that the moisturizer for dry/sensitive skin works best for me . Before trying it , I could n't seem to find a lotion that stayed with me the whole day , yet did n't feel too oily . This is best for me during the dry winter months when my skin is at it 's driest . In the summer I 'm ok with the normal skin Hope in a Jar . I also love it 's fresh , clean smell .
 I started using this in May of 2011 . Just 5 months later I noticed a marked difference in my face . Even toned skin.No more oily/dry areas . Even with a lot of sun tanning , I have no wrinkles or age lines on my face and I am 50 . It really is good and good for men also .
 I believe no matter what product you look up you 'll never find a product everyone loves.I LOVE this face moisturizer . It 's light and the smell does n't bother me at all unlike some other reviewers.I like that it 's lightweight and non greasy.My skin felt so soft after I put it on.I look forward to the long term effects on my skin .
 I truly notice a difference when I use this moisturizer . It is a bit more expensive than my old brand but worth it . I have fairly normal skin -LRB- can be oily around t-zone at times -RRB- and this product gives my skin an added glow .
 I have been a makeup `` flirt '' all my life , never sticking with one line or product for any length of time . `` Philosophy '' changed my own philosophy with its skin care product line . I have come to depend and recommend their skin care line to friends and co-workers for several years . I have never been let down . This is the daily moisturizing I am using currently . Never greasy or too heavy.Highly recommend !
 Hi , my daughter gave me this product as a present , and I 've been using it without a problem , I had no read the reviews , and did not know much about the product except what my daughter had told me about it . Well I have rosacea , and very sensitive skin , and I 'm also smells trigger my allergy symptoms badly . I was looking for this product to reorder it since I like it and it made my skin feel free and light unlike other creams I 've tried . Now mind you the rosacea cream lots of time makes my skin extremely dry . I was surprised by the negative comments , but in my opinion it 's a chemical reaction to everyone skin type , as much as I may smell a perfume on someone and like and try it on myself and it does not smell the same . So I think it 's a nice product , I get compliments on my skin , people usually do not notice I have rosacea and do not believe I 'm 51 . Try it and make your own decision .
 Great product . I could feel the difference in my skin the morning after I used it for the first time . Amazing . Continues to work even when i forget to use it .
 I 've used this moisturizer for several years and love how light it is on my skin . Absorbs very well too !
 I 've been using this product for several years and would n't want to be without it . This seller 's price was excellent .
 The texture is wonderful . It applies with ease and spreads well . A little goes a long way . This was a surprise since I considered the price high for the size of the jar . The best was yet to come ; it stings so badly it really gives one a wake up call in the morning ! Literally , a slap in the face ! And the rest , it is mid afternoon and still stinging . What more could I want at seventy-six ? P.S. I have now decided the best use of it is on my long bones . A New Englander hates to waste money . I am home bound , and returns are so darn hard .
 My daughter has used this product for several years and loves it - she uses all philosophy products and swears by them . I personally find this cream to be heavily scented , which I do n't like in any cosmetic . Going by my daughter 's experience here .
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT.Yes , it stings my eyes to high heaven . Yes , it smells like a hospital . Yes , it feels so watery that it possibly ca n't be hydrating . But can it ? YES IT CAN!I love this product , even though it stings my eyes like crazy . Why ? Because it 's the best moisturizer I 've ever used . Not only is it light weight but it 's not greasy AT ALL . I have oily/combination skin and this moisturizer keeps my cheeks nice an moist without making my T zone all oily . Honestly , it 's so weird how quickly my face absorbs this stuff after I clean my face at night . Most moisturizers take a while to soak it and when you apply too much , it stays on the surface kind of acting like an oil slick . And when you wear glasses , that gets annoying fast when your glasses keep sliding off your oily nose . Not with Hope in a Jar.If you can get over a little pansy eye burning and the chemical smell , this stuff is GREAT .
 I have combination skin with a tendency to be extremely oily and dry all at the same time . I am very sensitive and have allergies . I 've had no problems with this product and many makeup brands out there irritate my skin . I became very dry on my chin after a winter storm and used this with noticeable difference in 12 hours ! I have used this for one month now on my face , eyes , and hands . I 've received many compliments on my skin and people have asked what I 'm doing different . Give this one a shot you 'll love it . I first tried this as a sample at Sephora if you 're concerned hit a store and try it out first . This is my new staple . I am using the new SPF version too without irritation .
 this is the only face cream i 've used for several years . it 's mild for sensitive skin . i have rosacea & have no irritation from this product . make sure to specify dry , sensitive skin . expensive but lasts long & worth it .
 I first heard about Hope in a Jar via Oprah Winfrey . It is light but effective . I have sensitive skin and it works very well for me . Helps to smooth any scars from pimples , etc. on the face . A great product .
 I am a new user of Philosophy Brand products - But so far I love all I have tried . This moisterizer is great .
 Love Hope in a jar and was jazzed to see it available on Amazon for a great price .
 I first tried this when I received a sample in an order ; I LOVE IT . I could not believe how it helped to smooth my wrinkles under my makeup . No , it does n't hide all but makes the deep ones ALOT less noticeable .
 I recently started using Philosophy 's products and I have been very pleased with all of them . This Philosophy Hope in a Jar is a wonderful moisturizer for underneath your foundation . It is not thick and greasy and blends in tremendously . You also only have to use a very small amount for full coverage . Since starting using this product I will never change and use another again . I definitely have been sold on Philosophy 's Hope in a Jar !!!!
 I sent this to a friend as a gift . She absolutely loves for it . I will be ordering this product for myself soon .
 In the summer months , I use this as my all around , general face moisturizer . It 's light and blends well . I use something heavier for the dry winter months . The only issue I have is the smell . Almost fishy . Not a fan but I can overlook it .
 Use this as a night cream , always feels skin smooth next morning . The smell is terrible , but after several days I got used to it .
 My face never breaks out with this product and it leaves my skin smooth and healthy looking . I will never buy anything else !
 Im 31 yrs and my mother in law just introduced me to philosopy skin care products . They are the best i have ever used , I 'll never go back to anything else . My skin looks amazing !
 This is great for my very dry skin . It does have a fragrance when you first put it on , but it goes away quickly and I actually like it . A little bit goes a long way , too . This is my go-to moisturizer for both day and night .
 Does n't matter how my skin is when I woke up ... If it 's dry , this is my water -LRB- yes , it is actually a quenching feeling -RRB- . If it 's broken out , this is my quick repair . If it 's cold or warm , it gives me the rosy cheeks I adore -LRB- without blush or pinching -RRB- . This product works really well for me . I have combination skin with an emphasis on combination . Some days , super oily and others super dry . Either way , hope mellows my skin the minute I put it on . Sometimes later in the day , I seem to have a sheen over my skin if I am having an oily day , but overall I love love love this product . A coworker gave me the 8oz one time for $ 40 and it has been a struggle to not buy another jar ... I gave in . The texture , the weight , and the results of this product are amazing . I can always count on my skin returning to a natural and comfortable state as soon as I put this on . As an added bonus , it really does exfoliate during the day ... without having to do any hard work ; -RRB-
 I love this moisturizer , I am looking to purchase more of philosophy 's product 's , I hight recommend , this is my first time using their moisturizer , very impressed .
 I have used many expensive moisturizers including Aveda . I 've found that in recent years my skin is very dry in the winter months . My regular moisturizer just wans n't doing the trick . I decided to try Philosophy Dry Skin and I was hesitant . I was nervous that it would be oily but it 's not . This moisturizer is smooth and creamy . It leaves my skin feeling so soft and long gone are the days of dry , flakey skin . I would highly recommend this moisturizer if your skin is very dry or even if you experience extra dryness in winter months like me .
 I am very picky with moisturizer and this one is great . It is so light-weight and not greasy . I think it smells clean and am very happy with the purchase .
 Price : - Around $ 40-Regularly available on Amazon for a slight discount-Very often included as part of a variety of Philosophy skin care `` Kits '' in which it will be included at a discountWhat 's the product like ? - Any scent is not very noticeable to me - neither pleasant nor unpleasant , just smells like a typical skin care product-Does not seems to have lots of ` extra ' frou-frou ingredients to make it appear like it 's doing something it 's not . I run into this ` extra ' ingredient problem a lot with Olay products , they like to include some kind of shimmer or sparkle in their lotions and creams that reflect in the light and immediately make your skin look more ` luminous ' but it 's not FIXING anything it 's just a fake shimmer - I like a product that penetrates and seems to do something to improve my skin , not just sit on top of it ; Philosophy does just that - it sinks in , it feels `` clean '' without any extra unnecessary ingredients-I 'm not sure what the big difference -LRB- if any -RRB- is between this `` dry skin '' version and the other versions as this is the only one I have tried so far - this one works well for me , it sinks in , it 's definitely not greasy and does n't make your face look shiney-No issues with the product clogging pores and I 've been using it nightly for over a month-Product seems very concentrated -LRB- like most Philosophy products -RRB- and you don 'd need a lot to `` feel '' the moisture and hydration - this 2oz jar will last for monthsWould I recommend this ? - Yep ! It 's really not that expensive when you realize that how little lotion you have to use . I love the `` pure '' ingredient feel to it . I do n't see a real improvement in texture , lines or even skin tone but my skin does feel healthy and hydrated when I use this product . I will repurchase in the future
 My wife is crazy about Hope in a Jar . It is expensive but much cheaper on Amazon than in the store . I got it for her for Christmas and she loved it . Fast shipping and very pleased . Will buy again .
 So far my mom is happy with this gift . I was happy with the way it was sent and will continue shopping here .
 I have combination oily/normal skin , and I have recently -LRB- within the past month -RRB- started using Philosophy skin care . Hope in a Jar is part of my nighttime routine . I love the feel of it ; it 's lightweight and non-greasy . Even though parts of my face are oily , I have not had any breakouts since using the product . Surprisingly , I do not wake up with oily skin in the morning . The only drawback to this moisturizer is the smell . I do n't think I 'm overly sensitive to smells , but it really is awful . I try to avoid applying it near my nose for now , but I 'm sure I 'll eventually get used to it . The smell wears off relatively quickly , and it is n't so offensive as to keep me from using the product . Hope in a Jar has made my skin much softer in a short amount of time .
 I have been ordering this product for my wife for a few years and she said that she has not found anything as good and I should keep ordering it for her
 I would n't start my day without putting this on before I put on my make up . I feel it has helped my face in not getting wrinkled .
 I usually do n't use face cream of any kind but this winter seemed to change that . I tried this based on reviews and I 'm glad I did . It feels great as soon as you apply it - very soothing . It did n't break me out , either . I did n't see any visible results , but it absorbs quickly and relieves dry skin like crazy .
 Expensive , but this is one of the few products that is worth it . You only have the one face , take care of it . You do n't have to use much either , it goes on smooth and your face is so soft afterwards .
 It is a really great face cream . It is not greasy but hydrates skin well . My skin is sensitive to breakouts but this cream dose n't bother it at all .
 My wife is in love with this product , makes her skin look and feel better . Perfect gift !
 this product does exactly what it is meant to do . i would recommend this to everyone who wants more beautiful skin and it will not break your face out . great product and worth the money .
 I order this for my wife , she mentioned that the difference can be felt on the first day .
 Hope in a jar works wonders . I get tons of compliments on my skin from total strangers . I love all Philosophy product . I use The Purity face wash too .
 This moisturizer is wonderful , it is light weight and works wonderfully for my skin type . Before I started using philosophy products I was still dealing with oily , acne-prone skin . My skin looks and feels wonderful with this product .
 I 'm 27 years old , and I 've suffered from all sorts of skin problems since the age of 5 . Finding a new moisturizer is always a gamble since most products cause an allergic reaction on my face . For many years , my only choice was to use Cetaphil , which was fine ... but lately I 've been finding that I need something more potent . I read SO many reviews about Philosophy Hope in a Jar -LRB- both the original and this formula for sensitive skin . -RRB- It sounded like many other people with skin-issues found this product helpful . A few months ago , I bought 2 new products , a night-time moisturizer -LRB- Clinique Repairwear -RRB- and a daytime moisturizer -LRB- Estee Lauder Resilience with SPF -- which made my face red and irritated -RRB- . I just ran out of both a couple of days ago , so I decided to replace both with Hope in a Jar . I just bought it yesterday , and after one use , I woke up this morning without ANY of the dry red patches that I usually find around my nose and mouth . My whole face feels unbelievably smooth and non-irritated -- I never would have expected the change to be so quick !! I NEVER write reviews for ANYTHING , but this a big deal for me and I know there are other people out there who feel the pain that skin problems can create , both physically and emotionally . Yes , I 've only used it once so far , -LRB- twice , actually , because I just put some more on when woke up ! -RRB- but I have a great feeling about this product and recommend it to anyone with sensitive skin who has tried everything else with no luck .
 Philosophy products are very eye catching . Their smart , clean looking bottles and the cool names given to each . I work with skin care products and do n't always believe what they claim . There are usually far too many claims to be made that simply ca n't be done to someones skin.This product however , is pretty good . It 's a fairly good moisturiser that could honestly sell for less considering the cost of the product , but it does do the job it promises . The only problem I have with it , is that for someone with sensitive skin , there is far too much frangrant extracts in here . It can not be good for sensitive skin . I 'd recommend this to Dry skin people only .
 It seems that everyone either loves or hates this moisturizer . Personally , I love it . I 've been using the product for over 6 months now and I ca n't imagine going back to my old moisturizer or even trying something new . To be fair , I 've never had especially problematic skin , but when I started using this product , I began receiving a lot of compliments on my skin . I feel like it moisturizes really well and when I wake up the next morning my skin still feels really soft and moisturized . I 've seen people complain about the scent of this moisturizer - I had never really thought of it before I heard their complaints . I 'd probably agree that it 's not the best-scented moisturizer , but I would n't say it was bad either . Personally I 'm more concerned with it 's moisturizing capability than it 's scent . You can often find sample or trial size containers of this product at Sephora if you 're interested in trying it out without making a big investment in the product .
 I have suffered from rosacia for the past nine years . As I was fairly young to be starting through a change of life , I had no idea what was causing my complexion problems . Not understanding -LRB- or expecting -RRB- what was happening to my skin , I made many many mistakes during the first year or so , trying to remedy the symptoms with countless products formulated more for adult acne or aging tired skin , bad idea . If you have rosacea or very sensitive skin , you know that sometimes it seems that all you need do is touch your skin the wrong way and you break out , let alone slathering some chemically based , perfumed , or exfoliating -LRB- ground pits and the like -RRB- product on your face . This becomes especially discouraging when you are also beginning to see the normal signs of aging but sensitivities wo n't allow you to take advantage of some of the great treatments out there to nourish your skin and stay a step ahead of the wrinkles , not to mention feeling starved for the moisture which is the real key to younger , healthy looking skin . After awhile I was afraid to try anything else , so I just stopped . I washed my face gently and left it at that . Well it only got worse and I felt like a dried up prune . Enter Philosophy hope in a jar for dry sensitive skin . It 's as if this product was made just for me . Now instead of people asking me `` what 's wrong with your face ? '' they ask , `` what type of skincare do you use ? '' Since I 've been using The Philosophy skin care line , I find I guite often feel comfortable going out without makeup , something I had rarely done since my twenties . Since sun protection is so important , Philosophy offers a product called , When hope is not enough with spf 20 for daytime which comes in a bottle , but I have found that my skin responds much better to the Hope in a jar-dry sensitive formula , then followed by Philosophy 's seperate sunsreen called Shelter-spf 15 . This is because `` Shelter '' does not contain vitamin C or peptides and has a slightly lower concentration of sunscreens , contrary to the spf-20 moisurizer combo . You may be able to get by with the combination product and save a few bucks , but the aforementioned ingredients in it do not agree with my sensitivities , especially the vitamin C . As for the much needed exfoliation dilemma , try philosophy 's , Micro-delivery peel pads or their `` Peel kit '' both are soothing and non-abrasive . Hope this helps and enjoy your new skin !
 Hello , I have been using this product since I was 16 . I live in a warm/cold climate and I get those dry scales on my nose during the winter . This solves that problem completely . Highly recommend .
 I originally got a 2 oz . jar with the purchase of my clarisonic . I was skeptical because my skin is sensitive to so many things.I read some of the reviews and do n't agree with the complaints on the smell . It 's a soft smell that is kind of floral . The scent does n't last that long at all.After 1 week of using hope in a jar my skin was incredibly soft and looked amazing . I even quit using my clarisonic for a month just to see if using philosphy products really work well on their own . They DO !!! I use the face wash and hope in a jar everyday and love my skin.My skin normally gets dry and flaky in the winter but this has stopped my face from flaking away !
 I absolutely have found MY moisturizer . After searching for a long time for moisture without breaking out . Will order again .
 i had heard so much about this product in various different places that i considered not buying it just because i thought ther was no way it could live up to all the hype , but i was pleasantly suprised . my face feels softer and more plump -LRB- in a good , hydrated kind of way -RRB- i am very happy with it and will most likely purchase this again
 With this cream , a little goes a long way . It is not greasy nor oily feeling . Just the right amount of moisture needed .
 This is a wonderful product . I highly reccomend it!I have Lupus and what is referred to as `` the butterfly mask '' , which is a red rash on my forehead , cheeks and across the bridge of my nose . It is not the same texture as the rest of my skin , but since I have started using Hope in a Jar it is much smoother and softer . It also has lessened the redness . Another great thing about this product is you need to use very little , it really goes a long way and will last .
 I started buying this product after I saw it on Oprah 's favorite things . It is great ! It is really light on the skin . I have oily skin and a lot of creams and moisturizers make me break out . This never does . It make my face feel soft and subtle . It 's great when you fly when traveling , too , because you can apply it and not feel like you have anything on except fresh skin ! I am not often satisfied with skin care products and switch around a lot . But I have used this every day for at least 2 years and always make sure I have an extra . It lives up to it 's name !
 This is the BEST moisturizer ever !!! It not only moisturizes , but it offers so many other benefits . . it gives the skin a younger , more youthful appearance . I love it and do n't want to use anything else !
 I heard about this stuff at work when we where doing a profile on this company . The women on our team just loved the products , so I bought some for my wife and she loves it better then anything else she has ever used . And wholly smokes is her skin soft !! Now when I get slapped in the face it is so much more comfortable for me.Hey Dudes , looking for something cool for your wife or just tired of getting bruise marks from getting hit with not so soft skin , then pick up a jar of this stuff today.Highly recommended and it smells good too !
 I got a gift set for yule and like it so far . This moisturizer is a bit heavy , but if used sparingly it will last forever and feel much lighter . I love the smell ! I 've never been good with any products that have a scent because of my allergies . I get contact dermatitis when I touch soap/laundry detergent/dish soap or lotion/body butter which takes forever to clear up . I also suffer from pretty severe adult acne which gets worse if I come into contact with most products . I love this used after the microdelivery cleanser . It makes my face smooth and does n't irritate my acne at all . My acne is clearing up and in winter with dry skin patches , this moisturizer helps a lot . I would n't use it without washing and exfoliating first , as it can be heavy if too much is used .
 Philosophy hope in a jar is the best face moisturizer i have ever used and i will use it forever . Excellent product .
 This product does wonders for your face . Feels like silk on your face . Hope in a jar is a wonderful moisturizer.I use in the morning and also before bed . HOPE IN A JAR is for every skin type . .
 I have always loved the fresh smell off philosophy . It is so clean ans refreshing . The moisturizer leaves my face so smooth and soft . It works so well under makeup and looks so smooth .
 LOVE LOVE LOVE Philosophy 's Hope in a Jar Moisturizer ! It 's like a light souffle that gets immediately absorbed in my skin & does n't leave any greasy residue ! This is the only moisturizer I can use year round ... strong enough to take care of any winter dry skin but light enough to use all summer -LRB- & I live in humid Atlanta ! -RRB- . A little goes a loooong way , a 4oz jar takes care of me for A YEAR ! Additionally , I like that it does n't have a strong perfume smell & I 've had no adverse reaction to it . HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 I have used this moisturizer for the last 10 years and I love it more and more ! I use this when I cleanse at night and wake up lovely !
 This product was quite well-received . I gave it to my sister , who uses all the expensive stuff , but she thought this was superior .
 This product is very moist and comportable , just like icecream , but the smell is not acceptable , when the first time I use it , I really do n't want to use it any more . But when I use it the 2nd time , I felt the smell is a little bit better.I heard that the cream for dry skin is better , I will try it next time !
 I love this face lotion it 's not to heavy nor too light ! This is the perfect size since a little goes a long way
 I ca n't express how much I love this product , everything about it , from the smooooth texture , to the smell -LRB- yes , I do actually love the smell -RRB- , to the results ! No other moisturizer works . A lot of people complain about the smell but really , it does grow on you and it has become a really comforting and relaxing smell to me . I have rosacea and acne prone skin and this helps sooth everything . It soaks in immediately and leaves my skin soft and plump ! Wo n't go without it .
 This is the best moisturizer I 've ever used by far ! I 've repurchased 3 times and I do n't want to ever use anything else . It makes my face feel so smooth and moisturized without feeling greasy . I use this after washing my face with Philosophy 's Purity cleanser and my face has never been so clear . I recommend using the two together . There 's a good reason people rave about this product !
 I love this product ! I have used it for years and was thrilled to find a lower price . -LRB- on the Philosophy website it is $ 39 -RRB- I made the mistake one time of ordering the regular hope in a jar . It is more watery in consistency and probably great for younger people with more oily skin . I have found that this helps with a wrinkle line between my eyes and tightens a large pore that I have trouble with . I only use it at night .
 I was looking all over for a good moisturizer for my dry skin and I found it with hope in a jar . Best thing is that it was sent to me so quickly !
 Everyone in my family has had acne in their 30 's . I turned 30 last September and almost like clockwork began breaking out . I switched to Philosophy Purity face wash and this lotion and my face has never looked better . My pores are smaller and my skin is clear minus maybe one pimple a month . This is a very lightweight formula which is great b/c I hate weighty things on my skin especially in summer . I have ordered a second batch and signed up for auto delivery ! Well worth the $ $ $ .
 I love this stuff ! It does n't really make anyoutrageous claims to improve the skin , but nothing goes on smoother and makes my skin feel natural like this moisturizer . After spending hundreds of dollars for jars of wonder products I never finish , it is great to find one that just does the job - makes my skin look and feel great .
 i love this product ... appears authentic . absorbs well and spf lasts well . came in a tube instead of jar so the seller may need to update photo . great product ... would def buy again .
 First of all I have really sensative skin , anything will pretty much break me out . I have been using this for about a year now and it makes my skin have a really nice glow to it . Also this is wonderful in the winter time for when my skin gets dry . The texture is amazing it really is unlike any mosturizer that I have tried . I would also like to point out that it lasts a long time I bought a kit from philosophy 's site a year ago and Im still not out .
 I used this years ago and it was very nice and left my skin so smooth and soft . Unfortunately I ran out and the price then was more than now , so I stopped using this wonderful face moisturizer . When I did use it , this cream was silky smooth , lightly scented and within days cleared up all dryness and soothed the irritation on my face . I have very sensitive skin and this did not once cause a break out or rash , not even burn . Now that I 've found this cream again here on Amazon I ordered a couple , one for my grandmother since mothers day is coming up !
 I love this moisturizer . I first heard of this product from the Oprah favorite things special and decided to give it a try . I have dry skin and no other product has worked for me , except this one . A small nickle sized amount on my face will last the whole day without needed additional applications . I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone .
 I have suffered from acne and combination oily/dry skin for 15 years . Numerous people recommended this product , but not wanting to splurge on something I had never tried , I bought the starte kit including Purity cleanser , Help Me retinol treatment , and Hope in a Jar . From the DAY I started using the set , I have not had one patch of dry skin , even around my eyebrows which were a common dry place when stressed . I think it has a light pleasant scent , and feels lightweight yet moisturizing - wo n't leave you sticky feeling like other creams do . My skin tone is more even , and there are no dry areas . A very fresh , clean feeling for sure!The only reason I can think some people do not like the scent is because it is in a jar and fingers dipped in the jar may leave behind bacteria that over time may smell unpleasant . I have the small .5 oz jar , and for $ 30 -LRB- the set -RRB- was WELL worth it and has last a couple months !
 My skin has been really dry all my life and I 've tried all kinds of moisturizers from things like Cetaphil from the drug store to $ 100 creams from make up counters and nothing truly worked . Recently at 32 , I started breaking out even though my skin is dry . I 've never had breakouts before , even as a teenager . I had always heard of Hope In a Jar and decided to give it a try and it is AMAZING ! It 's not too heavy and not too light and my zits are clearing up rapidly since I started using this product , Plus , the small lines I 'm getting around my mouth and eyes look almost non-existent now . I 'm not one to post reviews but this product is so awesome I had to . If you have really dry sensitive skin or dry skin that still breaks out , this will hopefully work wonders for you as it has me !
 I 'm not understanding ... maybe I did not purchase the same Hope in a Jar the other reviewers are talking about because , one , this moisturizer is really good and two what smell ? if anything it has a light medicinal smell nothing overwhelming not heavy and def not perfumey which I think these other people probably want on their face a strong perfumey moisterizer that smells really good but doesnt do a damn thing yea ive bought those too ... Anyway im new to the Philosophy family and I am glad I did so far no problems and no breakouts and most importantly my face looks and feels great ...
 I 'm 23 years old , 5 months post-acne -LRB- thank you acne.org ! -RRB- and I 've got discolored , scarred skin that becomes extremely dry and scaley , but ca n't be exfoliated physically -LRB- only chemically -RRB- . I put Hope In A Jar on my face two nights ago and COULD NOT BELIEVE MY EYES the next morning . The retinols balanced my skin tone overnight , the dead skin was no where to be found , and my skin was GLOWING . No oiliness , no breakout , no flakes hanging around anywhere , and my foundation went on seamlessly : -RRB- Most astonishing was what it did to my skin tone . Discoloration ? What discoloration!Thanks Oprah !!!!!
 I have tried so many different types of expensive moisturizers and i found the best one ever . I have been using it for only 1 month and i already see the difference in my skin texture . He has lightened some dark under the chin spots . I highly recommend this product .
 My significant other uses it to moisturizer his ... nether regions post-trim down . He swears that it keeps ingrowns at bay and makes it that much more comfortable . Definitely worthwhile for moisturizing the face , and other parts of the body .
 Love it I use it ever night wan I order it , it came on time I like not going in a store and spending money on gas ...
 very fast and very good service got here on time and my mother loves it ... maybe more in the near future
 I ran out of this moisturizer and went about 2 weeks using another product . How fast I remembered just how good this felt on my face after using it again the first night . Not greasy at all . Looks and smells so nice .
 I received this product about two weeks ago , and I must say I think it is wonderful ! I have read that some people have a problem with the scent and am totally flabbergasted at that observation , as the scent -LRB- to me -RRB- is one of the most delicate and unintrusive of any product that I have EVER used ! I have oily/combination skin , and the product is quickly absorbed which is a definite plus for me . My skin is also extremely sensitive , and I have had NO negative reactions !! Would recommend this to anyone !!
 I actually buy this for my husband . It is his favorite face cream after shaving . He never wants to be without it .
 It 's her favorite.The price is not too bad considering it last forever . : -RRB- And her beauty is important for me . ; -RRB-
 It 's not greasy and it absorbs into my skin almost immediately . I like the smell although I have read that others do n't .
 I 'm no stranger to Philosophy products - I like most of what I 've purchased so decided to try this product as I was looking for another day cream . I thought it worked great . It gives you an almost airbrushed appearance . Make up goes on smoother and I find after using this , I do n't need a primer . There are days when I 'm in a hurry and forget to put this on and you can tell the difference immediately . -LRB- It 's that feeling of looking in your rear view mirror in the morning and seeing the difference up close and personal - o m g - ugh -RRB- . It diminishes the look of fine lines and wrinkles and gives my skin a much more supple look . Five stars - for SURE .
 I LOVE this moisturizer . I have tried everything from drugstore products to department store products to pricey creams like Dr. Perricone ... but hope in a jar is the best ! It is light and absorbs quickly . My skin is clear , smooth , and finally has the healthy glow I 've always wanted . I LOVE the scent . It smells fresh , clean , and natural , with a base of Lavender ... which is one of my favorite scents . I guess some people either just do n't like the scent of lavender , do n't appreciate NATURAL fragrances or have never smelled lavender before , by reading the reviews . I love the scent , so for me , it 's the icing on the cake . This moisturizer is perfect ! -LRB- And I consider myself to have sensitive skin -RRB- Love , love , love !!!
 This is by far the best moisturizer I 've ever used ! My skin is combination and I put this on after I get out of the shower in the morning and it feels fresh and soft all day long ! I will never use another one again !
 I love this moisturizer ! It has a unique texture that goes on very smoothly and in a nice thin layer . I have combination skin that is prone to breakouts and I do n't find this moisturizer irritating in the least . I wear it under Bare Minerals foundation and I feel like it helps my foundation say on longer . I also use this at night after washing withPhilosophy Purity Made Simple One-Step Facial Cleanser , 8 Ounce . I know that others complained about the scent - I think it is fine . It has a very light , fresh scent that is not at all overpowering . A bit on the pricey side for me , but I am quickly becoming a Philosophy junkie !
 I love everything Philosophy and fell in love all over again after I used hope in a jar for the first time . It is so light , you do n't need to use much and after one week I could clearly feel and see a difference in the softness of my skin . Wish I could use it all over my body , LOVE IT !!
 I wanted to try something new . So I decided on this mousterizer and the cleanser . I was n't too excited to pay so much . After I received my order I 'd have to say its worth it . I love that its not a thick heavy cream . Its slides on nice and thin and I do n't have to put more on after 10 mins . My skin is no longer flaky dry . Its awesome ! My face looks younger . I LOVE IT !
 I think this is a great product if you have extremely dry skin . It is definitely heavier than the regular `` hope in a jar '' lotion . I plan to use it a lot this winter . This past summer I only used it on the areas of my face that got a lot of sun exposure . If your skin tends to get oily anywhere , this lotion will make that area extremely greasy . If your skin tends to be dry only in small areas , I would spot-treat with this or buy the regular lotion -LRB- which I have also used and love -RRB- .
 So I am 22 years old , and I have never written a review for any product ... and thats basically because I 'm just lazy and have never found anything worth letting people know about ... HOWEVER , I was suggested this moisturizer by the lady in ULTA and so I took it home to try ... and WOW do I love it ... Granted it does have a slight rubbery smell , but I do n't buy moisturizer for the smell I buy it for the results ... and man it was everything I could ask for ! I 've only been using it 3 days and I love the texture , its soft and light and a little goes a long way . I also love that you only have to use a VERY small amount to cover your whole face so I dont feel like I 'm smothering my pores . I use this product morning and night all over my face along with the Keep it Clear Retinol on my breakout area on my cheek and chin and already my face is glowing from the moment I wake up . I used to use eye cream for the dark circles I get on my eyes from working long hours but now I do n't have to ! ... It tightens , brightens , hydrates , and evens out your skin tone . What more could you ask for ? I can not BELIEVE all the ONE star ratings for this product ... They are MAD or all `` coincidentally '' have the same allergy ... But I 'm guessing its people from another company . Sorry guys , cant beat this product and its 38 dollars at a beauty store so $ 27 at amazon is a steal !
 It is easily absorbed and make my face soft . very suitable for dry skin . I would buy it again and would like to recommend to my friends
 This product leaves your skin feeling very moist . It 's got a very refreshing aroma to it . It 's ideal for individuals who have normal/combination skin types . However , it may not be the best skincare cream for those with very dry skin . I personlly have very dry spots around my mouth and the dry spots are still evident even after I apply the cream on those specific spots .
 I have combination skin . During the summer months , it 's a little oily in the T-zone area but extremely dry during the Winter especially in the T-zone area . I am from Honolulu , HI but with my husband being in the Army we have been in the South for the last six years , which has turned my almost pore-less non congested skin into having enlarged pores around my cheeks and somewhat congested skin . I 've used Dermalogica products , Arconia , DDF , MURAD , Perricone , and prescription Retin-A . I just tried PCA Phaze 13 gel and I got red bumps like a rash all over my chin and cheek area . It was just awful ; it looked like I had acne of a thriteen year old ! I did n't want to irritate my skin so I washed it with Purity soap and put on the hope in a jar before going to sleep . This worked wonders because the red bumps are gone and I do n't have flaky skin around my nose area . I know topical over the counter treatments wo n't get a person the same results as seeing a dermatologist . If you have serious skin issues that are deeper than just the surface layer of your skin , than you would have to see a professional . I 've never picked at a pimple in my entire life or over-used any product . I do n't leave the house w / out suncreen that blocks out both UVA and UVB rays . If you are wanting miracles than this is n't the product for you , -LRB- a professional chemical peel would be -RRB- but if you are seeking a moisturizer that is n't greasy and wo n't irritate your skin , than this is it ... The smell and texture reminds me of Noxema . This is definitely my go to along with a seperate 50 + UVA and UVB sunblock that does n't clog pores . Remember a skin care regime needs to be done religiously for 6-8 weeks to see any results especially if you are n't using aggresive treatments .
 I have extremely sensitive skin and this line of products really works for me - I 've been using Philosophy products for about 2 months , and noticed a huge difference right away . I 'd given up on finding any product that I could use successfully . Philosophy Hope In A Jar Therapeutic Moisturizer For Dry Sensitive Skin has to be my favorite - my skin is very sensitive and very dry , with dry patches in the winter especially . Nothing seemed to help balance out my skin except this line of products ! Highly recommend .
 I have sensitive , acne prone skin and have been searching for a moisturizer that does n't make me break out , turn red -LRB- due to skin irritation -RRB- , or leave my face looking perpetually greasy . I finally came across Philosophy 's Hope in a Jar moisturizer and it 's amazing . The product makes my pores look smaller , evens out my skin tone , and makes my face look healthy rather than greasy . The lactic acid in the product helps clear up scarring and removes dead , superficial layers of skin to reveal healthy skin and prevent pore-clogging and breakouts . The product is expensive , but a very very small bit of the moisturizer goes a long way .
 Compared to my previous moisturizer , the feel of this is amazing . It 's very , very light and soaks into my skin immediately . I did n't realize how cloying and thick feeling my other moisturizer was until I did a side-by-side comparison . Good stuff !
 My husband purchased this for me for Christmas . I love the way it makes my skin feel . I have used other philosophy products and love them too . I am curious though , the back of this jar says `` not for individual sale '' so I 'm assuming this jar was part of a kit ? . Can they do that ? Just curious .
 One of the very few creams that last all day . With most creams for dry skin , the skin needs topping up with a little more cream after a few hours , but with this cream it does n't . I tried it over the winter months and can not rate it highly enough .
 I have sensitive/dry skin and this is the only moisturizer I will use . No more tightness . With some other moisturizers for sensitive skin , they would feel good right away but after a few minutes it felt like they had n't moisturized at all . It has a very light , refreshing smell .
 I love Hope in a Jar . I have had eczema under my nose for over a year . Hope in a Jar has made my eczema disappear in a week . I have used so many creams and even RX steroid cream for the eczema but this is the only thing that has helped thus far . It treats my dry areas perfectly and leaves me feeling perfectly moisturized . My skin feels so soft after use . I would recommend this product 100 % for anyone looking for a great moisturizer .
 As a fairly laid back guy , I never used -LRB- actually never thought of using -RRB- face lotions and creams . I was was always on a plane traveling to different countries so my skin became real dry . Someone recommended Hope in a Jar to me -LRB- about 6 years ago -RRB- and I have been using it ever since . I have very sensitive skin and this lotion has never irritated me one bit . As for the smell , I think it is awesome . I am surprised that people are so offended by it .
 I have tried several creams , and philosophy wins hands down . Not too greasy nor too drying . The tub does last for a couple of months as well so it is well worth the price . I have tried Hope in a Jar for sensitive skin and spf . This and the one for sensitive skin are both excellent . A +
 It takes a lot to get me to spend more than 10 bucks on something for my beauty routine and if you 've actually convinced me to spend that 10 bucks , I probably have a coupon hidden away somewhere to make the cost less ! But , when a friend started raving about Hope in a Jar and all the good things it does for her skin , I was tempted to try it and was able to find a small jar for only $ 15.00 at my local Sephora store . I can not tell you how fast I was hooked onto this moisturizer!I have oily skin and am prone to breakouts along my chin and I 've tried tons of different moisturizing products , but all are too heavy and/or greasy for someone with an oil issue . This one is super light and non-greasy and absorbs into my skin within just a minute or two , rather than the 10-15 minutes I would wait with the heavier creams . I only use the tiniest bit each day , so this really small jar has already lasted me about 3 months and it 's not even 3/4 of the way gone.I liked the scent , it was n't perfumey or overly medicinal , it just smelled like unscented lotion , which was nice . And though it does n't matter for the use of the product , the styling of the jar is cool and modern , which makes these Philosophy products great for gifts.My only `` complaint '' is that this particular formula does not include sunscreen . I 've since been informed that there is a `` High Performance '' formula that includes SPF 25 , but it 's more expensive . Sunscreen is pretty necessary these days and most moisturizing products and makeup products automatically come with it , so that was disappointing.Other than that , I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 I used this cream five years ago , an unsealed 2-oz . jar I bought on eBay just to experiment with because I had heard such great reviews . I remember the consistency being quite solid and the smell extremely chemical , although it did fade very quickly after application . I was 25 at the time , prone to breakouts , and I live in an extremely dry , cold climate at 7,000 feet with up to 7-month winters . My first experience with Hope in a Jar was n't super ; it made my skin sensitive , albeit very soft , and I felt a mild burning or tingling after application . I quit after a couple of weeks and went back to Aquaphor.Five years later I found 1-oz jar at TJ Maxx -LRB- $ 20 instead of $ 30 at Sephora -RRB- and thought I 'd try it again . I 'm glad I did ; I 've tried everything from Clinique to Avon , natural oils like jojoba and olive and shea , Olay and Neutrogena , Eucerin , Elizabeth Arden , La Mer , prescription creams , and Cetaphil . My skin was STILL flaky and spotty . The sealed jar I got this time contains a very different substance , a much creamier , less chemical-smelling lotion . After two months of use during the harshest weather of the year , my skin has completely cleared up , is soft and even toned , never too oily , and occasional exfoliation keeps it from being flaky at all . It is n't sensitive and makeup goes on a lot easier when I bother to wear it , but I almost feel I do n't have to . The smell reminds me of a gin and tonic , oddly enough . It smells clean to me.Skin 's needs change as it ages . My skin has clearly changed a lot in the last five years ; products I used a few years ago do n't necessarily work the same anymore . Everyone 's skin is going to react differently to different products -LRB- especially if the product contains specific ingredients they 're sensitive to -RRB- , but I also wonder if people are n't getting expired products or keeping them around too long . This product 's smell begins to get stronger as soon as the seal is broken , and continues to do so until it 's used up or discarded . I 've discovered that keeping it in the fridge not only keeps the smell from becoming overpowering but also keeps the consistency smooth and is very refreshing to apply.I 'm glad I got a better sample of this product . I 'll probably use it until my skin changes again and rejects it . I 've come across other products that are inconsistent - things like Farouk Silk Oil treatment I absolutely buy at a salon instead of Wal * Mart or the grocery store ; I 'm convinced they 're distributing a lower-quality product to discount stores , because you find bottles that are watered down and smell like alcohol.I 'm amused by the very angry and disappointed reviews I find on here . I do n't think I 've ever seen this product marketed as a miracle cream , and I wish people would be analytical instead of emotional when they write a review so it 's helpful to others . There 's not a lot of middle ground ; people seem to either love it or hate it . I 'm happy with it for now , and even happier that they 've come out with a version that contains sunscreen . I 'm trying that next .
 Hope in a Jar is a terrific moisturizer . It leaves my skin soft and well hydrated but not greasey . It does n't smell that great but it 's tolerable .
 This product is great for people that color their hair . It smooths and adds an extra conditioning at the same time . I have thick but fine hair and it does n't weigh it down . It smooths the fly aways and smells awesome too . I 've been using this product for years . Works great for straightening too .
 This polish is amazing and it smells awesome . I first purchased it at a salon about five years ago . I have had to buy it online since . It is worth it , though . It also lasts a long time . It makes my hair smooth and frizz-free . Conditioner is too heavy for my hair so a lot of the time I just wash it with shampoo , dry and straighten it , and then add Scruples Soothing Polish . It works great .
 I love it ! This is a cleaning smelling scent that lingers all day long . I receive many compliments when I have it on .
 I LOVE Yakshi roll on fragrance oils ! They are natural , gluten free and perfect for people like me with chemical sensitivities who want to be able to wear a fragrance without getting sick . It looks Yakshi has gotten even better by offering natural fragrance oils too -- ca n't wait to try one !
 I purchased the Fresh Vanilla scent , which smells similar to sugar cookies . It smells great & it lasts for hours !
 I bought a Yakshi sandalwood roll on just like this -LRB- actually , the oil is more clear/beige , not yellow -RRB- and it is the most highly scented fragrance oil I 've ever used ! Usually fragrance oils seep into your skin and the scent all but dissapears so I was very impressed because the scent with this oil lingers . I LOVE their sandalwood scent . Highly recommended , well worth the price ... truly an excellent product . I may have to buy another one once mine runs out .
 Many I know are chemically sensitive so this product fits the bill . My mother & I use it because it 's a gentle , natural selection rather than a perfume that give us both a headache . I 've been using this product for years . The store I got it from closed & I was relieved to find Amazon carried it . Thank-you .
 This is a handy fragrance refresher to have in a purse . Nice fragrance . I 'd like to try the Sandalwood scent also .
 If you like the smell of sandalwood , you 'll love this . It might smell slightly different in the bottle but once it 's on the skin the fragrance comes alive . Reminds me of the sandalwood soaps from India .
 Perfect ! My brother says i smell like cake . I could not be happier with this product ! Will order again . Thanks !
 An excellent perfume ... I 've always loved it on women ! Balenciaga creates some of the best scents to come out of France . The only gripe I have about it is the bottle did not as `` full '' as I expected . It seemed like some of the contents either leaked out or we were intentionally `` scammed '' out of an eighth of the contents . Who really knows ?
 This sunblock has a very pleasant smell . It goes on easy with the spray bottle . I use it on my kids and myself .
 Took a chance on this product , and works miracles , I love it !!! I will purchase it in the future !!!!
 I really like this product . My makeup stayed on so much longer and it was created such a nice smooth base for eyeshadow as well . You only need a pea size amount . Make sure to let it soak in for a couple of minutes before applying your base or it can create some sort of odd pastey-like substance when mixed with your foundation too early .
 I 'm 46 , still prone to a breakout now and then , large pores , and very oily skin . This product is great to reduce the appearance of pores and even out skin tone . Better yet is that it does a great job of keeping shine away ! I wear a light liquid foundation over it when I go to work ; use it on its own on the weekends . But , as the other reviewers have said , a little goes a long way and you DO need to let it set up for 2 minutes . -LRB- I put my body lotion on while waiting for it to set ; that way I do n't `` forget '' to wait to put my makeup on . -RRB- Oh , and it smells FABULOUS ! I believe it has lavender in it.I also bought a tube of the Supernatural face tint with SPF . For some odd reason , I do n't like it . It does n't keep the shine away , and it has an odd , greasy feel to it .
 I love this an use it as a moisturizer for my dry and sensitive skin . I did n't even know it was a line an pore filler but will try to notice next time I put foundation over it . I recommend this product .
 WHEN IT COMES TO A FOUNDATION FOR YOUR FACE ... YOU HAVE JUST HIT THE JACKPOT ! ~ !!!!! `` THE PRESENT '' BY PHILOSOPHY GIVES THAT SMOOTH AS SILK AIRBRUSHED LOOK . YOU WILL NEVER AGAIN HAVE TO ATTEMPT TO MATCH YOUR FACIAL HUE , THAT CHANGES DAILY . THIS LITTLE TUBE OF MIRACLES ... WILL BE THE PERFECT SHADE ON THE COLDEST DARK WINTER DAY AND THE SUNNIEST SUMMER DAY WHEN YOU HAVE EARNED YOUR DEEPEST ~ DARKEST TAN ... ITS CALLED '' THE PRESENT '' . IT GOES ON CLEAR AND GIVES COMPLETE FLAWLESS COVERAGE ! `` THE PRESENT '' IS THE MISSING COSMETIC YOU HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR . GET YOUR AIRBRUSHED LOOK NOW ... YOUR FACE WILL BE ON THE A ~ LIST !!!
 i used variety of diffent primers . . and this one does make my skin feel minty-fresh as i put it on.but after 2mins -LRB- like the direction says -RRB- it drys out ; i whether recommend you M.A.C primer
 The Present is in a class by itself ! I have never seen a facial product do more ! After applying sunscreen and/or moisturizer , apply The Present . This product will make your foundation -LRB- preferably philosophy airbrush canvas -RRB- go on smoothly , and makes it adhere to your skin . Your skin is smoothed out filling in lines and wrinkles , as well as large pores . It is just the greatest product ever . Sharon Perkins , Cordele , GA
 Great product ! It does not make my skin break-out AND after applying I do n't need foundation ! It gives your skin an air-brushed look , minimizes pores , evens skin tone , etc. . Word of caution
 I see a lot of rave reviews and wonder what age the reviewers are . I think it makes a difference . I was tired of the commonly available makeup in stores that target older women . They are so heavy and pasty , and look terrible as the day wears on . Rather than minimize wrinkles and fine lines , they seem to accentuate it by settling in the creases.I switched from that regimen to this along with the Philosophy powder foundation . I 've been using this for about 2 months now . The primer alone is fine for weekends , but I need the additional powder for work/more formal settings . I 'm pretty happy with the results compared to the above . It wears well throughout the day as well ; I do n't cringe when I look in the mirror after a long day at work . However , if a product is going to call itself ` perfect ' , it sets the bar really high for reviews . I do plan on trying some other products after I use up my current supply , so the jury is still out on this one .
 Amazing ! I have been hunting for a good under makeup primer for a long time . I am an adult acne sufferer who uses Retin-A , but I still get areas of break-outs , oily T-zone , and due to the Retin-A flaky , dry skin patches . I use mineral makeup because creams and liquids feel like they melt off my face half-way through the day . Minerals being the other option , are better , but lack the coverage that I 'd ideally like . But this foundation/primer keeps the mineral powder from being disappearing and gives my skin an airbrush look -LRB- just as advertised ! -RRB- . Thus far , I 've found the key to be using the smallest amount -LRB- a thin , finger tip size smear -RRB- amount and waiting 2 minutes or more before applying foundation , finishing veil , and bronzer . Ca n't speak to pore minimizing , but that was n't what I was interested in . I got what I wanted ! Strongly recommend this to people with problem skin like mine .
 This product is everything I hoped it would be . I generally do n't like the feel of makeup on my face , but with the Present , I can smooth some on , and wear it all day and still feel like my skin can breath . It does indeed smooth out the irregularities in my skin and give an overall improved appearance . It amazes me everytime I use it . A little goes a long way , and it is definitely worth the price .
 I got a sample size of The Present recently with an order I got from Sephora , and I must say that I really like it . I have n't run into any of the problems that other reviewers have had with it getting gummy , but then I also use a dry foundation -LRB- bare minerals if you 're curious -RRB- over the top of it , and it works like a charm . I have to say that I like the present better than the foundation primer I was using previously which was from Smashbox , the present is cheaper and you get more for your money as opposed to the Photo finish foundation primer I was using . I also like that its a moisturizer in and of itself so I do n't have to worry about dry skin , which now that its the winter months is really nice . I would definitely recommend this product to people with uneven skin , and to get the best results you should probably use a mineral foundation instead of a liquid foundation .
 My mom gave me a sample of this a while ago and I fell in love with it ! I know some say it felt like glue going on , that 's not true in my opinion . It is a little thicker than a face cream , but it does the trick making your face look smooth after you put foundation on ! I get compliments on how smooth my face looks , almost flawless ... it would n't be like that without this product trust me ... I have tried it without and it is not the same ! Great buy if you ask me !!
 Purchased this product , because I heard everything great about PHILOSPHY ... I usually do not purchase facial creams , etc. over the counter ... -LRB- I have presription products from my dermatologist -RRB- I am 54 with very oily skin . I have no wrinkles but I still have occacional breakouts . `` The Present '' keeps the oils under control , I am very impressed . . furthermore it did not cause any irritation or breakouts !!! Love it !!
 This seems like a good product . If you 're used to wearing liquid foundation like I am then it 's not going to be a miracle product but it does make the foundation that you do wear look smoother . I will most definitely use this for special occasions under my foundation when I want to look flawless ! I have some discoloration and other marks , this product does n't conceal any of that but I do n't think it is meant for that . I think it would work best on those who wear mineral powder foundation or no makeup at all , needing just a subtle improvement . It aslo seems a bit drying and the next day my skin is a little flakey so if you have dry skin I suggest wearing an oil free moisturizer underneath .
 This cream acts almost like a thin coat of paint primer . It is very lightweight , but it does fill in those fine lines .
 This is the perfect primer ... minimizes pores , controls shine , glues my foundation onto my face ... which means no more makeup meltdown ! I hear you should careful with this though ... because the lavender oil can cause break-outs , but it seems totally fine on my face .
 A few years ago I received this in a gift bag of philosophy products and tried it just to see what it was . I have loved and used it ever since that time . I do not use any makeup except for eye makeup . This glides on your face smoothly and evenly and makes your skin silky smooth . As it says , it is clear and really enhances your natural skin . This tube will last me at least a year . It only takes a small amount to cover your entire face . I urge anyone who has a makeup free complexion to give this a try .
 The tacky consistency makes this product a PERFECT makeup primer , especially for oily skin . Slippery silicon primers mixed with oily skin is just a mess and makeup tends to slide off the face . The Present allows the makeup to really stick to the face and stay put . I will never use anything else for primer!EDIT : - Downgraded one star after using a different foundation.-Certain foundations , when used with this primer , do not blend well at all -LRB- Revlon colorstay in particular for me -RRB- .
 I was introduced to this product at a local sephora store about 2 years ago and have been in love ever since . Great base make up ; you put it on after your lotion ; let it sit for 2 minutes and then I put loose powder on . That is it . Amazon is awesome for offering the subscribe and save as it knocks a couple dollars off of the standard price . One bottle lasts me about 6 months so you do n't use too much of the product . Also the EWGT rates this product as a 3 -LRB- one a scale of 0 to 10 -RRB- which is a plus as it does n't contain as many chemicals as many of the products out there . Wonderful and will continue to use .
 I really wanted a product that I could wear all year no matter how light or dark I got . I also have splotchy skin occasionally that I wanted to have covered up . This product fits the bill nicely . After I put this on I put a light layer of translucent powder from bamboo wear . It looks very nice with the powder but if I wanted I could just wear it by itself .
 This is a great product . It works well under make up and also when you do n't want to wear any make up .
 I get so tired at looking at people who refuse to do even the bare minimum to keep themselves presentable to the world . Terrific you do n't want to do skin care . Then wear a veil . Because when I do business with you , I do n't want to see your ugly uncared for skin . This product meets the bare minimum standard for those `` silly rabbits '' who think they can exist in this competitive world with only the pure light of their souls shining out . It also makes an excellent primer for none-breakthrough long daywear for the smart ones in the bunch . You know , those sadly vain individuals who actually make the effort NOT to be scary ? My super sensitive skin tolerates this well . Highly recommended .
 I recently bought this product after hearing and reading great reviews on it -LRB- the good ones out weighed the bad -RRB- as I got the chicken pox in the summer and was left with large scars on my cheeks.The present seriously reduced the size of the marks , by half I would say , which IS BRILLIANT!It also toned down the redness in my skin , which I loved!The only down side -LRB- very small downside -RRB- was after I applied a small amount to my skin and left it to dry for the two mins , putting liquid foundation over it was a little more difficult than usual . More make up has to be applied to avoid a streaky type of look and more blending has to be done -LRB- I use a foundation brush , so it could be a different story using a sponge ... which I think I will try ! -RRB- Although , if you just use a mineral powder foundation , then it goes on effortlessly and looks lovely AND stays on all day long.For that down side mentioned , that is a HUGGGE upside , my makeup stayed on for the whole day , that ca n't be beaten!Ladies and gents , the main reason I got this , as I said , was to reduce the size of the marks left on my face after the chicken pox , and if you are looking for a primer that works on marks and scars , then this is the one for you . A little bit more patience applying foundation is worth it , I promise !
 I got a Philosophy sample package over a year ago and just recently decided to try out this product . -LRB- I 'd seen it advertised on QVC and fell for the fabulous advertising , what can I say ? -RRB- I have to admit , of all the samples I tried -LRB- Hope in a Jar and the eyecream to name a couple -RRB- , this is my all-time favorite and the only one that lives up to the hype.I use it over my inexpensive makeup and it makes my sensitive ` baby boomer ' skin as smooth as silk . In warm weather , I used it alone and it smoothed out my skin and did disguise large pores quite well.If you 've got the bucks , this is an excellent buy . It does n't take much of the product to do the job and I 'll definitely buy more .
 This was my first but definately not last , philosophy purchase and I absolutely love it ! I have a problem conceiling large pores but this does the trick and more . Highly recomend it !
 I love this . I have dry , sensitive skin that is acne-prone . I needed a primer that was healthy for my skin , would not clog pores but would hide them , and that would give me an airbrushed look . This does all that . It was made to be a `` second skin '' to seal in moisturizers and healing creams like scar-fade creams , and to keep out dirt , pollutants and anything else that could clog pores or aggravate your skin.This does n't break me out ; it feels great on my skin ; it seals in my moisturizer , sunscreen and dark spot fade cream -LRB- my medicine layer -RRB- , and then I put this on , waiting the full 2 minutes for it to set , which is important . Then I put m makeup on , knowing my makeup is sitting on this second skin of The Present . The makeup goes on well , not falling into pores or tiny lines , and it stays put longer . My makeup just looks better using this too.A little goes a long way - hard to do because the hole is quite large ; squeeze gently so only a little comes out .
 I do n't like the look of makeup on my face , but I need something to even out my skin tone . I have found the solution to this problem with the Present . I feel more confident about my appearance when I wear it , because I do n't look like I have makeup on , but my face looks smoother and younger . You do n't need much of it - just apply to clean skin . Feels great .
 I had a lot of expectations with this product , although I 've read mixed reviews.My skin is oily and acne-prone , I do n't wear foundation but I do use concealer and mineral powder.This is a very nice primer , the first I 've ever used . It does help with complexion , and oil control and it 's great at that ! If you have redness it will dissipate . I do n't feel it helps to reduce pores or wrinkles . I does n't help to reduce acne but it WONT break you out ... so that 's good . I feel like it also moisturizes the skin and does fill in the skin a little bit -LRB- but not so much that small holes , pores or wrinkles will look that much different -RRB- . It has a matte finish.It is true that you have to let it dry at least 2 minutes , sometimes I even wait 5minutes , so it really works . You do n't have to use a lot , because if you do it will kinda peal off , so it does last for months . . it 's worth the price . . but i would try others to see what it 's like -LRB- the only other one that I 've used it 's the monistat chafing cream and I like the present much more -RRB-
 Does give your skin an airbrushed look , but is also an excellent moisturizer . Also works as a super-performance instant-repair hand lotion .
 I like this skin perfector . It works well on my skin and keeps the moisture locked in all day . I would buy again .
 I love this product . Philosophy products are over priced but this one is worth its price . It makes my skin have a smooth finish . I am in my 40 's and can go out without makeup when wearing this . It does n't cover all of the lines but gives an overall smooth finish .
 I have been using this Philosophy product for years and was happy to find it on Amazon . It is a clear make-up and good for the skin . Hides all blemishes and/or wrinkles yet is not a heavy make-up . I wear it daily under make-up or just to cover my face and keep it smooth . Recommend it highly. ,
 I love this pre-makeup cream . It feels so smooth on my face . I sometimes wear it without putting on foundation , it is that good ! Highly recommend this . Also , a little goes a long way
 I 've been using this product for ages , with a little gap in the middle when I was more inclined to use foundation on a daily basis . It does a great job of disguising pores , softening any fine lines , lessening shine , and giving a more even , smooth look . It 's not a miracle worker by any means , but for a bit more of a put-together everyday look , I really like it .
 I love Philosophy products and especially , The Present . It just works so well when I use it after Hope in a Jar and before my foundation and powder . Have used it for years ! It 's a real winner ! Amazon had a great price and free shipping was a plus !
 This is a holy grail product for me . The first time I wore it -LRB- under a powder foundation -RRB- , I had family members compliment me on how different and perfect my skin looked . You MUST give it the full 2 minutes to set before applying makeup . It just blurs all your imperfections ! And it makes your skin so soft . You only need a very small amount , too , so the price is right because this will last you forever !
 I have VERY dry , VERY sensitive skin . In the winter before I found this , i had flaking skin on my face . I use this every night in the winter on my face , neck , heels , elbows and hands . I wash or wet the skin first , then rub a small amount between my palms until it becomes more liquid -LRB- it 's a bit grainy , we keep our house cool -RRB- . I then apply to my face and the other areas.I use it before I go to bed at night as it 's VERY greasy , but by morning it 's absorbed and my skin feels great . I never even thought of using it on my head ! I love it , people comment on my skin 's appearance and compared to drug store skin creams it has no perfumey fragrance to irritate my skin , just natural smell , like olive or sesame oil . I can not imagine this drying your skin as a previous review says about her lips , but then I moisten my skin first and the cream holds in the moisture .
 I have had scalp issues almost all my life and this product relieved my scalp of itching and flakes . My 4b hair also became softer and less brittle after a months use . This product is nice , creamy and easy to apply . It melts on contact and a little goes a long way.Update
 I purchased this product for my thinning hair . My hair stays very dry and brittle , I needed something to keep my hair moist , soft and to help it to grow . This product is wonderful , my hair feels so moist and soft , it no longer feels as though it is breaking off . I am very pleased with this product and I will be ordering this again .
 I purchased this item just before Christmas . I have very dry skin and have used some seriously heavy moisturizers for years . I made a change to mineral makeup and found the my moisturizers just were n't doing the trick with such a dry make-up . But this did the trick . Just rub it between your fingertips to melt , then pat onto eyelids , lips and the rest of your face . I usually do something while it soaks in a bit -LRB- make the bed ~ what a novel idea ! -RRB- Then apply mineral make-up . Does n't irritate my eyes and keeps my skin beautifully moisturized all day . I may be crazy but I think it 's also getting rid of some of my age spots !
 I am a relatively smaller woman , and I am 40 weeks pregnant -LRB- due tomorrow -RRB- . I 've had several people comment that they 've never seen a belly so big . And I own it - my belly is rather humongous as I am carrying right out front . And some people are shocked when they learn I have n't any stretch marks on my belly . Now , I realize that stretch marks are hereditary and there may be little anyone can actually do to prevent them -LRB- although I do have a few on my hips from adolescent growth cycles -RRB- . But I believe the use of this product in the last several weeks of pregnancy has helped keep my skin beautifully soft , glowing , and has kept the itchy skin away -LRB- and I hear scratching the skin can tear at the fibers and increase risk of stretch marks -RRB- . My only complaint is that it has an unappealing odor , so I might recommend using a body spray to layer over it . However , I will absolutely be using this product with any subsequent pregnancies.UPDATE 08/21/2012 : I did order another container of this for my second pregnancy and I was even more enormous . In my 3rd trimester I was consistently measuring 6 weeks ahead and they ended up performing an indicated induction 16 days before my due date due to the size of my belly . 6 days before the babe was born , I `` broke out '' with some small stretch marks on my belly . Baby was born 9 weeks ago and my marks are almost invisible , which may or may not have anything to do with the use of this product . However , I do think that without the use of this product it would have been much worse and I 'm glad I used it . I feel I must note that I was n't as religious about the applications the second time around .
 I have three weeks using this butter on face and body , my skin feels smooth . I use it only at night because of the smell . You should give it a try for a nice looking skin .
 This is a great product - I use it on my face , neck , chest , hands and elbows to keep my dry skin smooth and soft . I like the scent , but if you are not a fan of that shea butter smell , this is probably not the product for you .
 I bought this sheerly because my sister has `` I Love Love '' . Great smell but I ca n't steal her signature scent . Bought without knowing what it smelled like , but was VERY pleased . Reminds me of Tommy Girl all grown up . ; - -RRB-
 Rare find could n't find in stores ordered and arrived very quickly happy with product would suggest this to others thanks
 This is a very hard item to find ca n't even find it in a store ... . has a very pleasing scent ... . my wifesurprised and very thrilled to get it !
 Great great perfume , fast shipping , valuable price ~ ~ ~ ~ love it !! moschino is always my favorite . You wo n't be regrat if you buy it!Trust me!really worthful
 I ordered this product not knowing exactly how it would smell and I love it ! It 's kind of like a fruity/floral scent and it is perfect for spring/summer ! So glad I took a chance and bought this !
 If your looking for a clean , femenine flower/citrucy scent , buy this product quickly , I love it , will buy more as soon as I use up what I bought . I recommend it highly .
 It smells like fruit salad ... very fresh and energizing.Love it for Summer ... I simply love it !
 El producto llego en buenas condiciones y a tiempo , excelente servicio . Voya a recomendar es servicio a otros clientes.cliente satisfecho .
 Me encanta su olor , es muy fresco y algo citrico . Es sin duda mi favorito .
 love the product but will consider shipping risk before purchasing another . bottle received leaking and although not totally broken , doesnt spray properly and leaks onto hand.i try to look at it like i smell extra extra good
 Years ago a hairdresser got me started on Scruples products . I love how they work on my thick stubborn hair . She and I have gone separate ways so it was great to find I could buy the products online at Amazon .
 stripaway wax strips by Lillian Caron.Great quick way to clean up those hairy areas and gentle but effective.My great disapointment is that there not availible in the versatile size !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What 's the point ? This product is very difficult to find here in the US. , I 'm finding . So if your able to restock this let me know . J
 i do n't use anything else but NO-AD the couple months that i lay and get a beautiful tan soaking up the rays . . this product gives me the best results . fast shipping , highly recommended
 I love this , use it every summer ! It gets you so dark and fast ! And it makes your skin feel like silk !!
 Gives a very nice gold touch to the tanning ! Skin looks beautiful . . But do n't forget to put a little sumblock too !
 This is my favorite cologne . I have used this for years . It does n't overpower or stink . Sure its expensive , but what good cologne is n't overpriced ?
 This cologne is great there is not doubt about it , but this seller thinks that this bottle actually costs this much . On the Chanel website its only $ 80.00 with shipping and handling . You could even go to a local Sephora or Macy 's and get one for $ 80.00 . Dear seller ... THIS COLOGNE IS NOT DISCONTINUED lmfao
 this is by far the best mens cologne that chanel makes its really a amazing scent
 I have used Egoiste Platinum faithfully for the last twelve years-it 's the only fragrance I wear , and it 's on me every day
 This has been my favorite on guys for the past 15 years ! Guys , you 'll get noticed and girls will want to get closer .
 I wear this cologne for the office and I absolutelty love it . I have been wearing it for almost decade and I have received numerous compliments . It is definately a scent sophistication . I spray this one me several times in the morning and it wakes you up and gets you going so you can conquer the day ! This scent is for a man with character and who knows what he wants out of life and goes out and gets it . My wife loves this one on me . I highly recommend this for office wear . Go get some !
 This cologne is the best on the planet . I have been wearing it for a little over a decade now -LRB- it was created in 1993 -RRB- . I get compliments every time I wear it -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- from women . My philosophy is to always remain `` uncommon '' when it comes to cologne wearing . Do n't ever buy the cologne 's that everyone buys . Those are the colognes that end up as the blue light special at some local Walgreens . This cologne will always set you apart from the average Joe .
 This is one of Chanel 's Finest for men . Platinum Egoiste has a very delicate and spicy scent which smells very good . Every time I use it i get compliments for its fragrance , I highly recommend it .
 The first time I tried Egoiste Platinum -LRB- which was then owned by my younger brother -RRB- , I THOUGHT I did n't like it because that was not what I was expecting at the moment , from Chanel -LRB- who makes excellent perfume for women , and which I am a lover of Chanel Allure Homme Sport -RRB- . But then I found myself coming back for more , and more , using half my brother 's bottle myself . So I shared my Bvlgari Extrme with him.This amazing scent is just the perfect scent for men . You just smell like a real man , a confident , a luxurious , fresh and sexy man . It is perfect all around the clock , day and night . It is perfect for casual wear and also for night out.Like I said , the perfect cologne . Did I mention that it 's refreshing and long-lasting ? Lasts all day on you and days/weeks on your clothes.Even tough it is expensive , it is worth it . Luckily , and I ca n't even explain why , I can buy the 3.4 oz bottle for just $ 76 duty free at my home town airport . But you got to have an insider if you are not traveling.I hope it does n't disappear , as I will ALWAYS buy it again for the rest of my life.Burburry Burburry has almost the same scent but is heavier , makes you feel hot and does n't last long .
 I just started wearing this recently . I wear it at the office everyday , and sometimes when I go out . I have received numerous compliments on it . I love the smell myself and the women seem to love it also . This will definitely be a consistent staple of my fragrance repertoire for a very long time .
 It 's sometimes hard to find in some discount fragrance stores , and I am bewildered as to the reason why . This is my favorite cologne of all time . There are others i like to wear such as Dolce and Gabana , but Platinum by Chanel is THE ONE . It doesnt have that same typical smell like most other colognes . so many of them smell the same or close that i wouldnt wear them if they were free . This is the best .
 Had used it before and love it , drives rhe woman wild.Make the woman go gaga for ya , then they , ll say ya bb
 This is , by far , my absolute favorite cologne . I received this as a gift when I was 16 years old and I 'm 34 and still wear it . This fragrance is the most versatile scent that I 've had and I 've had dozens . this cologne smells so good I have to stop myself from using it as an ` everyday/casual ' scent . Right now my inventory includes Chanel Egoiste Platinum , Dolce & Gabana -LRB- dark blue top & box -RRB- , Issey Miyake , Cool Water , Carolina Herrera , Escape , Fahrenheit and Curve & Curve Crush . That 's not bragging , I want others to get an idea of what scents I like because this one is THE best one , imho . Women that smell this will ALWAYS tell you # 1 how great you smell , # 2 what is it ? -LRB- I never tell , it 's for me to know ... childish , I know but hey ! -RRB- I like to have colognes for multiple occasions & times ie
 I am hooked . I had a friend that was using this product and had to try it . I love the sent of this shower gel/shampoo/bath . I love using it everyday . I ca n't explain the sent but it 's sweet and heavenly .
 This product exceeds any written description . It is clean smelling and not overpowering . I am allergic to many of the popular fragrances sold in specialty stores but have not had any issues from the Philosophy product line . I am hooked !! I work in the healthcare industry and many of the people I come in contact with comment on `` how good '' I smell and want to know what fragrance I am using . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 If you like a subtle , clean fragrance , especially for summer , Amazing Grace is for you . And the other great thing about it is that a little goes a looooong way , so this 16 oz . bottle will probably last a good long while , and at Amazon 's great price , what 's not to love ? Plus this is the greatest shampoo ever , I ca n't believe how clean and bouncy my hair is . My favorite hair stylist even said something about how great my hair was looking . In my experience , a combined shower gel/shampoo type product usually is n't such a good shampoo , but Philosophy in its usual style managed to make a product that treats both your hair and your skin equally well . Love this product ! And thanks , Amazon , for carrying the Philosophy line .
 I just used this for the first time today . I am in love ! The smell is so delightful . It is so clean and good smelling . I ca n't really describe it , but it 's awesome . I am going to start giving this as a gift to family members . I ca n't imagine that anyone would dislike it . So happy with this purchase .
 I like the lather , the scent . Beware the pump , mine did n't work . I think just the plain old cap is the more frugal way to go .
 I already had been using philosophy 's unconditional love and falling in love bath , shampoo and shower gels , but amazing grace is an outstanding addition to my collection . I love being able to use one product for shower and shampoo , especially when I travel .
 I first found about your product through my stay at JFK Hospital in Atlantis , Fl . The RN on days shift always carried a nice lingering aroma whenever she enter my room , like she just put body lotion from a recent shower . I then proceeded to ask her what fragrant she was wearing . She went into great detail that it came from QVC website . I thought this would make a great Christmas gift for my wife . My wife is very particular about what lotin she applies on her body . As it turned out she loved the Amazing Grace shower gel and has been using it every since . Thanks for this product . It 's great for the young at heart middle age gals , it 's not over powering but definitely makes a statemnt for the man in your life!Sincerely , Bobby
 Love it , love it , love it . That just about says it . It is my favorite scent and leaves my hair and skin feeling clean . The bottle is a little difficult to handle , but I transfer it into another container . I also think it 's a good value .
 Consistently rated one of the top fragrances , Grace is for people who do n't like heavy scents . Favorites of teachers , nurses , and people like me who hate smelling like a perfume . The scent is clear and clean , lingering when you are very close -- but not one of those scents that stinks up the elevator and leaves a trail as you walk by.Men particularly like it and say `` you smell good '' along with children . Particularly nice layered with the body lotion . I change between Amazing Grace + Pure Grace .
 It was a blind buy . I really did n't know the smell and I was very pleased when I received it . It 's a scent I 've never smelled before , but I love it ! It smells fresh air , flowers , clean skin.Some people say that the smell does n't last . I 've only used it in my bath , and the smell stays in my bathroom for several days . Even when I take daily showers with another shower gel . Each time I enter my bathroom , it 's the Amazing Grace scent that I smell ! On my skin , after a bath , it stays long enough for me
 It was a great opportunity to purchase my Amazing Grace from this vendor . Love love love the price and the product came earlier than expected ! Will buy again and again ! Thanks !
 This is my first time using a Philosophy product . . and I am satisfied . The shower gel is a little hard to squeeze out , but not a big deal . I have noticed the bottom of my feet are softer . I gave it four stars because the scent does not last as long as others reviewed ... I am thinking if you bathe in it , maybe it will ... but showering it fades within a couple of hours ... for me anyway ... could be different with others body chemistry .
 First , let me start by letting you know I have sensitive skin . However , Philosophy products work fine for me . I love the fresh yet romantic smell of Amazing Grace and recommend layering the subtle scent by using at least the body wash and moisturizer . To me , Amazing Grace is classic . A scent you will always use and want to use daily .
 I I love this product . he scent is heavenly and the wash is gentle and foamy , while cleaning without drying .
 I bought this for a Xmas gift this year . I know she will love it , as I have my own and have recommended this to others to give as a gift . Philosophy Amazing Grace is my very favorite . It smells delicous .
 I have been using this product for ten years ... where can you get a body wash and shampoo in one with the same fragrance ... and this fragrance is SO WONDERFUL ... subtle ... not overpowering . . My hair always looks great and I never use a conditioner either . One bottle in the shower and I 'm good to go . ONLY CHOICE for me !!!
 This stuff is great , it is thick , creamy and suds very well , not to mention how clean and soft you 'll feel after using it !
 It works just as well for a hair shampoo amd body wash.If you like a soothing powdery smell , this is a great product .
 Pros
 Love this coupled with the lotion and perfume , but the shower gel scent is strong enough to leave a lasting scent even without the layering .
 I started using philosophy shower gels about a year ago when I discovered that they seem to be the only scented shower gels out there that do n't make my super sensitive skin break out , even when I shave with them . Amazing Grace is my favorite scent . It 's just so clean and soothing , with hints of baby powder and floral notes . Unlike a lot of the other philosophy scents , Amazing Grace is not overly sweet and it does n't leave you smelling like a baked good . It 's a nice clean scent that lasts all day . The gel has a good , long lasting lather , and does n't leave any kind of residue . It has quickly become one of my favorite beauty items , both for myself and to give as a gift .
 Love , love , LOVE this stuff - but do not , EVER use it in your hair ! It will dry the living daylights out of it ! It smells amazing , and it lingers all day ! Philosophy stuff is the best !
 I have tried other Philosophy products and loved them . When I saw how popular this product was , I decided to try it . It is a nice product . Feels good , smells great ... but the scent is so delicate that it does n't last very long at all . I am not a fan of strong perfumes ... they give me awful headaches , but if this gel was scented just a little stronger , it would be perfect . Thinking about ordering the scent in another product so I can layer it !
 I purchased the Clarisonic -LRB- AMAZING product by the way -RRB- Philosophy which had a small bottle of this body wash . I was not expecting anything worth writing a review about -LRB- especially since it was not a purposeful purchase -RRB- . I was wrong !! This was VERY luxurious , and it smells INCREDIBLE !!! I felt so feminine with the fragrance !! It is a subtle , yet pretty scent . I have not used this enough to tell if it is drying , but I do not think it is so far . I think I am going to start using this from now on .
 THIS IS MY SECOND BOTTLE OF THIS AMAZING PRODUCT . EVERY WOMAN ON EARTH SHOULD HAVE A BOTTLE OF AMAZING GRACE IN THEIR BATHROOM !!!
 This product has the most femanine scent and all women need to pamper themselves and you should start with this product line !
 This gel smells great , feels great , and Amazon 's price was terrific . I have n't used it as a shampoo , because I color my hair and am afraid this would be too harsh . It would definitely make your hair smell good though ! The scent is very nice , light but very pleasant in the shower , although not really strong enough to linger once the shower is over . I actually bought the cologne in Amazing Grace after using this shower gel and am thinking of getting the body lotion .
 diffmarilyn bothroyd too mamy words requirederence in listed price was19 .93 charged 20.18 Will order more at 19.92 if available thank yo very much .
 I love Amazing Grace Shower Gel , I love how it cleans my skin and I love the smell . I have been trying to find it at other places besides QVC because I ca n't buy from them any more . I am so glad that I found Amazon so I can order it . And it is very reasonable in price .
 I love Philosophy products . Amazing Grace is my favorite scent hands down . Love Love Love . It is floral but not overpoweringly so . There are also nice notes of citrus -LRB- grapefruit -RRB- and musk earthiness . This is a bigger size and takes me about 8 months to get through . If you just want to test out the scent , you should go for a smaller bottle . If you are an Amazing Grace addict like myself , this is the way to go ! If Amazon could give you the ability to grant a single 6 star review for every 100 reviews you write , I 'd use that bullet here.Thanks for taking the time to read my review , and I hope you found it helpful in making a purchase decision .
 This was my first bottle of anything Philosophy , but it wo n't be my last . I 've been using it for months -LRB- and I shower a lot -RRB- ; it lasts and lasts in the bottle . You do n't need a lot of gel on you loofah or cloth because it foams up luxuriously . At first I thought it was a bit pricey , but considering how long it has lasted , that 's not a problem . The smell is sweet and light . I do n't want a scent that overpowers because I 'm sensitive to odors . When I bought it I was comparing ingredients , and it came out on top or I would n't have purchased it . I may try some of Philosophy 's other scents , but then I 'm pretty happy with this one .
 I love the Philosophy products and I use them daily . This product has a lasting suttle scent that last all day .
 Im always looking forward to my day beginning with philosophy body wash in the shower as it is the only body wash I found to be absolutely moisturizing and leaves a mild clean scent that lasts the entire day . I have extremely dry skin and these shower gels are nothing short of amazing of keeping and locking moisture in all day long . I have tried various scents and this one is among my favorites .
 I absolutely love Amazing Grace ! My husband bought me a gift pack for my birthday last year and I 've been purchasing it ever since !
 ... that 's all I can say ! This shower gel is out of this world ... it smells better than the perfume even , and that 's saying a lot !
 I have been wanting amazing grace for a long time but it was too expensive . This was a good price and a very nice transaction .
 I love Philosophy Amazing Grace . It smells great , but it is easy on my very sensitive skin . Win , win , absolutely .
 I love these Amazing Grace products . Great way to keep my skin conditioned and smelling wonderful .
 I 've used this shower gel for about a year and I love it -- it has a light clean scent and lathers up nicely . I mostly use it as a shower gel , never as a shampoo , so I ca n't comment on that . But , it actually works as a shaving gel in a pinch . Love it -- ca n't say enough nice things about it .
 My favorite product to use and give as gifts . I only wish they would come up with a shower powder so that I could make me smell longer . It has a delicate fragrance that works well with delicate skin and I know of no one who has had a problem . Try it once and you will be hooked . Makes a great shampoo also .
 I had heard of Amazing Grace , but never tried it . The product was offered at a very good price compared to some other sources so I decided to try it . I am so glad I did . The scent is clean , fresh and light so it does not interfere with other scents such as perfume . My hair is very fine and this product does not weigh it down like many other shampoos and conditioners . How cool to have a shower gel and shampoo in one bottle !
 I feel so clean and fresh , and the scent is wonderful . I also got the body spray which is very nice and light .
 I love this body wash and get compliments on how great I smell . However , it is a lousy shampoo . I wish they would make a deodorant in this scent .
 Winters are rough for skin . This product is wonderful to help with dry skin !
 My husband just loves this product . I bought it for myself , but we both use it . Smells great !
 I bought this for my wife after smelling it on a secretary . The smell fills the room with a WONDERFUL CLEAN scent.My wife loves it and so do I.
 I am in love with this scent , it smells clean and fresh . If you layer it with the lotion and perfume , it will last all day . Makes a great bubble bath too !!
 I am giving this as a gift . I have given it before and know it is of good quality . This is one of those items that every last drop is used . The shipping is great and well packed . I received this item as date promised which is a relief this time of year . I do n't think a person can go wrong by doing business with Amazon as they seem to associate themselves with top notch companies that not only handle quality materials , but also keep good stock on hand . With this kind of report I will be doing business with them in the future .
 smells soooo yummy . i love this and the other products of the same scent as well . match it with the perfume after u shower ... and voila ! you 're fabulous . have had so many compliments on this . highly recommend it .
 This is my first Philosophy purchase that I have just used for the first time . I was always intrigued w/the 3-1 shampoo/body washes and I am glad I tried them!I have short hair so a bottle of this will last me for a while , but the shampoo has great lather and my hair felt very clean afterwards . I adore the scent ! Not too overpowering , not too girly-just the right hint of floral & clean scents.After I use Amazing Grace , I intend on trying some of Philosophy 's other scents , they ALL sound so delicious !!!
 This has a gentle , ladylike scent . It 's not going to last all day , or fight with your usual cologne , which I take as a plus . I use it as a shower gel , and have n't really tried it as a shampoo . But I like it just fine , and would order it again.The packaging I bought has a pump on top , and that 's great for the shower . I hate picking up a slippery bottle . That 's the only reason I reviewed this down a star - no pump . If you get this one , try cannibalizing a pump from something else .
 Love the light fgagrance and how cool that it 's a shampoo as well as a bath and shower gel . Will definitely order it again.Linda B.Camarillo , CA
 I have been purchasing Philosophy Amazing Grace Shower Gel from QVC for years and never thought I 'd find it for less . Great surprise to find it on Amazon.com , which has become my favorite online purchase site . Always dependable - even with the providers they do business with .
 Could n't go wrong getting this for my wife as a gift.She loves the soft fragrance and the convenience of using a shower gel that also keeps her skin soft .
 I use this shower gel every day . I first started using the Grace lotion . I liked it so much that I decided to start using the shower gel . The frangrance is clean and fresh ; I get compliments on it all the time . My skin always feels super soft .
 Perfect shampoo and shower gel . It leave my hair and skin soft ans silky and I do n't need to use a moisturizing lotion after my shower .
 What a great way to start the day ... Philosophy 's Amazing Grace shampoo and shower gel is so feminine and light . I 've loved this scent from the moment I opened the bottle and I 've always received compliments such as
 love the smell . bubbles do n't last long when used as bubble bath . buy the spray scent separately and use after bath , since scent does n't stick around for very long . moisturizing .
 I bought it for my mother for Christmas - she loves it . She says it 's not too heavy and not too light , and makes her skin feel very soft and smooth . I 'm considering getting other products from the line for her birthday .
 Whenever I need an emotional pick-me-up I turn to Philosophy 's line of feminine , light , perfect scents . Whether it is the `` Amazing Grace '' , `` Pure Grace '' , `` Inner Grace '' or the `` Unconditional Love '' line using them always makes my spirits rise , the day seem brighter.This is a portion of a gift to a very special friend . Working with her these past 22 years has been an amazing journey and a privilege . I hope she experiences many wonderful days as she explores the world of retirement . How could she not ? She will be wearing this delicate , delightful scent.Enjoy the product !
 I love , love , love this product . The smell is beautiful and light . I think most shower gels wash about the same , so for me the smell is what I go for and it has a beautiful smell to it . I love the texture of it too ... so creamy !
 I love this whole system ... I use it as body wash and not shampoo . It is light and adds the extra bit of oomph to my overall scent . It lathers well ... I use the lotion as well . I have been using if for about 2 months and I LOVE it !!!! I get at least 2 compliments everyday ... but not `` What are you wearing ? '' but '' You smell so good ! '' My husband ca n't stop smelling the crook of my neck . I even had a man in the grocery store stop me with his wife in tow and say '' I 'm a married man and I am not trying to hit on you , but you smell really good ! `` BTW - I also use Philosophy 's Purity face wash and I like that just as much . People have been asking me over the last 3 months what make-up I use to make my skin look the way that it does , but I do n't wear any foundation or cover-up : - -RRB- This is a pricey line , so see if you can find the travel size to see if you like it before you buy it . A little bit goes a long way . I have all the products that I regularly use on the Amazon Subscribe and Save , which gives you a discount and you change the time between shipments very easily . :--RRB- Enjoy !
 Great product and shipping timely . Just a tiny bit of this marvelously foaming and scented bath wash and you can feel wonderfully clean
 My sister-in-law loves it . I always get it for her for Christmas . She especially loved the scent of this one . It is something that I will continue to buy for her in the future . Thanks .
 I love this stuff The smell is so clean and fresh , this is probably the 10th buy of it since my daughter gave me some as a gift , 5 years ago . I wont be able to afford it as I am retiring and this was a good buy
 I do n't wear perfumes and I do n't usually use body wash , but a friend gave me Amazing Grace bath gel by Philosophy a while back and I decided I 'd give it a try . I absolutely LOVE the scent of this body wash . It 's light , not perfume-y and leaves my skin soft with just a slight scent .
 its the best , such a fresh and clean scent I highly recommend thisa for anyone , , everyone would love it . It has to be a favorite .
 I use this as a body wash -LRB- not as shampoo as listed on the bottle -RRB- . Bought it after I tried a sample and fell in love with the light , clean scent . It does n't lather too much when using the body pouf in the shower ... much better with a sponge .
 I love Philosphy . Great product . It really smells great and lathers great . Can use to wash your hair as well .
 Normally I would n't use a body wash on my hair , even though it says `` shampoo '' on the bottle . But this product is the perfect balance for my type of hair , which is fine , straight and average thickness . My hair is colored and I recently got a body perm and the shampoo works great . I used to have to wash my hair almost every day but not anymore . Well worth the price .
 Este lo compre para un regalo para mi mam&aacute; , ella ya lo habia probado y le encanta el aroma . Llego a tiempo y sin ningun da & ntilde ; o. Tiene un delicioso olor para la ducha .
 Thank you for the shipment . It arrived on time and packaged well . I love Amazing Grace Shower Gel . As soon as it runs out , I 'll be ordering more !
 I gave this mascara only 4 stars as it is n't very water resistant by itself . I usually top my lashes off with Clinique 's long lasting mascara and I do n't have any issues with the racoon eyes . As for the curling , I have the typical Asian eyelashes -LRB- straight as can be -RRB- ; it is -LRB- so far -RRB- the best I 've owned . I can use it with or without first curling my lashes . If it 's a very hot and humid day ... I do n't think there is anything I can do about them . But normal type days - just give a light push back up with my finger , and they have a nice curve again .
 Imagine is an ideal Spring and Summer fragrance . It is a sweet floral/oriental of white flowers with just a bit of spice . this is a sparkling , refreshing floral perfume with its own personality and will draw compliments from people everywhere you go . I love to layer the body lotion and perfume to feel fresh and femme all day long . Wonderful perfume for a special summer occasion .
 This is my favorite Perfume and i get many people asking me what it is . Too bad they dont make this anymore .
 This perfume has a spicy floral scent , if you can imagine what that is . I was looking for something similar to Lancome 's limited edition perfume in 2000 . I think this is closer to Lancome 's Miracle . The price is fabulous . This is a hard to find item apparently . I definlely am not disappointed .
 really thick and good conditioner . it 's specially good for course hair . the price was way great compared to the price in stores .
 The product is very good and we use it over many years . The handling with Anzonwas perfect and very professional
 Classic Cologne ! There is a reason so many cologne 's come and go but English Leather lives on . This product arrived in a very timely manner and and at a great price .
 I used English Leather in the 60 's when I was in college . The great fragrance was like meeting up with an old friend and brought back memories of better times . It would be wonderful to find Russian Leather offered again .
 I love it ! This is a cleaning smelling scent that lingers all day long . I receive many compliments when I have it on .
 I LOVE Yakshi roll on fragrance oils ! They are natural , gluten free and perfect for people like me with chemical sensitivities who want to be able to wear a fragrance without getting sick . It looks Yakshi has gotten even better by offering natural fragrance oils too -- ca n't wait to try one !
 I purchased the Fresh Vanilla scent , which smells similar to sugar cookies . It smells great & it lasts for hours !
 I bought a Yakshi sandalwood roll on just like this -LRB- actually , the oil is more clear/beige , not yellow -RRB- and it is the most highly scented fragrance oil I 've ever used ! Usually fragrance oils seep into your skin and the scent all but dissapears so I was very impressed because the scent with this oil lingers . I LOVE their sandalwood scent . Highly recommended , well worth the price ... truly an excellent product . I may have to buy another one once mine runs out .
 Many I know are chemically sensitive so this product fits the bill . My mother & I use it because it 's a gentle , natural selection rather than a perfume that give us both a headache . I 've been using this product for years . The store I got it from closed & I was relieved to find Amazon carried it . Thank-you .
 This is a handy fragrance refresher to have in a purse . Nice fragrance . I 'd like to try the Sandalwood scent also .
 If you like the smell of sandalwood , you 'll love this . It might smell slightly different in the bottle but once it 's on the skin the fragrance comes alive . Reminds me of the sandalwood soaps from India .
 Perfect ! My brother says i smell like cake . I could not be happier with this product ! Will order again . Thanks !
 It is very good and I really love it because that is the best perfume which I like it.Thanks
 This perfume is wonderful . They send it out right away , and I just love it . I will definitely reorder when I run out .
 I got this for my wife a few years ago at an ultra high end department store . She gets more complements and inquiries on what this scent is . The only place I can find it is on amazon . Her tastes in perfume are on the spice side although this is more subtle daytime scent . A typical day for her is to wear Charles Jourdan during the day and Safari at night . Anyway , this is a tremendous scent that just needs to be marketed .
 I looked for this product for a long time after I tried it at a salon and loved it . I was pleasantly surprised when I received the product much sooner than expected . The soothing additive was just as described and intact . It came in the mail carefully bubble wrapped . I would order from this seller again .
 I purchased 3 of these & they smell beautiful . The fragrance lasts all day & the price is reasonable . I will be ordering more when my supply gets low .
 Oils came quickly and in perfect condition.This is the right scent for my wife and she 's sticking with it .
 I love this product . I receive many compliments when I use it . I was first introduced to Egyptian Goddess by my hair colorist . I shopped at two local stores - one closed and the other stopped carrying it . I was so happy when I found it on Amazon.com . The roll-on is small enough to carry on a plane and it 's the only fragrance I take with me on trips . It has a fragrance of light musk and a floral scent .
 One of my favorites . Very subtle oil . This scent does not overpower like most of the hideously overpriced and nauseating designer perfumes . The shop that I purchased from also will not disappoint-great service , great stuff !!
 Nice , fresh , clean scent ... lasts a long time . Not watered down . Packaged securely . I 'd buy it again ... and again .
 I find that this is less musky and more like Egyptian Goddess oil . It does n't smell like the standard musks , but definetly has the characteristics of a musk . The oil lasts all day and is n't overwhelming . If you like a soft musky smell but you do n't want your perfume to fill the room , this is the oil for you .
 I love this scent . It is soft & musky . It is n't powdery smelling like some sandalwood scents & it is n't too strong , but will last all day.Tom 's Insence is the seller I bought my oils from & will continue to do so . The shipping is fast , the product in good condition , & they quickly remedy any mistakes they make .
 I recently purchased an organic bath wash which had honey almond in it . It smelled so great that I wanted something else with the scent . This was great ! I love to wear designer perfumes , but I also like simple fragrances as well . This oil goes a long way and has a great smell . I have used it many times for the last month , and the bottle still looks completely filled . I think it will last for a long time . Great purchase and excellent price .
 Love the smell its practically last the entire day and does n't lose the strength in its smell . I normally roll on my wrist : -RRB-
 I love the incense oils at Romancing The Stone . My favorite is Egyptian Musk . It 's exotic , spicy , warm and sexy rolled into one . I had an egyptian goddess costume for Halloween and though I had the costume , shoes , headress , jewelry , ect . No perfume . But my perfume makes my attitude . I have date perfume , hanging with friends perfume , ect . I needed an egyptian perfume . I dressed in my costume , fixed my makeup and hair while inhaling my E.Musk incense and that scent did it for me . I felt my part while smelling it so I rubbed a bit of it on my wrists and neck -LRB- egyptians used incense as perfume anyway -RRB- and I went to my party . I probably got over a dozen compliments on my costume but I got more on my perfume.compliments ranged from `` You smell like an Egyptian Queen . '' To '' You smell like Thebes and ancient Egypt . '' It made my day.The point of the review is , I looked everywhere for that scent . Partially because everyone liked it but mainly for how it made me feel . I have 8 bottles of `` egyptian perfume '' when I ordered this . Small bottle so I thought it was ok if it wasnt the scent . Not a big waste of cash . BUT IT WAS THE EXACT SAME SCENT . It matched perfectly . The only thing is , it is STONG.Put a small drop on each wrist , OR roll it around your neck . DONT DO BOTH . IT IS TOO STONG .
 love the title and scent and great for on the go , fits in pocket or purse . I plan to buy more items under this label in future .
 I bought this after seeing the price and the reviews . I have to say , I LOVE this perfume . I can put it on in the morning and have it last 7-8 hours . It might last even longer but I 'm not sure because my nose becomes immune to the scent quickly . Which is good , 'cause then I 'm not smelling myself all day and running the risk of a headache!The first day I put it on a ton of women told me I smelled nice . They just loved it . Today another woman said the same . I told her I could n't even smell it and she said that she could smell it well , that it smelled very pretty , and was n't overpowering . She said it was just the right amount.When I can smell it , I also like the smell . It 's a pleasant musk - hard to explain really . I ca n't say how it works on men because no male has said anything to me about it yet . My fianc&eacute; does n't comment on things like that and I have n't thought to ask him . And really how often do random men tell you that you smell nice ? Haha . I will definitely be purchasing again once I run out .
 I 've been looking for this blend for months . I usually buy it at Whole Foods but every time I looked for it , they were out . Luckily , I found it here and for a better price . I also got my blends SOOOO FAST in the mail . Love them !
 I found this perfume oil in a store called Success Express in NJ when I was visiting family one year . I absolutely love it !! It 's warm and soft with a light scent that is n't over powering or headache inducing . I recently ran out and my Mom sent me a package with a bottle in it as a surprise . I was so happy to have more ... I 've been milking my last bottle . I highly recommend trying this product or any other auric blends product . Very good quality for a good price .
 i can not live without patchouli . i would die without it in some way or form . this is the only thing that actually treats patches of dry skin and clears them up . thanks .
 I love this perfume blend . I first purchased it back in the late 1990 's as a college student and had trouble finding it again . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon . It smells amazing . It is a very unique coconut blend . There are n't any others out there like this one . I get compliments almost every time I wear it , everyone wants to know what that scent is !
 I have had a lot of compliments when wearing this oil roll-on perfume . It has a distinctive and pleasant smell , not too over powering .
 I have ordered several items from Auric Blends so far and have loved every one of them . Lover 's Moon is my favorite so far . A light cool floral with staying power . As with all perfume oils , a little goes a long way . This is a great perfume for a great price . I hope they keep making them !
 I buy this all the time . I hope you guys have a sale one day !! -LRB- hint hint -RRB- My fav like i said i buy this all the time
 I love this stuff . Thank gawd it 's still around . I mix out with amber pachuli oil . Remarkably beautiful scent for casual and formal
 This is my go to fragrance . I LOVE it . I feel like something is missing when I do n't wear it . It calms me and helps me feel more centered . I put a little on my scarf and smell it through out the day . I live in NYC and it is so wonderful walking around smelling this lovely scent for a change.I hope they do n't ever decide to not produce it anymore .
 Got this oil and it smells wonderful and i love it and that i can throw it in my purse :-RRB- . Smells like egyptian musk to me . BUT i love em both mmmmmm ...
 I love this scent , it is not perfumy , just a really heavenly scent . I do n't think it would be possible to use too much . I will be ordering again . I wish my whole house always smelled like this scent !
 I was n't quite sure what to expect . Reviews were good , and so was the price . I have to be very careful with fragrances because I get migraines and so if the scent is very intense at all , it will give me a migraine . This is very subtle and quite nice ! I am happy with it . Thank you .
 This is a heavenly , clean smell that I will continue to use forever - and it 's true , a little touch of it is all you need and it lasts all day !
 I never buy perfume or frangranced items online since I ca n't obviously smell it for myself , but becuse there were so many positive reviews on this scent and the price was right I decided I 'd give it a try . When I got it I was somewhat disappointed because I thought it smelled like old ladies , but the smell grew on me . I 've also noticed it changes throughtout the day as I 'm wearing it . I 'm not longer disappointed and use it everyday !
 Very very nice ... people around me love the smell , I will re-order once I run out . Auric Blends has wonderful Scented/Perfume Oil and this one is a winner !
 This is really awesome . I wasnt expecting too much from an eight dollar fragrance , but damn , this is like on eof the best perfumes Ive ever had , and Im a vet at fragrances , Im a perfume junkie !! Especially oils , and Ive used the best ! From Kuumba Made to Madinni and Possets , I Love perfume oils and this is the best one!Its not fake smelling , or synthetic smelling at all , and its very subtle and awesome , almost like an invisible perfume , and it lasts all day . You dont need alot , and I catch these whiffs of it thruout the day and its fabulous , Love it !! I was amazed at all the good reviews all over the internet , and decided I cant go wrong , and they are right , it is awesome !
 Smells wonderful , not too overpowering . I apply it behind my ears , or neck and wrists , smell lasts the entire day . Ships right away !
 This perfume is primarily Gardenia which is one of my favorite scents . It 's light and sweet . It starts off sweet floral and turns to exotic sweet sandalwood . I have a few of these Auric Blends Roll-on perfumes and I have been experimenting mixing them , this works very nicely with Love it makes a delicious white musk gardenia . It also works nicely with Egyptian Goddess they seem to have some of the same notes and they compliment eachother very well .
 Lavender Dreams by Auric Blends is a really pretty , soft , and lovely lavender perfume oil with a very small hint of jasmine and other green notes . Exceptionally priced for the beautiful fragrance !
 Everytime I find these at little shops they are always out of my favorites . I highly recommend Egyptian Goddess , Love , and Hawaiian Fantasy . They have the most beautifully exotic scents that you simply can not get from regular perfume . The fragrance lasts but not overpowering and as your body heats up you smell it more because you warm the oils on your skin . I just can not say enough good things about this product .
 Did n't mean to give it 4 stars , ca n't change it.I 'm glad this did n't cost much with free shipping . This smells sort of like Love 's Baby Soft , basically just baby powder with a hint of sandalwood . Too childish for my taste .
 This oil has a very rich and long lasting scent . Because of the pepper and cinammon it starts out a little masculine but after about 5-10 minutes the florals and vanilla start to make their appearance and this scent becomes very sexy and feminine . Love it !
 I wanted to comment on the reviewers who state this product has no scent - Right from the bottle , the oil is odorless , and at first I was a little dissapointed when it came in the mail . I rolled it on anyway , and let it soak in because its quite viscous , and slowly the scent started to release from my skin . The scent is subtle , if your used to spraying on a department store perfume and becoming lost in the fumes , then this is a nice surprise . Its very exotic and slightly sweet , nothing like I have smelled . Patchouli ? Sandalwood ? Jasmine maybe ? What a treat to wear at such a great price . I can feel the African sand as I bathe beneath the Giza acropolis ...
 I bought this product hoping it 'd be close to Egyptian Musk that I like . I actually like this one better than Egyptian Musk !! I rub a little on each arm and a little on my chest after showeing and it lasts for hours . I admit that like some of the reviews have said it does wear off -LRB- most perfumes wear off anyway right ? -RRB- but mine usually lasts a good 6-8 hours and if I feel I need a little more later in the day its small enough that I carry it in my purse and can refresh with a little dab on my wrist . Personally I like how light the smell is , its not overpowering so that when I walk by I irritate peoples noses and irriate my own nose for that matter . Its enough that its a not too light scent and not too heavy and can still be smelled by me and people around me who have complimented how great it smells .
 This is a scented OIL so take it easy -LRB- this is in response to the reviewer that said it is overpowering -RRB- ... it does n't evaporate like perfume sprays so the fragrance stays put for some time . Black Coconut does n't smell purely like coconut ... this oil smells like the most yummy tanning oil you could ever imagine . It smells like you are drenched in sunlight on some glorious white sand beach . I adore this scent . It 's fantastic , soothing , and sexy all at once .
 Auric Blends are wonderful , and this scent is one of my favorites . It smells earthy yet clean . The scent lingers with you all day long and a little goes a long way , so a little dab will do you!I was thrilled to see this brand on Amazon , as I have found it difficult to find in my area .
 I have been wearing one Auric Blend roll-on perfume or another for the past 15 years and receive compliments all the time . I figured I 'd take a moment and describe some of my favorites . Please note that this is just my perception of these scents and that I typically prefer earthy over floral , powders , or fresh scents.My all-time favorite is Forbidden Desire . It is sultry , earthy , and spicy ; it makes me think of Marakesh . It is a very strong and heady.Divine Opium is also fantastic - also spicy , incense-like but sweeter than Forbidden Desire.Note
 Yummy smelling and a great compact way to carry around a good smell for all occasions that is not overbearing and no one has mentioned they are bothered by the Vanilla fragarance , like some other actual flower based perfume oils .
 I have been searching for the perfect coconut perfume oil . This is the 5th one I 've tried and let me tell you , this is IT ! It 's a warm , creamy , tropical Coconut . Close your eyes and you 'll be in Tahiti .
 This is , and has been for many years now , my wife 's favorite fragrance . I have to admit I love it on her too . This fragrance is so light , soft and sexy . The other thing I love about it is that my wife used to buy really expensive high-end perfume so we 're saving $ $ $ with Egyptian Goddess priced at $ 7 for 1/3 oz . Guys , if your wife is killing your budget with high-end perfume purchases , I highly recommend you ask her to try this fragrance .
 This stuff is just one of the best oil perfumes I have ever tried . Just yesterday , when getting some lab work done for my doctor , even the Technician was like `` What is that perfume your wearing ? It smells awesome . '' The sent lasts for more than a few hours and even longer when I add a dab to my shirt or coat . I will always buy this and I recommend trying it , or any of the multitude of scents available . You wo n't be disappointed .
 It arrived really quickly . The roll on oil is very potent , so it lasts long and you dont need to use hardly any . the coconut fragrance is decadent and draws attention as my signature scent wherever I go .
 There is n't an essential oil out there that can beat this one ! I 've been wearing Egyptian Goddess for over a decade , and I never get sick of it . Once you try it you 'll agree .
 I was looking for a new scent to change things up . I 've worn Amber Romance from Victoria 's Secret for years and while my husband never complained about the scent , he never nuzzled up on me and told me how good I smelled . This is the kind of reaction I got with Egyptian Goddess . Yes !! I almost gave up on this little bottle of oil after a mere 2 wears , but luckily I came back on Amazon and read a few more reviews saying the bottle almost needs to breathe to really develop a good scent . By the fourth wearing , my husband was inhaling me ! I 've been with the man for 13 years -LRB- since I was a teenager ! -RRB- and I ca n't recall him ever doing this , but it 's exactly the reception I was looking for !! I do n't fully care for the initial `` spicy '' scent when I first put it on , but as the oil soaks in , my body heat sort of makes it bloom . The scent almost seems to change every few hours , which is kind of fun ! Is it going to be slightly floral , is it going to be a sultry musk ? I do n't know , but I like to be kept guessing !!
 I 've been wearing Amber Oil for ten years -- and this is the only company who makes it JUST the way I like it . The perfume stays true , and is not overwhelming . Thanks !
 When you first apply , there is a powdery smell . But shortly after applying the scent becomes warm and vanilla-ey . This is my fav scent , with love at a close second , and egyptian goddess in third .
 This scent is captivating . I ALWAYS get compliments when wearing it . It is n't over powering or too strong , just enough to catch attention in a positive way . I tend to get headaches with a lot of perfumes , so this roll on oil is perfect . LOVE this !
 This is my go-to amber oil , it smells great , the price fits my budget , and with the roll-on top , I do n't have to stain my fingertips to apply it .
 I like the smell of this perfume ... sometimes it can be very strong , although tea roses are strong . was happy things shipped quickly
 If you are looking for the perfect lavender scent this is it . I have tried many lavender perfumes and oils and this one smells as if you are standing in a field of lavender .
 First , let me say I have terrible allergies to many perfumes . This scent does n't bother me at all !! I have several of the sample size perfume oils from Auric Blends . I love to put on a swipe of the Vanilla Sandalwood and follow it up with a much smaller swipe of the amber patchouli oil . The combined scent is evocative of Arabic Incense perfumes . Amazing , and I get compliments constantly . Its warm , and rich and deep without being overpowering or cloying . The vanilla is subtle and truly smells of vanilla , vs. the odd smell that many perfumes try to pass of as `` vanilla '' scented . All in all , I love this perfume , by itself , or mingled with other scents !
 Egyptian Goddess has been one of my FAVORITE fragrance oils ever . I used to wear it years ago , before I had children . Then a few weeks a go I recalled the product , looked it up and had to have it . It brought back a lot of memories , and it smells amazing . Not a strong smell , it 's plesant and not offensive to others . It 's the perfect touch to wear everyday !
 I am always looking for a perfume with a fresh scent . I feel that I have found it with Auric Blends .
 I have been wearing this for years and I have been getting compliments on it since day one . This and Egyptian Goddess are my two favorite perfume aromas .
 This is a fabulous scent ! I have read the negative reviews from other seller 's reviews about this particular oil and I recommend curious buyers pay attention to the positive feedback , and buy it from this seller . Ladies , you can not douse yourselves in this oil . A little goes along way . Its a subtle scent that strengthen over time with your body heat.So women who need immediate gratification of an over bearing scent with hope it lasts throughout the day , this scent is not for you . . This a scent for controlled women who like to tease men with an alluring essence , and can walk away from their stimulated inquisitiveness.Think this is an overrated review ??? Try it
 I am a big lover of musk perfumes and was STUNNED when I opened this and smelled it for the first time . I could not help but smell my arm where I had placed it all night !!! LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this scent.My ONLY complaint is that it does not wear all day . Meaning , the scent dissapates -LRB- at least on me -RRB- after a half day or so.Love it and love the price !
 I have always loved the heady , rich and intoxicating scent of Plumeria even though quite honestly florals are not my favorite fragrance type as I prefer mossy , woody , milky or musky scents.Auric Blends has been a favorite scented roll on oil based fragrance and this scent sure does n't disappoint . The second I put it on my wrists and neck the rich buttery aroma of Hawaiian Leis envelops my senses and puts me in a good mood . This morning as I got to work I quickly dabbed some one and my new coworkers started asking what that scent was , and how good it smelled , and I sit feet away yet it bursts with luxurious bouquet of freshness . Plumeria is an incredible scent all in it 's own but this oil really makes me appreciate the fine craftsmanship of true artisans of perfumery .
 I 've smelled versions of Egyptian Goddess before and they always smelled soapy or too much like a stick of incense . Based on the overall positive reviews here -LRB- and the price -RRB- , I decided to try this oil . It 's warm , sexy and layers nicely with some of my other perfumes -LRB- like `` Boyfriend '' by Kate Walsh -RRB- . And I have been getting compliments on it -LRB- mostly by women so I 'm still uncertain if it appeals to men -RRB- . I do wish the fragrance lasted longer though .
 I get what I wanted . Sandalwood scent . It fits perfectly for my use which is to layer it with other perfumes . I 'm not sure why other people can not smell anything . My bottle is great .
 This perfume oil arrived on time , in perfectcondition and was just what I wanted for anatural , lightweight perfume .
 A woman that I work with wears this scent . I had asked her where she got it and it was somewhere in the Vineyard . I searched for it on Amazon and found it ! It is such a clean , fresh scent . Love it !
 This is the only sent I wear . It reminds me of when I used to smoke silly sticks . I 've tried many other companys scents but they have always smelled awful.I like ordering from you . This order was recieved in a timely manor as always . I can always count on you.My thanks to all envolved.LINNIE LIN
 The smell of egyptian musk brings back memories . Memories of traveling to F street in Washington D.C. purchasing egyptian musk oil and other items from coner stands that were run primarily by jamaicans . The egyptian musk oil I received is the exact product and quality I remember . Item arrived on time , 5 stars .
 Will defintely order again . This scent is so wonderful . I get so many compliments .
 This scent is absolutely delicious ! Auric Blends is my new favorite brand , all of their perfume oils are amazing and they mix beautifully to make your own signature scent , but they also work wonders all on their own . This one is a white amber musk combination , its fresh , and has soft floral notes of Egyptian Goddess -LRB- my # 1 fave -RRB- and also slightly spicy but sweet base notes of sandalwood . It 's worn well in the summer because your body heat changes it quite a bit to make a lusciously sweet and sexy , truly unique fragrance .
 I love perfume oils because they stay with you longer than the spray . This oil is very floral when you first put it on and then becomes softer smelling when it melds into your skin .
 I have to say , the reviews that the smell is `` horrific '' and other negative things -- are almost funny to me . If you do n't like the smell , then do n't buy it ! -LRB- Stinky hippies ? That 's just sad and unnecessary meanness . -RRB- Obviously it 's not a great idea to buy any type of perfume online without knowing it first . The reviews that are most helpful to me would be about the bottle the scent comes in , or if it arrived in the time expected.The smell is beautiful , simple , and different on each person who wears it . That is what makes it unique .
 COCO MANGO -- I just got Coco Mango in the mail 5 minutes ago and I really do like it . It smells like a real juicy sharp mango with a mild undertone of coconut . The shipping was really fast too , less than a week.EGYPTIAN GODDESS -- This scent , I 'm not really positive , but I think I detect water lily , musk and maybe sandalwood amongst many other notes . It 's a sort of incense smell to me ... which I like . It 's more on the mature side.I think it could be considered a `` sexy '' scent depending on who you 're trying to attract . I 'm sure a few people would consider it an old lady scent though haha . But it 's soft and I like it.ONE LOVE -- I just got this in the mail today and I think I like it?A lot of people describe this as a teen scent ? To me it 's not though . It 's definitely not as sweet and overpowering as Body Fantasies Cotton Candy.I ca n't really pinpoint the notes at all in this one . My best guess is sugar and light musk or cocoa powder ? It 's a very soft and mildly sweet scent .
 I bought a bottle of this years ago and just started using it again and fell in love with it all over again . I did n't remember wear I got it , nor did I know if they still made it . I found it here by accident and bought more . YAY ! The great thing about this oil is that a little goes a long way and it smells delicious . Expensive perfumes just do n't have this staying power . How can this be so good but so inexpensive ? This has a casual , flirty scent that I love for every day .
 Finding Egyptian Goddess Oil in a little shop in Jackson , Wyoming seemed appropriate . It 's fresh and wild and deep and sweet and full of mystery ... Being REALLY picky about scents , -LRB- I only wear two -RRB- I was possessed when this scent spoke to me and I knew I could not set it down . I ordered a case of it a week later . My husband LOVES it . My sister and her husband loved it so much I gave her some . It lasts the whole day , and changes throughout the day , always whispering `` goddess '' with its amazing empowering aroma . I get fantastic comments on it - and if you should order a bottle , and it is not for you , please find a friend to give it to . . they 'll love you for it . This is an exceptional and timeless scent - I have been wearing it for almost 20 yrs - and it still possesses me .
 I have been using Auric Blends perfume for a few years now . I frequently receive compliments - it 's spicy and exotic without being heavy or overbearing . I also like it because it does not upset my allergies like many perfumes . I previously bought it in stores , but some have stopped carrying it because it 's not 100 % pure amber oil -LRB- or so they 've told me -RRB- . I ca n't tell the difference in the quality only the price , I find Auric to be very reasonable . Wearing this everyday , the roll on bottle will last me 2-3 months too . The shipping was lightening fast too .
 This perfume makes me think of a hippie orgy but that is why I love it SO much ! Its sexual and earthy and makes me feel like running around naked with a tribe of dirty tree huggers !! : -RRB-
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this fragrance ! The local hippie shop that I used to buy it at stopped carrying it and I am so glad I stumbled upon it here . It is very sensual but down-to-earth . Auric Blends `` Love '' fragrance is also very sexy , but in a sweet way . This one is much more primal and sensual . It should come with a warning and a can of mace , it is so effective at attracting men ! And this is a great price for one bottle . It lasts for quite some time .
 I love this scent ! It has floral notes of honeysuckle in it , but the base scent is kind of warm and it works really well together . The honeysuckle is n't too overpowering , and the scent lasts a long time , too . I will be buying this again , and I highly recommended it to anyone who wants something warm and floral at the same time .
 I love this stuff . It is spicy and woodsy and sexy . Whenever I wear it , someone always comments on how good I smell . I actually like to layer it with coty musk oil . I 'm a 70 's child , so that may be why this particular scent appeals to me . If you like patchouly , give it a try . The addition of the amber mellows out the patchouly , so it 's not offensive .
 This black coconut oil roll-on smells so good . I have been getting alot of compliments . Thank you .
 With an inexpensive perfume brand like Auric , you can generally expect to find one or two scents done surprisingly well amid a lot of scents that are mediocre or , frankly , bad . Egyptian Goddess is a cult favorite because it falls under `` done surprisingly well '' and is a decent , straightforward Egyptian style musk without a lot of frills.It wears pretty close to the skin and is light without being sharp or soapy , ever so slightly nutty , evocative of clean skin with emphasis on skin rather than clean . The musk is accompanied by some quiet and unobtrusive woods and spices that are hard to pick out -LRB- which in this case means they 're doing their job well -RRB- . It 's a truly unisex fragrance . Fans of Egyptian Goddess would probably enjoy `` Special Delivery '' from the small soapery Dirty Sanchez Soaps on Etsy ; it 's an extremely similar musk.Side note
 I 'm really impressed by the quality of Auric Blends perfume oils . For being so cheap , they really are great ! There 's no alcohol or other fillers to dilute the oil , so the fragrance is very strong.Desert Night
 I originally purchased the Auric Blends `` LOVE '' perfume oil from a retail store while on vacation , and loved it so much that I knew I needed a back-up supply . I was thrilled to find it here on amazon.com for less $ $ -LRB- even though the retail price was quite reasonable as well at $ 7.95 -RRB- . It is the same DELICIOUS fragrance that my original scent was , and I am THRILLED ! It is my new signature scent and people stop me regularly to tell me that I smell so good . My husband absolutely LOVES it too and asked me what I was wearing -LRB- after being married 30 years that was a big bonus to know that he was smitten with my new fragrance ! -RRB- . No more smelly chemical perfumes for me ... I 'm sticking with `` LOVE '' forever more !!
 I 've been searching for this scent for almost 3 years now . I went to multiple Whole Foods Markets and could never find it . Then it dawned on me , let me try Amazon ! ... Smells great and lasts a long time !! I would definitely recommend .
 It smells wonderful . And the scent really sticks ! My only problem with it is that it 's a tad strong . Just make sure to use a drop or two , it really goes a long way .
 Great coconut scent ! I love the smell of coconut but can never find it in stores unless its paired with something else like lime . This is a pure coconut scent that is easy to roll onto the wrists and neck . Delicious !
 I dont know why I kept reading reviews on how it doesnt last well . I do Hot Yoga -LRB- which is doing yoga for an hour or more in a room of 110 degrees with humidity -RRB- and after you get out of hot yoga your are DRENCHED IN SWEAT ! everyone is ! and it looks like you just got out of the pool . I let my friend try this perfume with me before we went to do hot yoga together , and when we came out we were like WOW WE CAN STILLLLL SMELL THIS ! I used it before work a few times and now its stuck to the sleeves of the shirt from me putting it on my wrist , it always smells amazing on my work shirt week after week - its amazing ! The smell is a little faint , but thats not necissarily a bad thing . Guys always love a faint smell on a woman , when its so strong that you can smell her from 5 yards away everyones thinking YIKES ! I think that how faint it is actually makes it sexyy . Im buying more once i run out . Oh one downside though is that i was downtown seattle in the CD and i walked into a walgreens , there it was in wallgreens for 5 bucks . Idk , thats a bit odd and takes away some value of the perfume when i know i could get this at a local wallgreens in some places , but i honestly dont care its still a great perfume .
 Ordered the Sandalwood Vanilla , I received it within 2 days . It is very subtle , and feminine , Not too sweet , which I was afraid of . Wonderful product will order again .
 I just got my Egyptian Goddess roll on today and it smells divine . I already got compliments on it when I went out earlier . I will be buying more : -RRB-
 This is great . My husband loves it on me and when we go out I always get complements where someone ask for the name of what I am wearing .
 I absolutely love this oil . When am at work at least one person compliments me for this perfume . They usually say `` pachouli '' and the conversation continues . They go on to say how they were as hippies , etc. . This was my first time ever using pachouli and I have gotten more compliment than when I used expensive perfumes.I will be ordering a second bottle in the near future .
 I was very excited to receive my new roll on Sandalwood perfume this week . As soon as I got the package opened I was rolling it on myself . It smelled exactly like I had expected it to . It smells like Sandalwood , nothing else . If you want something musky and earthy , this is perfect !
 Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess is an earthy musk and a great signature scent . I have been using this for years and it is not diluted like other egyptian musks I have purchased . It 's a constant , great product .
 Majik is a wonderful scent ! It 's earthy and sweet , but not too sweet and sort of smells a little spicy , too . It 's hard to describe . When I put this on , I can smell it all day , unlike other oils or perfumes I 've had that I forget I 'm wearing after 20 minutes . Not only does the scent last when you 're wearing it , but the shelf-life of this stuff is phenomenal , too ... I bought a bottle like 15 years ago and then forgot I had it . I recently found it again and the scent has n't diminished at all .
 Gorgeous gardenia & heliotrope fragrance that warms down to a soft base with a hint of sandalwood and white musk .
 This is the most enchanting scent I 've ever smelled . It 's been my favorite for a few years , now.I do n't know how to describe it ... it 's slightly musky , but has a very beautiful nostalgic aroma to it , like something you 'd find in an antique store.I also recommend pouring some of the perfume into an oil burner ; it really warms up the room with its beauty .
 This will be my 3rd bottle of this perfume . It last a long time and in still my all time favorite !
 I normally wear Cocoa Chanel and ran out . Cocoa is expensive so I thought I 'd try this . It smells like incense and my husband loves it . He also loves the price .
 I 've been using this specific scent of oil for a few years and I have yet to get tired of it . I bought two so i have another one when i am out . I was happy to see that it was delivered on the exact day they said it would be !
 I smelled this perfume on a girl at a ball game and HAD to know what it was ... I ordered it the very next day . I love the smell and so does everyone else . I just wish it came in a spray instead of an oil .
 I bought this perfume in S.F. on Haight St and fell in `` love '' . This is the best perfume I 've ever had . It 's small enough to carry with me and lasts ALL day ! A little goes a long way ! You HAVE to get this one , if not this one , White Musk is awesome too !
 Wonderful perfume ... very inexpensive price for the product !
 Product arrived very quickly . Perfume was well packaged , so there was no case of possible breakage during shipment . I would purchase from seller in the near future .
 I had been searching for Night Queeen for years after finding it in a gift shop once . It is an oil - rolls on pretty generously . A little bit goes a long way .
 I sent this to a friend in America . She says she likes it . I have not smelled the fragrance myself but am considering ordering one for me .
 My Patchouly came much earlier than expected ! Thank you ! The oil bottle was protected and showed no signs of defects and the product description was accurate . I have used this oil every day since getting it and really like the roll on feature -- much better than applying the oil by hand ! Thanks !
 This , Divine Opium , is a very lovely fragrance ! Nice for Autumn & Winter . Auric Blends Fragrance Descriptions - Perfume Oils says , &#34; A spicy oriental , enhanced by cinnamon and pepper , with carnation , jasmine and rose supported by vanilla and patchouli . &#34; I have ordered this fragrance more than once , and have also tried several others too , with which I have been very pleased . And I love the roll-on form .
 This is a sexy scent I found 12 + years ago . I love how it implants it 's essence on the mind . It 's truly the only perfume I enjoy wearing .
 I absolutely love the fragrance and it lasts a long time . There is no mess , it was a wonderful purchase .
 Auric has a ton of different scents and the roll on makes it perfect for the purse or night out bag but I an not the biggest fan of the &#34; Chinese Rain &#34; scent . Amber smells much better .
 This scent is magical beautiful and not overpowering , I wore it and went to the mall recently I was amazed how many people approach me asking me what I was wearing what fragrance so I said it called Auric blends Egyptian Goddess they all liked it wanted to know where I bought it and I said amazon website they were all said wow , I said you can find it there , the scent made me look like a goddess too felt like cleopatra , thank you amazon it will be one of my favorites now .
 I tried this as a tester in a local health store . I was almost out to the car when my husband smelled it , and asked if I would go back in and buy it . It is different ... . It has an interesting `` familiar '' scent ~ it reminds me of something from childhood and brings back a happy feeling in me . I have gotten compliments on it , and I NEVER have received compliments on a scent before . It is inexpensive enough to try it , if you want something different ! Lasts forever , too , because you use so little .
 Smelled this on a lady who was sitting beside me on an airplane and fell in love with the scent ! Came home and ordered it immediately ! Lasts all day !
 I heard Jasmine was a very good scent for depression , stress , and that kind of thing . I will wear it .
 I 've used this product for years , and always am told how nice I smell when wearing it . It 's fresh and sweet .
 Beautiful light scent !! Upset that I ca n't purchase it alone . It is an &#34; add on item &#34; . It is a beautiful scent though .
 I always wear Cashmere by Donna Karan but that is a little expensive . This oil is great for a day time dab and it last the entire day . Occasionally I have been known to combine the 2 and that smells FANTASTIC !!! I get soooooooo many compliments either way .
 After so many failed attempts to find a subtle , yet sultry scent I have finally found the perfect one ! This particular brand is consistent with all other Egyptian Musk oils that I have used in the past . It is a scented roll-on oil , however , so if you 're looking for a spray-on or traditional perfume , this product is probably not for you .
 This is one of my new favorite perfumes , and so inexpensive ! It is intoxicating , warm and inviting . It has a powder smell , which is the nature of sandalwood , I usually hate any powder smell but this is so very different , the vanilla adds a little extra sweetness and softness . I found a store near my house that carries all of the auric blends fragrances and I spent nearly an hour smelling each and every one and ended up buying three that I simply could not live without . They are far superior to any expensive brand name perfume . I used to work in a perfume shop and nothing I came across can beat the staying power of this perfume oil . I 've experimented mixing each of my new scents and every one turns out just as delicious as the original .
 This is my favorite . It smells comforting . I think it smells like there is just a touch of cinnamon and musk with woods . Just my guess . I layer it with Marilyn Miglin Magic . It 's wonderful !!!!
 The smell of this is so rich and sensual without being cloying or overly pungent . A bit amberish , sweet and smoky . EVERY single time I wear this -LRB- i put it behind my ears and it melds into my hair , lasts ALL day -RRB- at least one person says how great I smell . Better than my $ 80 or $ 90 bottles of perfume !!! And if you have a problem with anything , Tomsinscence is very helpful if that is where its ordered from !
 I have been wearing this scent on and off for years I get nothing but compliments whenever I wear it ! Smells mostly like Gardenias
 After hearing all the reviews , I knew I had to have this perfume.The cherry opens up when put on my skin , and as time goes by the vanilla warms up . There is a slight buttery herbal finish.I like to layer it with Egyptian Goddess for an extra sensual yet sweet scent .
 This roll-on perfume oil has a vanilla base scent , a cherry top note , and a hint of spice that emerges as it warms -LRB- with my body chemistry , anyway . As with any perfume , it will smell a bit different on each individual -RRB- . This has been my signature scent for the last ten years . When I wear it , people constanly ask , `` What is that fabulous smell ? '' -LRB- That or , `` Is someone baking ? '' If someone mistaking you for baked goods is a problem , this is not the perfume for you . -RRB- I have sensitive skin , and many perfumes make me sneeze , but this product is gentle on allergies and my skin . The scent is young and playful , not for days when I 'm feeling grown-up and serious -LRB- on those day I wear this company 's Sandalwood Vanilla -RRB- . The only drawback
 i JUST bought this today !! cant get over the smell of it . . I cant even put my finger on what is making me so attracted to this . is it the floral ? is the hint of vanilla ? or a tad of musk ? . . i just love the smell . I think I love this more than I love the overly priced designer brand perfumes . i cant wait to wear this when i go out ! i know im going to run out of this real soon from using TOO much . but honestly , i really havent been this obsessed with a perfume before
 Honey Almond
 Egptian Goddess roll-on perfume is so amazing ! Stays on all day and smells fabulous on . I get so many compliments when wearing it . It is soft and is not over powering on . I was first introduce to this by a mutual friend last year and I am so glad she told me about it . I make sure to have at least 1 of these in my perfume collection . I would recommend Egyptian Goddess in a heart beat . You will definately not be disappointed and happy that you purchased this . By far a extremely well worth perfume !
 Egyptian Goddess is such a lovely exotic fragrance . It has the ability to unleash the goddess in you as it delights the senses . My body chemistry seems to blend better with musky aromatics so this is the perfect fragrance for me . Once I glide the applicator on my wrists , inside my elbows and the pulse points of my neck it tends to transport me to beautiful places -LRB- I adore the roll on applicator -RRB- . I consider it a fragrance that whispers , yet loud enough to be heard without being offensive .
 I wanted to try it because the reviews seemed positive . I love the smell ! I was a little worried because it does smell more mature than what people my age normally wear -LRB- I 'm 24 -RRB- but it definitely has the right amount of floral and musky notes . Its not over powering but the scent lasts all day which I can not say for my D&G ; or Ralph Lauren perfumes . The essential oils in the perfume probably have something to do with the staying power and I love rubbing my wrists together because the oil gets warm and really activates the smell.I bought my bottle through Tom 's Incense because Tom is an amazing seller . I 've never had any qualms about ordering from him because if there 's ever a problem , he 's quick to respond and fix any mistakes -LRB- which I 've only had one out of the many orders -RRB- .
 this is the only place i can find my favorite oil . the buying is simple and the shipping is so fast ! very happy !
 I 'm a big fan of this scent . It has a very feminine floral scent when you first apply it , and then after about an hour , you can really start to smell the warm vanilla tones underneath . It 's warm and pretty at the same time , which makes it very unique . I 've had both men and women tell me how good I smell when I wear this one .
 I 'm one of those people that is never satisfied with a scent . I buy and hate it shortly after . Well , I just love this Egyptian Goddess scent ! My husband wo n't stop hugging me and nuzzling my neck ! Back in the 70 's I wore Ambergris Oil by Jovan . After it was discontinued I 've been searching and searching ... never satisfied until now . I 'm going to get the big bottle and also the soap . I 'm just so happy I have a scent again that is ME . Thank you Auric and also Amazon. : -RRB-
 Everytime I wear this oil , I get compliments . I 've been told several times by different guys that this is the sexiest perfume they 've ever smelt . Its not cloyingly sweet or floral like many typically `` girlie '' perfumes . Rather it combines the earthy sensuality of musk with exotic overtones such as sandalwood to create a rich scent that is both distinctive yet subtle . Its enough to make any woman feel like a goddess !
 I tried this at first because it was attributed by two biographers to be the signature fragrance of Carolyn Bessette Kennedy , who both waxed rhapsodic about it 's contribution to her unmistakable classic style . -LRB- SeeWhat Remains
 This is a fragrance that you wear as much for yourself , as you do to smell good to others ! You feel very sexy , warm and feminine . The third note is as wonderful as the first , that is the advantage of wearing oils - as long as they mix well with your own skin oil . If you pick up a garment worn yesterday with this perfume , you 'll want to bury your face , and inhale deeply ! They still need to work on the quality of their candles , the wick burns straight down the center within a few hours -LRB- instead of the 70-80 hours on the label -RRB- but I use the remaining wax in my candle warmer for a light version of this beautiful scent .
 This is by far my favorite fragrance , and its such a juxtaposition of soft and meaty , juicy and sweet sink your teeth in scent that I even roll it on my skin at night before going to bed . This smells like warm skin bathed in cool blue moonlight , its really beyond description , as this scent is pure sexapill without the animal pheromones and fancy shmancy stinky perfume stuff they use these days.I have loved and used this for the past few years as a friend told me it was her favorite scent and I can easily see why ; it 's sexy , crisp with a sensual and musky aroma . I usually prefer spray on fragrance as they are easy to use , but I love to roll this oil all over my wrists and beck to the point where I can smell the clean and gorgeous scent all day long.If you like anything musky then this is really up your alley . Every time I meet someone who smells good they always wear some kind of musk wether America , Egyptian or Japanese , and let me tell you this stuff it liquid gold , It seriously makes my boyfriend drool and my coworkers ask me for what it is , and I tell them its Egyptian Goddess . The hot dunes , coolly moon and sexy fleshy musk is perfectly captured in this roll on essence . I also love the incense this brand makes , for it sets this soft and delicious mood in my home.This is a winner , not doubts about it !!! And I do n't know anyone who has resisted the charm of this perfume !
 This perfume is a beautiful scent ! I receive so many compliments on it whenever I wear it ! Great for the price !!
 I tried this fragrance out at a store near my house that sells all of the auric blends perfumes . I bought three others which I loved immediately and while Egyptian Goddess was nice I was n't all that impressed , so I left without it . Then I noticed that it stayed on a very , very long time , and the longer I had it on the more I loved it . The scent changed drastically and turned into a delicious soft floral , kind of floral , but not your typical sweet floral , more earthy but still sweet ... I dont know how they do it . It also became more intense when I was out cleaning my car in the heat and it changed a little bit more . The other fragrances I bought stay very true to what they smell like out of the bottle , which is preferable , but this one seems to change completely depending on body temperature . I 've been wearing it for a week now , and it smells different every day . Its a mysterious thing because even now , when I put my nose up to my wrist and smell , I 'm still not all that impressed , but when I just let it be and take a deep breath , I can smell the fragrance and it is divine . This is definately made for a goddess . This scent puts me in a good mood , and keeps me happy all day , I want to know what they put in this stuff , though im sure its a closely guarded secret ! ... It 's mystery and magic in a bottle . Not to mention seduction , I wore this for my husband shortly after I bought it and I 've never seen him react to a perfume I have ever worn like that , he could n't stop sniffing my neck and told me he could smell me on him all day . He also commented that I smelled `` absolutely divine '' . This scent screams feminine and grown up , a world away from those overpowering super sweet teenage girls perfumes that you can smell literally 20 feet away ! uck ! I hate those .
 This perfume is absolutely divine ! I have been trying for years to find a light , sweet , floral perfume that did n't smell like sickening sweet cotton candy or bubble-gum . I 've found it . I did a google search a few weeks ago entering in `` best selling perfume for women '' and the website Auric Blends came up with Egyptian Goddess listed on the site . I took a chance . I had no idea what the perfume would smell like ... I just knew that I needed to try something new and I knew that I did not want to pay $ 24 for a 1.07 ounce bottle just in case I hated it . I decided to try the $ 7 roll on fragrance . Oh , I 'm so sorry that I did n't buy the larger bottle now!This oil based perfume is a sweet , soft musk smell with floral undertones ... the minute I rolled this water of the nile on my wrists , my mood lifted tremendously . I 'm a big aromatherapy fan -- love incense and aromatic oils and fragrant soaps ... all that great stuff . This being an oil based perfume will ensure that the fragrance lasts . Oh , I love this stuff so much . Now I have two favorite perfumes
 Everyone who knows me calls this my scent because I have worn it for nearly 8-9 years and its not a common perfume . I have n't always been able to find Auric Blends brand , but they are the best . And now with the internet it is easier than ever . This will definitely be my scent of choice for as long as the make it available . I had to go put some on after reading all the other reviews and it is so familiar to me . A sweet musky scent that is n't overly flowery like commercial perfumes and it is n't too overwhelming like Patchouli . Its a mysterious blend of deep and sexy smells . Mmmm ... never let it go !!
 A friend introduced me to this perfume oil in college , and while the bottle lasted -LRB- which was a long time -RRB- it was my favorite , but then I graduated and forgot about it . Recently I 'd thought about it and only remembered it was called egyptian goddess , and was overjoyed to find it on amazon for only $ 7 - probably less than I had paid for it 5 years earlier . I was even happier when I got it , it smells every bit as great as I remembered . I always get compliments on it , my husband loves it , and it has replaced all of my expensive perfumes I used to wear . I will never again spend $ 100 on a bottle of perfume ; all I need is $ 7 . And it really does last a while . Oh , and sometimes I think things like this will always smell like patchouli which I ca n't stand , but this one does not . It is light and warm and floral but not overwhelming .
 My mother for years wore Jovan Patchouli Fresh Musk , it is now unavailable and has been for years . I found it a few times on ebay for a ridiculous amount but that is what my mother loved . This is very similar and much cheaper !!! Since it is a oil , it lasts longer and is much better than a spray ! I thought it would be a little overpowering but is not at all , would reccomend this to all `` hippies '' that love that patchouli smell !!! Great buy for a great price !!!
 This is another good fragrant from Auric Blends . Its a fresh scent that is light for the summery days and when you do n't want to wear a heavy scent . I like it alot and I carry it in my makeup bag since its small enough . Do n't let the small size fool you ... it lasts a long time since its an oil and you do n't need a ton of it ...
 It 's difficult to find a good vanilla musk scent in any product . There is more of a vanilla scent than musk , which makes it a little softer tone . It is now one of my favorite s ents to wear .
 I purchased this product after falling in love with a similar oil at another store -LRB- that I ultimately did n't purchase due to the high price -RRB- . I was pleasantly surprised to see that the quantity of this was much larger than I had expected . It smells great and applies easily due to the roll-on top . It is a very delicate , subtle scent , which I was looking for , but it seems to fade right away unless covered by some clothing . I dab this on my wrists every morning and usually by lunch time the scent is undetectable unless I bring my wrist right up to my nose . Still , you ca n't beat the bargain .
 Scent was n't what I had hoped for &#9829; Was hoping it would have been more musky , on a personal note nice scent , just not for me to wear during the day , more of a night time smell &#9829;
 Strong when you first put it on but then it is very mild . For some one who 's allergic to a lot of this kind of stuff it is the only perfume i use .
 This is a great product . 2nd time I have bought it
 This is a wonderful rose smell , it could n't smell closer to the real thing . A little strong at first , but really evens out well . I love catching whiffs of myself all day wearing this stuff . I am a rose lover . I grow Oklahoma red roses that are extremely fragrant . I could spend all day outside smelling the roses . But with this stuff , I do n't have to . I have gotten a lot of compliments wearing this . I truly believe this is a great quality perfume/oil for a very good price!I was introduced to this brand , Auric Blends , by a friend who came to work smelling so nice . She bought me a bottle of the Love scent and I have thoroughly enjoyed that one as well .
 Since the first time I bought this I 've always sought it . The scent stays on your skin or cloths -LRB- I prefer on a sleeve or scarf works best -RRB- , whereas regular spray perfumes do not last after a short while . When ordering , I got this from different companys , and from ordering from Auric Blends , it has a stronger sweeter smell than the other distributers , maybe because thats where it comes from , and the other ones have to get it from them and they eathor water theirs down or sell old ones . who knows . This is my fav . perfume next to E. Taylors `` passion '' .
 I ordered this fragrance after admiring it on two other women -- it smelled so good , I just had to take a chance on it ! I was n't disappointed . It goes on with a very soft scent , a bit sweet and very subtle . The first time you wear it , you 'll think it has very little scent . But as the oil blends with the oils on your skin , it begins to grow , to blossom , and it becomes a truly lovely and very sexy fragrance . Now that I 've tried it , I ca n't imagine living without it . I 've always loved perfumes with a hint of musk . If you like musk in a fragrance -LRB- think Coty 's Wild Musk , or the old favorite , Evening in Paris Musk -RRB- , you will absolutely love this ! The roll-on bottle is very easy to use , and allows you to put the oil exactly where you want it with no spilling or messy residue . Try it . It 's very affordable and truly wonderful !
 I have used this scent for about 15 years now , and still love it . Tropical rain , the scent is usually sweet -LRB- think of candles . . -RRB- . This is not sweet , which I hate ! LOL Light , fresh , breezy , with a touch of musk ... I am not a fan of perfumes and this is perfect .
 Wonderful patchouli scent in a wonderful little bottle . The bottle has a roll-on applicator which is a huge bonus for me .
 I found One Love body oil about 10 years ago in a little shop in Ocean City MD. and fell in love with it . I went back to Ocean City several years later and the shop was no longer there , I have tried many other perfumes which usually stir up my allergies , I was so pleasantly surprised to find it on Amazon.com . I ordered 3 bottles of it which I recieved on time as stated . I will definately be ordering more before I run out . Thanks
 I like this scent a lot it is a bit too pungent for me though . I prefer majic from the same brand . It is more divine in my opinion . Toms is great to order from , by the way .
 The name of this product says it all ! It has a slightly sweet , flowery scent that most definitely captures the exotic , tropical island aroma . If you want to entice a certain special someone `` even more so on a hot summers night '' this is a sure win . Usually arrives within seven days and Auric blends has great packaging as well . This bottle costs around $ 7.50 each and worth every penny , it 's a long lasting quality oil .
 I heard about this product in a magazine article somewhere . I was pleased with the price and was thrilled with the wide selection . Decided to go with what I am familiar with and love it . I take it with me to work out . It 's strong enough to rid me of any sweaty smell -LRB- no time to shower -RRB- and is so small I can take it anywhere .
 This cologne oil has a nice long lasting aroma that you can not go wrong with .
 This product smells absolutely wonderful . It is subtle and definitely not overpowering but a little does go a long way . The roll-on is a great way to apply it in controlled amounts .
 this is BY FAR My most fave perfume OUT THERE !!! it smells soooooo good , you wont be disappointed !
 Although this is probably considered more of a female-oriented scent -LRB- it reminds me a little bit of baby powder -RRB- , I find the Auric Blends brand of African Musk to be both incredibly sensuous and yet very `` clean '' -LRB- not overly heavy -RRB- . It 's a light , musky and somewhat powder-y scent which I actually dab on the back of my neck and arms when I 'm working out at my stinky gym -LRB- I would n't wear this at work -RRB- . I find that it does n't end up smelling like a heavy body spray when I 'm working out -LRB- and I 've had more than a few folks tell me they really liked it -RRB- . It smells like a VERY light version of musk incense that street vendors sell , but much nicer.Although a particular perfume scent is hard to describe , if you do see this being sold anywhere else , try the sample bottle . I actually bought my first bottle about 5 years ago for $ 5 from a street vendor in NYC who was also selling incense , but I have n't seen Auric Blends being sold on the street in awhile , so I 've been buying here at Amazon . Price here is good , too . About $ 2.00 cheaper than what I 've seen online at other places .
 I really hoped this was as good as the reviews I had read about this product , well it was even better !!! I love this perfume its nice and comfortable make you feel sexy , even my 13 year old daughter loves it . I was very surprised she did but she really likes the scent so its for every age you will enjoy this light sexy scent when and if you get tired of all those floral scents everone is wearing .
 I saw all the reviews on this oil/perfume and it is as everyone writes . You either hate it or love it . I personally am enjoying the musky/campside / freshness of this scent and will order again . It arrived very quickly and I 'm happy on taking the chance on this one . I got a chance to smell Love at a retail store and really like that scent as well so I 'm thinking of ordering that on the same site I got this one . If you are thinking of ordering this make sure you read all the reviews and keep an open mind when you get it ... its def . for people that do n't want to be overrun with a high end perfume smell . This scent is on the natural side which I find matches me more then some over price perfumes you find in a department store . Going to try the Love scent next too ...
 I love this scent ! The fragrance is slightly sweet and floral with a spicy undertone . Not too strong , and lasts a long time . And the little bottle with the roller top is so easy and convenient to carry with you . Plus , you ca n't beat the price for an everyday scent . I will buy again !
 OMG !! FOR THIS EGYPTIAN GODDESS , SMELL SOOO , GOOD AND IT LAST ON ME TILL THE NEXT MORNING , I GOT IT DUE TO ALL THE GOOD REVIEWS I READ , AND I WAS SORPRICED . IT WAS SHIPPED ON TIME AND YOU CAN NOT MISS THIS ON ON THIS AFFORDABLE PRICE . . I WILL ORDER MORE . . IN LOVE WITH THE SOFT SMELL . I GOT FEW COMPLIMENTS ALREADY ... YOU SHOULD TRY IT ... !!! I WILL RECOMEND IT ... Auric Blends - Egyptian Goddess Body Oil
 I love the smell and it lasts a long time . I ca n't believe it lasts so long considering the price . I like both the ones I tried ; this one and LOVE .
 This perfume is good for the low price . And very very fast shipping . I got it only two days after ordering , even before the items that I ordered the same day with prime 2-day shipping.Comes in a super convenient small bottle with rolling applicator , perfect for bringing with you and freshening up on the go . The jasmine scent is n't that strong but still smells good , with a hint of vanilla actually . Very summery . Worth buying but if you really want a strong jasmine scent I would recommend looking for a more pure jasmine essential oil . Sun 's Eye Herbal Essentials offers a fantastic jasmine rose option at an extremely reasonable price .
 Not sure if it lasts all day -LRB- i dont tend to sniff my wrists too often -RRB- but I really enjoy this perfum . Its not too powerful , and its one of those ` hard to get ' lavender sents that doesnt make me think of an old woman . Overall , wonderful . great shipping , good price . I 'm very pleased .
 I love the scent , very floral , at first it 's quite sweet like baby powder but luckily mellows out . It 's lasting quite awhile and is very warm . I would definitely purchase again , and the seller shipped very quickly !
 I 'd been mulling over this perfume for ages and I finally got it . Maybe to help others out , I love musky but sweet scents and I had been looking for a patchouli that dries down softly . Some of my favorite perfumes are Hillary Duff 's ` With Love , ' and B+BW 's Amber and Black Amethyst . I thought I would have loved Auric 's Amber or even the Amber Patchouli but they 're too earthy smelling for me . Egyptian Goddess is sort of like a sweet patchouli , with a hint of menthol , and maybe a base note of something like a milky amber and a touch of sandalwood . It ends up smelling very clean as opposed to earthy but not at all soapy . It reminds me of another perfume but I just ca n't put my finger on it !! It 's not overpowering but it did stay on my wrists for a full day . Overall , it 's a beautiful scent -- my new favorite ! : -RRB-
 It smells great , I love this body oil and I also recommend it to anybody who want to smell good ... Great product .
 I 've never gotten hooked on a scent until this one - clean and simple , yet sophisticated ! I never tire of it , and I still get compliments on it after years of using it !
 I bought both the Egyptian Goddess perfume oil and the Black Coconut based on the number of positive reviews both received . I was not disappointed . These oils are extremely long lasting . I dabbed on a small amount both on my wrists and neck in the afternoon . The scent lingered on until my shower the next day.I recommend layering the Black Coconut oil on top of the Egyptian Goddess for a sexy , sultry combination.Highly recommended !
 This scent is very lovely , it is light and breezy with floral undertones and a slight fruitiness . Perfect to wear everyday as it is not overpowering at all . These perfume oils last all day ! I was so impressed the first day I wore it and when I got home from work that evening the lovely scent was still on my wrists and neck . Make sure to roll these over your pulse points -LRB- wrists , neck , etc ! -RRB- . This is my new favorite !
 I buy this for my BF because we both love the he-man , musky man scent . I always have trouble finding it because I can never remember the spelling , so I stock up when I DO find it . If your man is a `` Neanderthal '' like mine , and does n't like men 's cologne , THIS is the oil you should both try ! Not too strong , not an overwhelming scent , it 's just perfect !
 The title of my review says it all ... that 's exactly what I did when I sniffed this for the first time . I bought it unsniffed figuring I could pass it along to a friend if it did n't suit me . THIS is the fragrance I have been looking for . Love is tricky to describe , but I definitely can say if you like White Amber scents , you will dig this one . It 's the first note I notice . It 's very fresh and layers well with Egyptian Goddess if you want to warm it up . The summer heat seems to give it more silage . The UPS man sniffed the air after I answered the door the other day ... so watch out . ; -RRB-
 i love this smell !! its not strong at all tho , so its not very noticeable . and its not fruity at all , thats what i wanted . very small , and its some times hard so roll it on , but not enough to be a problem .
 While this perfume oil is definitely a musk , it 's the cleanest most delicious smell I 've ever tried . I 've bought Lovely by SJP , I 've gotten DK Gold , I 've tried Gwen Stefani LAMB ... All of them have yet to come close in comparison to how wonderful this perfume smells to me . My best friend fell in love with it and asks for it for her birthday every year . My boyfriend says it smells so good it must be pheromones . It 's always boosted my mood and my confidence level when I wear it , some people have a power suit , some people have power mascara , I have my super stick of Egyptian Goddess and I swear it 's never let me down . This is more of a thanks to the company that makes it rather than a review to try to get other people to try it . Honestly , I 'd love to keep it as my own secret weapon ... But who knows , maybe the more they sell the less they 'll charge -LRB- hah -RRB- or at least in these tough economic times a good review will keep them from going out of business.I 'm stockpiling , I really am . Every paycheck I get , I buy 5 bottles . You wont find it for a better price . Someday , it 'll probably be gone ... I honestly do n't know what I 'll do , I 've tried other companies and Auric Blends is the best of the best . I do n't know , there 's just something about it . My boyfriend can tell the difference too.It smells different on everyone , stronger on some than others , but always good . I get headaches from scents so easily , LAMB really kills me after a while ... But this stuff always smells good to me . Even when I have a migraine it 's the one smell that does n't bother me , it always relaxes me.Give it a shot -LRB- or do n't , lol -RRB- , and thankyou Auric Blends .
 I purchased about 7 different ones by reading reviews . I think I only like 3 out of the 7 I bought which would be ONE LOVE AND EGYPTIAN GODDESS . I like the LOVE one if it was a bit stronger but I like scents that last and I did n't think Love would since I could barely smell it . But this one is great . I will be ordering the larger bottle .
 I have been wearing this for years and have never been let down . the smells doesnt weaken after time in the bottle like with some brands . I think I have tried every brand out there and this is the best by far !!!
 I think you truly need to experience this in person to get what everyone says about it . I think it also is different with everyone ... on me , it is just warm and slightly sweet . It becomes an aura around you . I ca n't imagine it offending anyone ... it 's very subtle . I also like Auric Blends Love , it has a touch of this in it , but is just a bit sweeter . Note
 I love this scent . I discovered it about 8 years ago , then the store I used to buy it at stopped stocking it , for some odd reason -LRB- why ?! they had auric blend 's other scents ! -RRB- and I recently bought it from here . -LRB- well , my boyfriend did , after much hinting , then an outright `` I NEED THIS '' -RRB- it is amazing . Every time I wear it I get complemented . it makes me feel beautiful and sexy , and it 's the ONLY musk I will ever wear . I actually work at a store that sells a musk perfume -LRB- one for men , one for women -RRB- and I ca n't stand it . it makes me gag . this one is warm and inviting and makes me feel at home . I know I am probably gushing , but I just adore it !
 I love this classic fragrance . It 's long lasting and people always ask me what it is .
 I really like the stuff , my only complaint is that it does n't las as long as I 'd like . other than that , it 's very nice .
 This scent is so earthy and pleasant . Five stars for the seller - fast delivery . I do n't like the roller tube , it 's difficult to get the oil out without rubbing over skin numerous times .
 I could not be happier with the speedy quick delivery of my favorite scent , Egyptian Goddess
 I bought Egyptian Goddess in a head shop , once upon a time . I have n't been back since , and I have run out ! Miraculously found it on Amazon , and it 's been a blessing . It 's a low priced roll-on oil that smells AMAZING . My boss loves it , and she only wears fancy-pantsy perfumes . It 's subtle , and portable.Loves it .
 I love his oil and I get many compliments on it . I use to wear VictoriaSecrets perfume but Now I switched to something more healthier for me and I just love it ... and so does the husband as well . I am 39 years oldand always loved to smell real good for my husband and this is the perfume that does it for me and him too .
 I love this musk smell and got this after reading the reviews . Its not that harsh on your skin and does n't have an in your face smell . Recommended
 I wanted to try Egyptian Goddess to compare it with Abdul Kareem Egyptian oil since it 's a little cheaper , more portable . I love it ; the scent lasts forever without being overpowering . This is the scent that morphs with your body chemistry to create a unique-to-you signature . It 's hard to describe , so if one was curious about what all the Egyptian oil user rave about , this is a good place to start .
 I 've been searching for this perfect scent for years . No alcohol odor , just sweet vanilla . I smell just like a bakery !
 I have loved this perfume since I was a teenager . Been years since I have used it , but still love it !
 Very subtle but noticeable , roll on bottle you control how much , do n't need much as this oil goes along way!Highly recommend & would order again from seller . AAA +
 i was leery to try this perfume , w/all purchases via internet , u ca n't `` try before you buy '' which can certainly lead to regretfu purchase . . However i was very pleased w/this oil . EGYPTIAN GODDESS is so many things . In reading reviews , alot said it smelled different on everyday , i have n't experienced that but the scent is 1 i quite enjoy & i 'm looking forward to purchasing a larger bottle as well as solid perfume -LRB- when available -RRB- . My ONLY drawback was that some reviewers stated to only buy from Auric Blends , i 've no prob w/this & thought I HAD but when i recieved perfume in mail the order invoice stated it came from `` OLD GLORY `` i 've no prob w/O . G. , it just troubles me that i clicked on Auric Blends in order to be sure the E.G.oil was the real thing & still ended up getting it from elsewhere.It still smells great but i WILL make sure to have a witness for my next purchase lol ! Enjoy this perfume oil , it begs to be worn , shared & experienced . . just be careful in crowded places , you may find yourself overwhelmed !
 I really love this stuff . It smells amazing and lasts a really long time . I find that it does n't irritate my allergies either .
 This is a subtle fragrance that lasts . I found a roll on bottle of Auric Tropical Rain in a parking lot on day when I got out of my car . Definitely a lucky day for me !
 i ordered the product on Saturday morning and 5 days later i rcvd the product . it look as is in the photo plus the smell is amazing . it is not too strong so you wo n't get a headache . the moment i put it on my inner wrist my husband went all wild on me ! ^ . ^ oh lol thank you again ... i 'm soooo ordering another one of these .
 I ordered the Egyptian Goddess roll on perfume from Amazon just based solely off of reviews . I 'm really picky with scents but I decided . . what the heck , it 's a great price and I ca n't go wrong . I 'm glad I did , because I absolutely love the scent . I was curious about the other scents they have , so I went to the Auric Blends website . They have tons of awesome sounding fragrances ! There are so many to choose from ! They make them all sound so tempting , so I splurged and ordered $ 50 worth of samples . I know , that is kinda crazy and extreme , but a girls got ta do what a girls got ta do . I 'm so glad my husband `` gets '' me . :-RRB- It was so much fun opening up all of the samples and trying them on . I ca n't say enough good things about this company and their quality natural perfume oils ! Even though I love Egyptian Goddess , I like all of the other scents too just depending on my mood . Hey , it 's a girl thing ! I have to say that the Water Lily fragrance is my second favorite !
 I really like this fragrance because it does n't quite smell like anything else out there . It 's warm yet soft , and it 's a little sweet , but not too overpowering . It 's good for everyday wear , which is nice .
 despite the negative reviews . I read many of the negative reviews and many of them were for scents other than the one I ordered . I ordered the rose and it 's wonderful . It 's simple , light , delicate , and smells heavenly on my wrist . I smell like I just brushed my hand through a rose garden -- lovely . I just received it , put a bit on and had to write this review right away . Some of the other scents may be iffy but I can tell you that if you like rose scents , you can order this one with confidence . Shipping was very fast and the item was well packed . I 'm very pleased with this company and will order from them again .
 I have worn this oil perfume for years and usually buy it here in Vermont , but this was so easy and no travel . Everything from the ordering to the arrival was perfect ! No complaints .
 There is nothing like the scent of Egyptian Goddess . To me , it captures in scent the escence of femininity and sensuality . Of course , since it is what my wife wears , I might be biased : -RRB-
 I would buy this again ! I definitely do n't hate this scent ... but I do feel it 's something an older women would wear . I am 25 and tend to go to the fruity , refreshing scents . This is more of a musk , I consider this as a fall/winter scent . I wore it a couple of times so far and the scent does seem to be different sometimes . A little goes a long way . I have never tried oil perfumes and now I am in love . I have my eye on 10 other scents that I plan on buying very soon . All in all ... very happy with my purchase . It also arrived earlier than expected date and wrapped securely.Update
 Wow , I only wore this one day and I ca n't count how many compliments I received from people at work , strangers in Starbucks and general people on the street . I ca n't stop smelling myself either . I even put a little bit of the scent on my upper lip so that I could smell it through out the day instead of sniffing my hand the whole time . And I 've NEVER done that with another scent . I just love this earthy , musky scent . I have no idea what exactly is the `` magic '' formula in this , but it 's like catnip for me and most of the people that smelled it . Definitely worth the money !
 I have a honeysuckle bush outside my front door and absolutely LOVE the scent ! So I set out to buy it as a perfume . This particular roll-on is very very strong , which is good , as it 'll last a long time in view of the fact that you do n't need to put much on . Be careful , though . You have been warned . It can be quite overpowering . Which it why I merely dab a bit between my ladies , and that 's that . Bob 's your uncle .
 I have had tons of compliments about this perfume oil . It 's light and has sensual undertones without overpowering . Men and women alike seem to like the soft scent .
 I have always loved this fragrance , I was unable to find it for quite a long time . Totally happy with this purchcase
 Love this oil . It is earthy , sweet , sensual , but not overpowering . I love a natural , womanly smell and that is what this offers . I placed it on my stomach and the fragrance radiates out and up . Will definitely buy more .
 I got my order much faster than expected , no problems at all ! I 'll definitely order again . LOVE my fabulous perfume oil ! thank u !
 I love this scent . It lasts a long time and I get lots of compliments on it . On me , it has a musky jasmine scent that I just adore .
 Excellent buy . I thought that this item may not be the `` real thing '' but it was perfect . I received it in a couple of days . I highly recommend this product and Amazon !
 I love this fragrance , great for everyday and does not over power . Soft floral , wonderful and smells great on young and old alike .
 I 've worn the Chloe fragrance for several years , mainly because I get so many compliments from other people about how good it smells and they always ask what I 'm wearing . The spray and body lotion combination are a great deal when purchased together . Occasionally I 'll venture off and try another fragrance , but I always come back to Chloe . It 's my favorite !
 Great value product . It came just as described and it was in a sealed box and package , no signs of anything wrong . Would buy again if needed .
 Okay , it 's silly but I originally tried this cologne because Liv Tyler was the model for its launch . Well , I was hooked . Although its base is rose peony , it 's not strongly floral . When it dries down , the scent that captivates you is the star anise - spicy and a little addicting . And it lasts so long ! One little spritz and I 'm good for the whole day .
 I love this perfume . It is so versatile . You can use it for going shopping or working out . Caution
 love love love this scent . i have received many compliments about it . long lasting and definitely addictive . i think its more of a late-fall and winter scent if i do say so myself .
 I love this fragance . It 's my favorite . No matter where I go , if I am wearing this perfume , I always get compliments . It has a very floral sort of sultry scent to it . I love it !
 It 's `` girly '' enough but it 's on the spicy side . I love it . It lasts so long but does n't stay in your clothes . I always get comments and men seem to love it , it 's very uplifting ...
 I love this . I received it as a gift for Christmas & I wear it daily ! I always get complimented on this scent . It is `` ME '' . I ca n't say enough good things about it . I plan on purchasing more soon because I am running low . I have not had a signature scent in years . I am so glad I was given this .
 I received the item in the mail 3 days after I put in the order . I was excited and a bit apprehensive from what some of the negative reviews said when I opened the package , but I was pleasantly suprised the item was well packaged , it was in the box like the picture showed , the perfume box was in a cellofane wrapper , the perfume bottle was perfect brand new condition just like if I had driven the 1 hour and half to get it from the only place that sells it , most importantly its the correct perfume that I 've gotten a ton of compliments on over the last few years , also my fiancee loves it too , this perfume is definitely in my top 5 of all time favorites and always will be .
 I almost did n't buy this because of the 3 bad reviews for this product . AM I GLAD I TRUSTED MY OWN INSTINCTS ! Let 's get things straight . This perfume is called `` Very Irresistible '' - what qualities would you associate with a name like that ? Do n't expect this to be a light and clean , smells-like-soap scent . This is a * modern * floral scent - vibrant and glamorous - and because it 's `` strong '' , one spritiz lasts you all day -LRB- keywords
 El perfume llego en perfectas condiciones en todo sentido . El tiempo de env&iacute;o fue super rapido . Recomiendo ampliamente a este vendedor
 I love this perfume and it 's half of the price as my local department store . Well worth it . I would recommend this perfume to anyone who likes perfume that is not too over powering .
 My boyfriend and I really love this perfume ! It 's amazing and lasts a long time , plus this was an awesome price !
 I was very disappointed the way I received this item . My long time friend who is a senior , talked about this item any time we talked . So for her 71st birthday , I wanted to surprise her and buy it for her . I was Very Disappointed when I received it and wanted to send it back and purchase something else . I did not receive it as pictured , next to a box . Instead , it came in a velvet like pouch which was NOT PRESENTABLE . I wanted to receive it as pictured , indicating that it came in a box . Or it should have stated that it would NOT BE BOXED as some items did state . I gave it to my friend anyway , but I felt bad because the presentation was very Tacky . As I stated at the beginning of this review , I Was Very Disappointed !
 This stuff is sexy & delicious ! I bought it for my wife for Valentine 's Day and could n't `` resist '' giving it to her early . She loves it !
 I purchased VERY IRRESISTIBLE For Women By GIVENCHY Eau De Toilette Miniature 4Ml -LRB- 0.13 oz -RRB- thru Amazon . Amazon had the lowest price for this item & I will always go to amazon site for future purchases . Amazon is simple to use , clear on description and gives you exactly what you are searching for.VERY IRRESISTIBLE For Women By GIVENCHY Eau De Toilette is an absolute favorite of mine now . When purchasing I was n't sure if I wanted to buy a large bottle so finding a small -LRB- mini -RRB- for approx . $ 11 was just what I wanted.Love Product , Love shopping Amazon !!
 The perfume smelled as i remember , the spritz though had a hard time doing its job , that 's why i gave it 4 stars . My mom loves this scent , very feminine .
 All one can say that this gift was right on target.The fragrance was just what she wanted and was like the wind on a warm day flowing thru a flower garden in the tropics ...
 I buy Very Irresistible Eau De Toilette Spray for my g/f . It 's one of her favorites , and this time was for her birthday.Got this order from this site because the price was right .
 Can , t be anymore satisfied with my order . The package was delivered , like usual , on time . The produce was beyond satisfactory to my expectation . The reviews by customers about the pros and cons of the product were honest and very helpful , in fact it was the reason why I selected this particular Eau De Toilette Spray for my wife 's mother 's day gift .
 This is my favorite perfume ever . Always get a lot of compliments on it , which is nice . Have been wearing it loyally for 5 + years .
 I have been wearing this product of over 5 years now and it has such a great , soft , pleasant and sexy smell . One of the best on the market today and the smell last and last and last
 This is my signature perfume !! It smells wonderful and I constantly receive compliments . Everyone is different , but this perfume is definitely for me !
 I 've worn this on and off for about a year , and every time I wear it I get comments from total strangers about how much they like it . I love it because it does n't clog up my head with its potency ; it smells light and pleasant .
 Received the perfume in record time . It was reasonably priced -LRB- compared to other sellers and department stores -RRB- , and was exactly what i ordered ... no look alikes . : - -RRB-
 The perfume smells of sophistication and exudes sexiness . It 's great for a night out because of how it entices the senses and the duration of the scent . It 's more spicy than floral , but not to the point it overwhelms . I absolutely love it and so does my boyfriend !
 I love the way I get so many compliments from this . Layer it with the very irresistible perfume and you have a scent that lasts all day ! Worth every penny !
 Excellent perfume for the day or night , for a formal occasion or casual , can be for work or leave , very elegant yet cool . . I am a big fan of givenchy perfumes , the smell is fascinating . . I love is the best thing and bought
 When I tried this perfume out in a store , I did not expect it to be as nice as it is , and the piece of paper which they gave me with the scent on it , held the scent for a few days . The name ought to be more sophistocated , to suit the perfume , which I love .
 I 'm the type of person who usually just passes by the perfume counters and testers . Last fall , a woman handed me a card with Very Irresistible on it , and I just stuffed it in my coat pocket without giving it a second thought . Later on that evening , I kept smelling something I really liked but could n't figure out what it was - when I realized it was the card sprayed with the perfume ! Needless to say , the next time I went shopping , I was able to get a sample which I quickly used up -LRB- and constantly had my wrists to my nose ... so my co-workers thought I was a bit strange -RRB- . I 'm pretty picky about perfumes , as so many turn bitter smelling , are too sweet , too flowery , or give me headaches after a while . This one does come on a bit strong at first , but then it settles in to a lovely scent . I really have n't used either of my other two perfumes since I started wearing this one !
 My order arrived really quickly . I love love love my perfume and was thrilled with the price ! Everywhere i go people always ask me what im wearing . It smells strong but sexy . Im going to buy more soon ! : - -RRB-
 The product arrived on time ; my wife loves it and was for a good price . I &#8217; m completely satisfied with this purchase .
 This is my favorite all around fragrance . It 's my signature scent . It 's light enough that it 's not obnoxious but you ca n't mistake the scent .
 It came fast and there were no problems with the product . Everything was normal and went smoothly , no complaints here .
 I am very pleased with this perfume . Smells great , great price . I would order again & recommend it to anyone . .
 After my wife saw a sample of Very Irresistible in a magazine , it was all she could talk about . Enter smart husband - stage left . I immediately ordered a bottle for her Christmas present .
 I am using this parfume for the last couple years . Wanted small size to fit to my purse . Enjoy it !
 I totally love this product and its presentation , but the package did n't come in perfect conditions . That would be my only complain .
 I love this perfume ! I got it at a great price as well.It 's elegant and sexy as I am often told when I ware it !
 I really like this perfume and have used it for quite a while . I would recommend this produce to someone who likes a nice perfume but does not over power you .
 I always get compliments when I wear this fragrance ! Smells very rich and classy . Very feminine and sexy . I promise you will not be disappointed
 I have so many complements wearing this fragrance and it never fails someone always stops to ask ... What are you wearing ? ... I tell them and also let them know to purchase on Amazon much more affordable here than in the department stores .
 I would give 6 starts if there was an option , wife love it and would use it all of the time if she could !! Just purchased another bottle today for her .
 The best aspect of this product is the 100 % pure Petroleum Jelly with the natural Cocoa Butter . It does leave a shine on my hands after applied . This is not to be used on infants . The tube is white with a blue flip-top lid at the bottom . This is how it stands in the upright position . I have no problems getting the contents out of the opening . A small squeeze produces a white , creamy droplet that absorbs quickly into the skin , leaving the scent behind . You do not need a lot of this to feel your skin smooth again.The Vaseline Soothing Moisture Moisturizing Cream with Cocoa Butter is hypo-allergenic in a 4.5 ounce tube . There is no greasy feeling after applying , but sometimes if I squirt too much I need to wipe off the excess or use on another area . I can use a drop and then type without my hands slipping around or feeling sticky.I get many cuts on my fingers from my eczema . Using the Vaseline Soothing Moisture Moisturizing Cream with Cocoa Butter keeps the cuts from cracking or bleeding since they are softened upon application . Vitamin E is also an ingredient . The fragrance lasts a long time , but is not overpowering . I change diapers frequently with lots of washing my hands daily . I find it not necessary to reapply after washing my hands due to the softness that remains.Initially I purchased the Vaseline Soothing Moisture Moisturizing Cream with Cocoa Butter for my gym bag to use after working out , but after trying once I wanted that Cocoa Butter scent at other times of the day.The cream is thick , not runny or oily . This past summer season I chose not to wear sandals since my feet break out from the sweating and produce rashes that hurt and itch . All summer I wore socks and sneakers . I applied the Vaseline Soothing Moisture Moisturizing Cream with Cocoa Butter to my feet before putting on my socks daily . This was soothing on contact before and then after I took off the shoes . This made a big difference in keeping my feet soft and rash free .
 Where did it go ? It seems to be unavailable now . It is very creamy and works so well on dry skin .
 I have thick , medium length , curly hair and the temperature settings on this flat iron allow me to straighten it in no time . It is also dual voltage with an `` American style '' plug which allows me to simply plug it to an adapter and use it here in Kuwait with no problems . My roommate has a conair , dual voltage flat iron and she prefers mine over hers . Her 's has square edges and grabs hold of your hair at times . I 'm definitely pleased with this flat iron .
 I bought this for my 16 year old granddaughter who is very fussy about her hair . She has tried other flat irons in the past but always had some frizz at the ends of her hair . She is thrilled with the Lilique because she now has the straight and smooth hair she has been desperately trying for .
 I bought this flat iron because I was sold at NannyM 's review . Like NannyM 's grandaughter , I 've tried so many other brands such as Corioless -LRB- in my opinion is the worst -RRB- , Avanti , KQC , Chi which are all very expensive but they did not deliver the result that I wanted . The Lilique is by far the best . My hair stays straight and really shiny , I mean shiny that you will not think that my hair got damaged from using those expensive brands of hair straighteners that I mentioned .
 I already knew I love this perfume , everytime I am around somone new when wearing it I get complimented . The scent is a nice spicy floral . But not floral in a traditional sense . It has a kind of exotic smell to it . I am always looking for a good deal when buying this . There is no need to pay the ridiculous department store prices .
 I love Euphoria by Calvin Klein been wearing it for a year . I knew the product was good but I am very pleased with the shipping and handling !!!!! It arrived in great condition and very quickly . I will purchase again . Thank you so much !
 I Love this perfume forever , people always ask me what I am wearing , and it lasts me a good 14hours at work .
 This fragrance from CK is simply amazing ... my wife just loved it ! Definitely a great gift item for any occasion ...
 Prompt delivery . Came wrapped and in box . My sister received it as a gift on Christmas and she is very happy with it .
 Exactly the product I wanted and expected . It arrived packaged securely , and in a timely manner .
 I have used Ogilvie since the only choice was the `` regular . '' I have never been disappointed . It is one of the remaining quality products on the market . I only hope it stays around .
 It is almost impossible to buy a home perm nowadays in the stores that regularly used to sell them . This brand of perm is the only one I have ever used or wanted to use . And to see it available on Amazon , I was thrilled . Not all of us gals can afford to go to a beauty parlor to get a perm .
 I wanted a home perm and got tired of going from store to store . This one went in and stayed in no mistakes .
 Happy to be able to find product on line since ca n't find in stores . No complaints about product . Arrived in timely manner .
 I use the Ogilvie Home Perm three times a year . I have used this product for years .
 My mother is 87 years old and very self conscious of her hair . When it became difficult to find Ogilvie home permanents she became worried . It was great that we could find them . She was very pleasantly surprized . It was what she wanted and they delivered before we even expected them . Great service .
 I get this perm for my 85 year old Grandmother . We 've tried all the Ogilvie perms and she likes this one the best for her very fine , delicate hair . Grammaw does n't have a computer or an Amazon account , but she recommends this perm ! ; -RRB-
 A good product . I have fine and delicate hair so was glad to find this perm . Otherwise I would n't beable to have a perm .
 This is another terrific product from Peter Thomas Roth especially if you are over 50 !!! I have had periodic bouts with ` adult acne ' but since I have been using this particular toner from PTR it has practicably eliminated the annoying flare-ups !! I had been using PTR Conditioning Toner along with the cleanser , etc , which worked fine , but this Glycolic Toner has made a wonderful world of difference . My skin is firmer & the texture is now fanastic -- love this product !!! I will add that I am well over 50 !!
 I used this years ago and loved it . I remember thinking my skin never looked so good , but when I ran out of it , I did n't purchase again , because it was expensive . Lately , my pores/skin tone have been really bothering me . I 'm now 48 yrs old . I remembered using this product and looked it up on Amazon and believe it to be much more inexpensive than from beauty supply . I 've only been using for approx 1 week & really see a huge difference w/my pores and it will also help eliminate breakouts . I now have my husband using as well and he is really liking it . We will both continue to use !!
 I have used this product many times over the years and found it to be the only one that gives me good results . I could not find it this time locally , so was glad to see it still availble this way . Also was pleased with the prompt delivery .
 Compared to permanents given in shops today , Oglivie is by far the better permanent . The before and after perm treatments helped make my gray hair curly and shiney and not dried out . Amazon has quick and reliable delivery .
 Wow i just had this put in by a family member-and it wow-i have long thin hair and needed to make a decision to cut it perm it or body wave it . The week prior I applied 1/3 cup olive oil warmed to tolerance to my hair at bed time and wrapped with a throw away shower cap-was a bit nervous to do this-perm at home - but NOW WOW - I am So glad i it did . I will need to wait a couple of days before shampoo - and - style it with hot curlers but the hair looks twice as thick or close.I have already gotten tons of compliments-with it pretty wave-y . Honest now that its rinsed and air dried it has no smell and no horrible after soreness-scalp is fine ! Wow - I do n't even mind wearing it like this two days to conserve the wave or get the best use out of it-and help the hair settle after all those chemicals . The B4 -LRB- pre perm -RRB- conditioner really helped - it did not burn or hurt the scalp at all - I have not had a perm or any chemical treatment for two years-after a horrible salon-experience totally damaged my hair-but this one is very impressive . I wish it came in a foam though to ensure every curler rod is covered -LRB- the family member said that would be the only ting that could improve this ! -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I have no complaints . I am thankful that there is some place I can still get Ogilvie Home Permanents . I have used this brand since 1963 .
 THIS THE BEST PERM I GAVE IT TO MY 89 YR MOTHER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A PROFESSIONAL DID IT . I WOULD NOT BUY ANOTHING ELSE PUT THIS PERM .
 Ogilvie Precisely Right Salon Conditioning Perm for Hard to Wave Hair ,1 EaVery pleased with the results of this product
 I was skeptical at first , because it is hard for my hair to maintain a curl . But this product was fantastic . I followed the directions for maximum time -LRB- to leave the perm solution on my hair , -RRB- and my hair is now full of curls and body . I 'll definitely buy this again . It was a decent price too !
 I was looking for something to replace my Toni perms , which I have used for 30 plus years . I was a little skeptical of something new . Wow was I super pleased . This turned out great . I still have my curl after a month of washing . I would rate this just as good as the Toni perms . I was the first one to try it out in my family . I plan on using this type from now on .
 Can not find this product anywhere in my local stores . Have used this for years on my mom 's hair and her perms always look beauty shop beautiful . Thank you Amazon.com for always giving me a safe and easy Internet purchasing experience .
 I have used this particular Ogilvie Perm for years and have been unable to purchase it in this state for the last several years . Thank heaven for Amazon , Mama 's got curls ! Your response was very fast . The Citrical D was priced more reasonably at Amazon than anywhere else , and I have searched.Thank you , LG in Montana
 This is the first time that I used this brand , it worked as expected , the price is fair , online order saved my time . No complains . Will stick with this purchase .
 If this perm is as good as those I have used before , I will be pleased . I am pleased , I am pleased ! Now I have enough words !!
 I have used the foam produce for many years and now I need to use this product which does the job but I wish I could buy at least 6 of the foam product can the mfg contact me so I can purchase the foam product ?
 I 've always used this product - it works in just 4 or 5 minutes with great results - I do recommend it
 I have chemically treated very fine hair . Chemicals including several bleachings for frosting , as well as dyed . So my hair was not virgin hair at all . I did not follow directions exactly in that I washed my hair 3-4 days prior to the perm but used no conditioning , gels , sprays etc. . I allowed the natural oils build up.The day of the perm , I did not wash it but wet it thoroughly with water and wrapped according to instructions . I used white rods as I did not want an &#34; old lady frizz &#34; and I did get a body type perm . I can leave it as is after it dries or use a curling iron . My hair has no damage what so ever , I waited 48 hours plus before I washed it for the first time and conditioned heavily plus trimmed the ends . I am very pleased with the results . Karen C
 After trying many brands , I am so happy to be finding the Ogilvie Precisely Right perm , available again . I color my hair and although there is some fading when I perm , I get an excellent perm which stays in for months and does n't damage my hair . I use a color which does not have ammonia , just peroxide . I have tried it with the other hair color and do feel my hair needed trimmed after the perm , as there were damaged ends . However , I really like this perm as it stays in , is soft and natural looking , or very curly , depending on the roller size that you use . Barb
 I was happy to found this product on Amazon . It seems like no one is selling the perm lotion anymore . It was easy to use . I did not like the smell too much . You have to open the window when you put the lotion on your hair . The good news is you only need to have the lotion on your hair for ten minutes . My hair looks great now . I will buy this product again .
 Based on an article we read , we tried this out for use with our son who has eczema . It seems to work pretty well - does n't dry his skin out during his bath . We are already on our second bottle !
 This is great for kids with sensitive skin -- no drying nor rashes nor eczema breakouts . I know it 's pricey , but it 's worth it . Other bubble bath products might produce more/bigger bubbles , but we use this sparingly as it takes very little bubbles to entertain our toddler . This product came within shipping timeframe from seller . Seller is reliable .
 This product is perfectly mild and ideal for sensitive or allergy prone skin . Contrary to some of the other reviews , it bubbles up great into a nice scent free cascade of bubbles . It 's worth the price , which I actually consider a value compared to other products and I expect Little Twig will be a staple in our bathroom from now on .
 Nice bubbles that last as long as the brand-name non-organic ones . Not as drying as California Baby . I would buy again .
 This baby wash smells like orange creamsicles ! Yum ! It is very smooth and rich and I love to use it on my baby at bath time . The packaging is very pretty too , it would make a great gift.I Dream Baby `` Body Wash and Shampoo '' - 7 oz
 I 've ordered this product 2 times now and just placed an order for 2 more . This bubble bath makes a nice amount of bubbles and is n't drying to the skin . I have a 3 year old daughter and we have n't had any issues with infections or irritation with this bubble bath . We tried Cali baby and Burts Bees and did n't like either of those at all . Little Twig gets my vote for the best bubble bath !! The only reason I 'm giving 4 stars and not five is the price . $ 15 for bubble bath is a bit much .
 The quality of this hair fork is second to none . That reflects well on it 's makers . I love the fact that they are heirloom quality .
 I have used Olgivie perms for years and can rely on them to curl just right . The last perm I had done at a beauty salon burnt my hair so bad and it was just a frizzy mess . Since then I have only used home perms and have found the Olgivie perms to be the best .
 This spray is great ! I bought it in L.A. in a beauty shop and have used it sparingly because I could n't find it anywhere here in New England . Glad I found it on the web - Amazon.com , of course ! Just a touch here and there on your finished hair style , and you 'll be amazed . This product is more than just a hair spray . It actually makes your hair sparkle/shine . As I have blonde hair , the blonde becomes intensified and is simply `` beautiful '' . It 's a bit pricey , but you wo n't be sorry . -LRB- And if you are a blonde , you will have more than just `` more fun '' ! -RRB-
 My wife loves this cologne , its way cheaper on this site than the stores . And trust me its the same cologne . she loves it .
 I WAS TRYING TO FIND THIS PRODUCT IN SAN DIEGOAND IT WAS NOT POSSIBLE.I LOVE NARCISSE BECAUSE ITS A WONDERFUL PARFUMEI WAS AMAZED HOW QUICKLY I RECEIVED IT AT HOMEI WILL DEFINITELY PURCHASE ONLINE AGAIN .
 I have ordered this product many times , usually always from a different company but am always pleased with the fast service and of course the product .
 i have worn this for years , and years , and every time , someone asks me `` what are you wearing ? '' , not only that but people will comment on the scent at 5 or 6 at night when i put it on at 6am. , so anything that still smells that good after so many hours has got to be a hit .
 Caught this scent on a waitress at the Perfect Landing Restaurant in Denver . Had my daughter ask her about it . Got it within 3 days from Amazon , the greatest shopping site in the world . Get some for your old lady now !
 love chloe narcisse i have used it for over 15yrs , its great it stays with you all day
 GREAT !! I will continue to order when needed . I 've been using this fragrance for years and I 'm glad that I 'll be able to continue purchasing it at a better cost .
 I have used this for about 30 years I guess and would n't change a thing . Everytime I tried something else my kids said I smelled different . They do n't like change . It is soft and simple , and not at all over powering . Great product
 I received my first small bottle in 1994 to wear to my Junior Prom . 20 years later , I am still in love with this sweet , honey-floral scent . It is the warmest most seductive scent that I have been able to find ... besides Versace Red Jeans . LOL ! I find that I can get the better value when I purchase the set with 6.7 oz body lotion and the 3 . .4 oz eau de toilette from bigdiscountfragrance for $ 35 . WHAT A GREAT DEAL and the shipping is super FAST -LRB- 2-3 days -RRB- !
 Smell is very specific to individuals . I love this scent since it came out in 1994 . Amazon has the best price . Better than outlet mall perfumaina or the alike stores.If you are into floral , this is the one to get . Very distinctive .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend and she loves it , it is now one of her favorites
 great bottle size for the price , I was pleasantly surprized by how large it was . I have always loved the smell of this perfume and have n't really been able to find it in department stores in years and as soon as it came I had to spray it ... mmmm ! AMAZING !
 I received the Chloe ' fast with no problems . This was my first time to order from Amazon . It was a good experience .
 Best scent I have found for me . Not heavy but lasts for hours . I like to call it , Flowers of a different hue . Many people complimentedit .
 I have used this product every 3-4 months for at least 3 years . My hair is frizzy and wavy but not overly curly or coarse . It works wonderfully for me , straightening out everything and making it much easier to style ! Humidity and rain no longer `` frizz me out . '' I would recommend it for anyone who wanted their hair a little straighter . If you follow the directions carefully -LRB- and there are a lot of them -RRB- you should have no problem . I find it even adds extra conditioning to my hair . The only problem is it is difficult to find in stores and has to be purchased on line , at least in my area .
 Hi ! Maybe 3 wheeks ago I bought theOGILVIE HAIR STRAIGHTENING because my hair is so curly and freezze , after washing I have to use iron and was so damage . Sometimes I am in rush and always was late for that reasson . Now I am really happy because I only take a bat and do not have to use the iron , only towel dry then comb and my hair stay as straight as I allways love to have . Other thing I like is that now my hair is smooth and shiny . The product is very easy to use and only take me 10 minutes , is excellent !! Ann Villalobos
 Ive used this product once before when I was little and had long hair and it did OK but it was so long and unmanageably thick that it could n't do much . But now that I have shorter hair it allows my hair to lay flat . Yes it is harsh on a sensitive scalp so be careful . but if you hair is thick and wavy it will straighten it out wonderfully . its been a week now and yes my hair is a bit dry but its straighter than its ever been . defiantly going to continue buying it .
 I have been using this product for about 4 years and it does wonders for my hair which is thick , coarse and naturally tightly curled . Though it does n't make my hair completely straight it takes away the bushy , out of control feeling that I always had before . When I use a straight iron it stays smooth even when it is humid . When my hair was longer I did have a bit of damage , but only once . I realized that once the product starts to dry , STOP COMBING !!! Otherwise your hair will begin to stretch and break , usually at the scalp . I find I can just keep my hair pressed flat with my hands once the product gets sticky.I for one am very thankful for this affordable product that has saved me so many hours of straightening with the iron and that has made me a lot more comfortable with my hair .
 This product works great . I use it regularily . But sellers need to get a grip . I can get this product at Wal-mart for a little over $ 8.00 . So tell me why I would waste shipping charges to almost double my cost ? Thinking that maybe prime members ought to have better deals even though we get great deal on shipping .
 In April 2011 , I scheduled my first appointment for a Brazilian Blowout and the results were so incredible that I received two more
 este producto resuelto mi pelo abundante y rizado , Ogilvie Hair Straightening Treatment for All Hair Types 1 applicationen el principio era m&aacute;s gruesa , luego se lava con 2 d&iacute;as , mejor . Me gust&oacute; mucho.seguir comprando .
 I use this product every 3-4 months for the past 3 years . I have thick , coarse and frizzy hair which gets kinkier the longer it gets . It does n't make sense to grow my hair long as it shrinks and kinks when it dries so cute haircuts disappear . I follow the directions on the product except I do n't comb the hair straight as it suggests because your hair will dry exactly like you combed it straight which goes against your normal way of styling your hair . I found that it works better if you finger comb the product through your hair in the manner you would normally wear your hair . I pull tight on the areas I want to be straighter which is usually at the nape of the neck area . I have found that each time I use it , the processing time changes and since the product is good for up to one hour , I will process for 5-8 minutes the first time , let my hair dry and if it is n't as straight as I prefer , then do the process again for another 5-8 minutes but I never exceed the recommended 20 minutes . If you are concerned with damaging your hair , use Infusium 23 leave in conditioner prior to using the product . I have not had any issues with hair loss or damage but do notice a small amount of dryness which I ensure I deep condition on a weekly basis and use the Infusium 23 leave in conditioner daily . My hair stylist is amazed at how healthy my hair is . My hair is completely straight when I get out of the shower , but once it dries , it is wavy -LRB- curls are much looser -RRB- and the frizz is completely gone . I would love to grow my hair longer , but everyone knows whose grown hair long , you get those in-between stages where you absolutly can not do anything with your hair . This product can help eliminate that , but ... you may have to use it more often . Right now , it has been 3 days since I straightened my hair and I would like to color it and get rid of major blond and gray streaks , but am concerned about the hair dye causing the straintener to come undone .
 Have had curly hair all my life -LRB- loose curls -RRB- and would see ladies on tv with nice flowing smooth hair and think why didnt God bless me with that kind of hair , used a straightener before and my hair was like straw . Thought will try this one time on sides and back that way if falls out will have some on top , seriously . This was so quick -LRB- but very messy -RRB- so have some plastic for under your chair . I love the way it came out nice and straight , for the first time in my life I love my hair , hear you can buy this at Walmart but got it cheaper here . Laid down , slept on it and got up it looked the same . I read the review where the one person said chunks fell out but I process my hair , do the roots once a month so I would just say do n't leave in overtime . And I have nothing to do with these sellers .
 This was a great option for me . I have color treated hair . I also am on several different prescriptions medications that effects my hair quality . When I had gotten a home perm the last time I had problems of hair loss and poor quality of curls . This special perm was gentle and yet gave me plenty of curl .
 Ogilvie foam perms are the best ! I 've put in home perms for over 20 years now . This foam solution is wonderful not only for the person getting the perm , but for the person giving it . No running mess , so quick and easy , and it covers the hair and rods in all the tight little places so well .
 I have used Olgilvie home perms many times before and always have had success . My hair is fine , thin and needed body - which is what I received from this perm .
 This product is wonderful . I am 71 years old and have been giving myself perms for over 50 years . I send away to Amazon because perms are hard to find locally . Your hair turns out with a lot of body NO FRIZZ . I have had beauty parlor perms that made me CRY ! I am grateful that I found this product .
 I am 63 years old and still giving myself Home Perms , and that only be achieved by afoam perm , and Oligvie does it for me . So thanks for still making this available thru Amazon.com .
 This product is good but not as good as Lilt 's Foam perm in my opinion . Foam perms are preferred by many ladies who do their own hair because of the drip factor of the other types of permanent . Also , you can see clearly whether or not you have all your curlers covered with the perm solution . I 've had professionals do my hair and aparently miss a rod so there 's a part that droops - no good ! Doing it yourself and being able to see that it 's done right is better .
 Hope Amazone continues to carry this OGILVIE FOAM PERM , it 's EXCELLENT and so easy to use . I use it as a Body Wave and it always turns out so NICE and it 's real good to the hair , it causes NO DAMMAGE ! Please bring the Product back , so all of us can continue to purchase this great item !
 I gave my mom perms for years . Once I tried this , I never used anything else . Perfect every time . Easier to use .
 Love this perm . always works great . Have trouble finding it so it 's so much easier to order from Amazon
 I really like using foam instead of liquid even though the Ogilvie warming perm is also very nice . Both condition the hair and you do n't have that frizzy period before it `` settles '' down . If only I could clone myself long enough to roll the rods , it would be the easiest home perm out there .
 I have not used this perm yet . I am looking forward to trying the foam . I think it will be less messy . I have used Ogilvie perms for years .
 I love this stuff ! It smells great without being too overpowering . I usually prefer perfume oils instead of sprays because of the alcohol in most sprays , so I really love the fact that this is alcohol free . I highly recommend this one !
 This fragrance smells so good . I discovered this fragrance through my cousin who was putting it on her son who is 2 years old , and he smelled so good . The smell is not overwhelming but its just right for children . The cologne does not have a cheap smell to it like most baby fragrances , and the smell is unisex both gender can wear it ... I LOVE THIS FRAGRANCE .
 I bought this fragrance for 14 months daughter . I am absolutely in love with the smell . I recommend this product .
 My wife loves our kid with this Eau de Toilette . Is a good gift and is not easy to find on parfumeries or stores .
 I have been using Cashmere Mist for several years -LRB- and still do -RRB- . Burberry Baby Touch for Kids is a very soft , feminine scent as well and I have had many compliments on it . It works great for a woman who wants a nice , softer fragrance that does not overwhelm . I will order again .
 I was looking for an inexpensive replacement for an Italian perfume that I no longer could find , `` Santa Rosa '' , a light and delicate pure rose essence that did n't overpower but just gave a soft scent of pure rose . I had originally purchased it on a vacation to Rome , and had found it in NYC at a small perfume shop in the East Village . But I have n't found it anywhere near home . I ordered ` Quelques Rose '' by Houbigant as a replacement . It 's a nice , light rose-y scent but does n't have the purity and clean rose scent that I was hoping to find - but it is a nice perfume . I 'm still looking for the right replacement .
 I am very fond of the scent of flowers , and roses especially . Quelques Rose smells just like a perfect rose ! The scent is not overbearing , and lasts a long time . This has nothing to do with the quality of the fragrance , but the bottle is also very pretty , and fits nicely in me hand .
 This is one of my favorite shower gel 's from Axe . The scent is very exotic and is very nice . I think they have now stopped making this product so it is very hard to find .
 They were great ! I got the exact product I wanted and it was quick , reliable and in perfect condition ! I would buy from them again anytime .
 Packaged well . In a box with a little bag and air pockets so that everything stayed where it needed to .
 Being a beautician myself -LRB- retired -RRB- I look for easy and trustworthy !! This is it !!!! Foam perms -- easy as 1-2-3 . Reliable , and trustworthy -- Ogilvie Foam is one of a kind !!!
 I am a 47-year-old male and this makes my skin feel like a baby 's . What more can I say ? A superb product .
 Excellent product . I was really down and out with intense acne breakouts , I take 200mg of minocin daily for years to control my acne but I still get ocassional breakouts , and this product really works wonders for me . It is really disguisting and medicated smelling no matter what the packaging says . Honestly , the smell will linger on your skin for a while so I suggest washing before bed or at least not going out in public immediately after . BUT , this is the best acne wash that I have ever come across , and I have tried many over the years . Even a proactiv commercial cant get the amount of praise I give this product . After washing and drying your skin you immediately feel refreshed and almost like you can feel your pimples drying up . Just like any really good face scrub . The difference is I wake up the next morning and my pimples are noticeably reduced and dried up . And about 2-3 days later completely flaked away and gone . I am not sensitive so I had no redness or swelling , and the only dry skin was where my breakouts were . At the price I would say this is not an everyday wash , this is more like a severe pimple extermination when desperately needed . I HIGHLY recomend this product even at such a high cost . It works amazingly . You will be surprised .
 My derm told me about this product and I got it at my drug store . The price was more at the drug store then what my derm thought . I was glad to find it on line . It is a great price and works wonderfully .
 I have used this product over 20 years , and I have been unable to find anything that could beat this product in controlling my oil face . It may seem expensive , but it is not because it lasts for such a long time . In the long run , one will pay less because it only requires such a small amount and because it does last so long .
 I LOVE this product ! There is nothing you can buy that even comes close to its effectiveness . This is an awesome product that is not available in stores .
 PERNOX TUBE REGULAR Size
 I use this and it works well on skin . The only complaint is the sulfur smell is small but who wants to smell like sulfur . I would n't use right before going out .
 Pernox was recommended to me by my doctor after I complained of having extremely oily skin and acne . I thought I had tried everything over the counter available , but I had n't even heard of Pernox ! It is an excellent product . I doubt that it is just the Pernox working alone since I do use other good products , but since I started using it , my skin has improved so much . Way fewer pimples . My skin is still oily of course , but Pernox gets away the oil better than any other face wash , without drying the skin . My skin feels so clean and soft after using it too ! I look forward to using it every day . Pernox is n't a miracle worker , but if you 're looking for a face wash that actually does something for your skin , this is what you should use ! It is quite expensive , but at least you only need to use very little of it each time you use wash . The 4 oz tube lasts me a few months .
 My wife swears by this face wash . She loves using it and and the original scent as well . It always ships quickly .
 I 've used Pernox , as needed , for several years . Initially it was suggested by my dermatologist , but I 've continued to use the product since his initial introduction to the product and its potential . The price is fair , and since it is harder to find in stores , often having to be ordered for me , this is a most convenient and economical way for me to proceed .
 Lemon Pernox is my favorite facial scrub ever !! I use it every morning and it is not like any other scrub . It is awesome for faces with major break outs or just occasional zits . Keeps mine clean and clear . I have used it for over 20 years and now I buy it for me and my kids . I hope it never disappears . I started using it in high school and could buy it in pharmacies , then later I could only find it in one pharmacy . Then they discontinued selling it in the store . I special ordered it through my pharmacy and then one day looked online . Amazon.com is awesome . They offered it in the 2 oz and 4 oz size . So glad I decided to check online for it . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've used the Pernox facial scrub product since 1982 in place of soap because soap neverhelped very much in controlling my facial acne . From 1982 until now in 2011 . It was provided as a sample by a dermatologist and once I used it , I never used soapagain on my face unless I was out of Pernox . And , when I used soap , my facial acnewould always return within days.When I first began using it , it was sold for $ 1.69 on the shelf of most stores butit was sort of a hidden secret . In all those years , I only met one other customerin the store who was buying it.HOWEVER , although I still use Pernox and am in the process of ordering it right now , the manufacturer has changed at least once but I think twice since I originally foundit . The product today is not as effective . They have changed something in theingredient list and probably to try and cheapen the manufacturing cost but the endproduct is just not as effective . I still use it because even at age 50 , soap stillleads to acne on my face.Good product . I recommend it . And as one other person posted , I 've had the exact sameexperience that he did . All these years I 've been essentially engaging in dermabrasionand my face is healthier looking that other people my age . People tell me that.I just wish that the maker of the product would go back to the old recipe . I 'd be willingto pay the higher price for the original stuff !
 I used this product that was known as Ionax Scrub as a teenager many , many years ago at the recommendation of my dermatologist . This Pernox is the very same product . But understand that my skin type is oily . This face wash is excellent , and I would recommend it for anyone that has the same skin type . I am so excited to find it .
 I have used this product for about 35 years . It was terrific as a teen with super oily , breakout prone face ; and it 's wonderful as a fifty-something silver fox with smooth , luminescent , and freshly exfoliated skin . I really think using this product has made my skin look younger than my years . I will continue to use for the next 35 + years !!!!
 I had clear skin as a young adult , but started working outside in the dirt and heat , and I was always sweating . My skin got bad then worse when I messed with my birth control pills . With this scrub -LRB- and the birth control -RRB- my skin is 95 % clear . I have a bad habit of picking , which probably makes the 5 % my fault . I could n't be happier with a one step treatment that does n't stain my pillowcase and does n't cost that much -LRB- comparatively -RRB- . I have added an extra step for summer , a sulfur ointment for spot treatment . I took a picture of myself without makeup the other day and had nothing to complain about , which has almost never happened before . Thank the skin gods for this product !!!!
 Have used this product for 47 years , When it first came out , A 4oz . tube cost $ 2.50 . How times and the cost have changed . I would n't use anything else . Great product .
 I have tried many many soaps and medications to control my acne and I have to say this stuff is great . It has pretty much cleared up my face in about a months time . I can only use it once a day or my face will become too dry and it may be too drying to use during winter months but for the summer months it works perfect . Definitely recommend !
 It is a great product and it was shipped quickly as usual , but I would much prefer the bigger size in the lotion that is no longer available for some unknown reason . Please get it back soon .
 My husband has been using Pernox literally for years , and it ca n't be found in stores anymore . Too many new products out . If people with acne ever tried it , they would n't use anything else ! So glad I found it here !
 I 'd rather eat glass than be with out this stuff.My skin does n't respond to Benzoyl Peroxide at all and Salicylic Acid alone wo n't do the trick.My whole goal is to never get a pimple . Because if I do , my fair skin will scar and remain red for ever.What makes Pernox work for me is the sand-like exfoliating texture . It has a dense and uniform consistency . It does n't just go away after you rub it into your skin for a while . It stays there until you rinse it off.It is not a spa-like apricot scrub for relaxing on Sunday . It is serious business but not too harsh.It has sulphur and Salicylic acid as it 's active ingredients which , for me , work great . The sulphur is n't the best smelling stuff in the world and the lemon does n't really mask it in any way but like I said , Pernox is no joke.Sulphur kills bacteria and the acid exfoliates chemically , healing pimples and evening out redness.A few of my friends use the stuff too . We 're over 30 and can buy whatever pricey MD skin doctor product is on the market.And we do , of course.But Pernox works . That 's what makes Pernox a bargain.Dries it up.Sloughs it off.Digs it out.And clears it up.Works on back and chest too.Love it .
 Like everyone has said here it works great . Been using if off/on for years . It suddenly became difficult to find around 2001 . All the drugstores gradually took it out of their inventory . I have no idea why , I kept asking but could n't get an intelligent answer from anyone . I finally decided to look for it online in 2007 . I found that AMAZON.com has the best prices.The consistancy is key . It 's a very fine sandy substance . The tube works best because it 's thicker than the lotion . It really gets into your pores and cleanses them completely each time you use it . You will feel the results immediately . The ingredients are another key , the combination really makes this product work . I can not tolerate sacycillic acid products alone but I can tolerate this one.Note
 I agree with the Tommy 's review . Best product out there . My dermatologist actually recommended this item to me when I was a teenager . I 'm now 25 and still use this product . It 's the only thing that works . Anytime I try to switch over to something cheaper , like nivea for men or something of the sort , I end up breaking out . This product will dry your skin up , but not harshly . It really works at getting the dead skin cells off , but not adding oil to your face like the other products out there . It 's more expensive than anything else , but with face wash , you get what you pay for . Used to be found at Rite Aid and Eckerd , but they 've discontinued and now I can only find it here online .
 I 've been using this for years . It 's hard to find in drugstores , though they 'll order it for you . I prefer to order it from Amazon for convenience . It 's more expensive , but you only need to use a little bit -LRB- one 4 0z tube lasted me months -RRB- . Besides , how expensive is a cheaper product you buy which does n't work ? This does , perfectly .
 I am 55 and I have used this product for 25 years . It was a few dollars back then . Anyway , I do n't even look my age . My skin is soft , youthful , and wrinkle free . Most people have to guess how old I am , and they are shocked when I tell them my actual age . I highly recommend this product . The results are PRICELESS !
 Pernox for acne oily skin is a quality productand increasingly more difficult to find . I recommendboth the product and the vendor very highly !
 This is a really good product , you can see it works since the first time you use it ande the tube will last for a long a time because you dont need a big amount when you wash your face . So just buy it !
 I just turned 60 and still get compliments on my skin . I do n't have wrinkles so people are always asking what products I use . They are very surprised to hear that the only product I have used on my face -LRB- for 30 years -RRB- is Pernox . No expensive moisturizers , no fancy serums , just Pernox . I think because of its abrasive nature , with consistent use , it thickens the skin . Pimples do n't have a chance and neither do wrinkles . I agree with the reviewer earlier who said they 'd rather eat glass than be without this product . Many family members and friends have now become believers . Nothing else can make your face feel this clean and healthy - with additional benefits over time!By the way , I definitely prefer the 4oz regular -LRB- not lemon -RRB- tube for the best results .
 I have used this excellent product for years and years . Has it been discontinued ? Certaily hope not .
 The Dermatologist gave me a sample of this over 30 years ago . I see all the commercials on T.V. for Acne products that ca n't even touch this.Absolutely the best kept secret in the fight against acne .
 This product was just what i ordered . Love it . Works great and will order it again when i run out .
 I always get compliments when I wear this fragrance . People -LRB- both men and women -RRB- will ask all the time
 Touch is my favorite perfume . Every Time I wear it I get compliments . I love the fresh scent that lasts all day .
 This is a very nice , fresh smelling cologne . I would recommend it to anyone wanting a good all-around , wear-with-anything fragrance .
 Great product for the price . If you enjoy a great smelling woman by your side , Touch is the perfume to take you there !
 Great services here i got it in 2 days in a great shape thanks allot will order more from here : - -RRB-
 I have been using this scent since I first purchased this product from Fred Hayman at Giorgio 's on Rodeo Drive . I get more compliments when I use this particular product because of its subtle fragrance . It is not overpowering . I treasure every bottle of Touch that I purchase .
 I absolutely love Touch perfume . I 've been wearing it for over 10 years . I only wear a few different fragrances , and this is one of them . I have never written any reviews for anything that I 've ever purchased , on Amazon , but this perfume is so impressive . I am complimented every time I wear it . Everyone asks what scent it is . It 's a fresh , light scent . Perfect for any occasion . You can occasionally find it in a perfume outlet store , but usually I have to buy it online . Perfume is one of the most marked up things you can buy -LRB- 400-1700 % -RRB- This one is so inexpensive and definitely worth a try .
 Love this perfume . Bought as a gift but I know it 's one of her favorites . Quick service . Nice item for gift
 A lovely fragrance , long lasting and very pleasant . I receive a lot of compliments whenever I wear this scent . A nice perfume for anytime of the day .
 Quick delivery and well packaged . Love this scent ! I have been wearing it for years and have regularly received compliments on the scent . Thank you !
 This is very hard to find and it is my daughter 's favorite . The price is good and shipping was fast .
 Touch is one of my favorite perfumes ! It is a Classic , it is sweet floral like fragrance , very feminine . This is for the `` sophisticated Woman '' this is a type of scent that last all day , one bottle will last you for years .
 Every time i wear Touch i always get compliments . I wear it to work and it lasts all day . I love it . It 's so wonderful and I feel great when wearing it.Andrea
 I was so happy to see that you offered my favorite scents . And at wonderful prices . Not only that , but my order was delivered in a timely manner.Thank you for a great experience and I look forward to many more.Joan
 was able to purchase this perfume for my mother at a very reasonable price and without any difficulties . easy to do .
 I wore this to a meeting with a supplier . At the end , the head of the company came up and told me that I should always wear this scent as it suited me . I had to agree.It 's lovely . . classic and beautiful . Wearing it makes me feel confident and beautiful
 I was so pleased with the product and service ! Now , ScentMonkey has a loyal customer for life ! -- Regina
 This is my favorite perfume . It smells sweet and smooth . I wish I can find this perfume , but is a little bit difficult to find it !!
 The third time I took the top off the spray bottle , it literally came off with the stem and glass attached to it . I was able to pour the perfume into an atomizer and not lose the entire contents of the bottle as a result , but what a disappointment .
 I BOUGHT THIS SPRAY 2 TIMES ... AND I 'M SATISFIED WITH THIS PURFUME ... SMELL IS GREAT AND SOOTHING , , , PRICE IS ALSO GOOD ... EVERYBODY ASK WHICH PERFUMES R U WEARING ? I 'M SURE U GON NA LOVE IT .
 Fragrance is subjective , given . Your rose is my cabbage , so to speak.This is divine , not powdery in the least - a spicy hug!It 's a clean , rich , grown-up smell that is n't over-powering but is n't subtle.Subjective but for my nose , it 's amazing .
 I started using the products , basically the shampoo every day and in a week I started loosing less hair than before and in two weeks almost no hair loss . I know because I have a mesh that I clear in my shower to see the amount of hair loss with every wash . Then , without using the products every day or twice a day , how instructions read , I started growing a considerable amount of hair in my front and sides where I have been applying it . Really wonderful !!! I had allopecia areata in the front and is working there also !!!!
 This perfume was for my special lady ... she loved it so it was a great buy ...
 Have been using this to line the inner eye rim and absolutely love it ! It makes the lashes look longer and is soft , intense black and easy to use . Have heard it may soon be discontinued so will be snafflling up a lifetimes supply -LRB- it lasts about 6 months of daily use -RRB- .
 Framesi is one of the best hair-care products on the market , especially for color treated hair . I 'm not a hair-care professional -- I 'm just a picky , discerning consumer . I 've tried many -LRB- MANY ! -RRB- hair-care products and this conditioner is one of my favorites for daily use . My hair is very thin and straight and tends to go flat really fast - most products weigh down my hair , even the shampoos . I find this particular product works very well for me and does not strip out my hair color . It 's not a super deep conditioner -LRB- I use their masque or a macadamia oil based conditioner when I need deep conditioning and repair -RRB- . The scent is light and wo n't clash with other finishing products .
 My eyes get really tired midday into the evening from a lot of reading and staring at a computer screen . 1 min or 2 with a heated mask on my eyes does the trick . Brilliant suggestion from my eye doctor .
 Ordered 2 for my husband and I we use them every night . I warm mine up and it helps so much in alleviating my sinus pain . The only draw back is when heated , it smells like rice : / but since that 's the only thing I would still buy again for gift !
 This is an absolutely fantastic product ! Like many others mentioned , I do n't notice a smell at all , but I prefer it that way . The product itself is exactly what I need.I suffer from severe , chronic migraines , and this mask allows me to -LRB- 1 -RRB- block out all light , -LRB- 2 -RRB- apply cold , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- apply pressure . It is a very heavy mask , but that 's what I like so much about it . I ordered one , and I liked it so much that I ordered 2 more -- one for the office , for those times I need to rest for a bit to be functional again , and one for the car , for long car trips . I liked * those * so much that I ordered several to give as gifts!One reviewer mentioned blurry vision after use . I had that happen once , but after loosening the adjustable strap a bit , it has n't happened again . The strap is still tight enough to keep the mask on , even while I 'm sitting up , so it is n't a problem.Because it contains flax seed , it molds very well to your face , blocking out all light and applying pressure . I occasionally need to manually adjust the contents with my hands , which takes all of three seconds.As someone living in a small town , I frequently joke that `` Amazon is the best store in town '' . Out of the hundreds of things I 've ordered off of Amazon , this is my very favorite . Five stars is n't enough !
 I 've used this product in a number of different ways ... Hot for my sinuses , hot or cold for sore muscles -LRB- basically a heating pad or ice pack -RRB- . I 'm even planning to use it cold during labor when I give birth . Great multi-purpose product that 's very easy to use.If you 're using it warm , it heats quickly -LRB- 30 sec - 1 min in the microwave -RRB- and remains warm for about 10 minutes.My only complaint is that it has to be frozen for a long time -LRB- several hours -RRB- to use it cold .
 I bought this when I was pregnant because I could n't take allergy meds and being in Southern Indiana , I was MISERABLE . I paid $ 15 , far less than many of the prescriptions anyway . I would use it warm for sinus pain and cool for stress -LRB- ie , kids , mother in law , hubby , etc -RRB- . Many meds either do n't work for my allergies/sinus pain & congestion or leave me very loopy . I absolutely LOVE it and have since bought it and other Earth THerapeutics items as gifts for friends and family . Highly Recommend !!!
 I really like this product . I did n't get it on Amazon , I got it on sale at Kohl 's . It 's nice after you freeze it , but it does n't seem to stay cold very long compared to some other things I 've tried . I prefer using this product warm . It feels good using it warm when I get a migraine . The only problem I have with it is that after I microwaved it a couple of times , it lost the scent , but it does n't really matter to me .
 As a regular eye mask , some might not like the weight of this pillow -LRB- it 's filled with heavy bead-thingies -RRB- , but that 's the feature of it that I love the most . I love the weight on my eyes , even without warming or cooling the innards . Those are nice features , tho , and I sometimes put mine in the freezer before use . You can remove the inner pouch and put the outer covering through the wash , which I love . I do n't have sinus troubles , so I ca n't say how well this product helps relieve them , but it 's great for my headaches and general stress . The strap is helpful , but I do n't always use it . I got this mask/pillow as a gift last Christmas , and I still use it practically every night . Highly recommended !
 I got this , along with the booties and neck pillow for christmas , and I am still loving it in June . The eye mask helps with my allergies are going crazy , or when I want things more dark . I have not heated up the eye mask , and it did lose it scent quickly , however it does n't smell bad without the scent . If you want it to not lose its scent quickly , make sure to put it away in the mornings , it will last longer -LRB- which I meant to do but did n't -RRB- . Great item , glad I got it as a present , actually want to get a couple more , based on the eye mask -LRB- and my other 2 items on the same line -RRB- . : D
 I love these ! I throw them in the freezer , and lay down with them when I have a headache . They really help and the coolness feels great !
 I got the sinus pillow for my wife for Christmas and she loves it ! She uses it while doing stretches and sometimes before going to bed . Just be careful not to overheat it because it does get very warm !
 Some other reviews say that it weighs too much and hurts their eyes . I get severe migranes about once a month and I heat this up in the microwave for about 45 seconds . The difference is that I put it on my forehead . Please , keep in mind , this is not going to COMPLETELY ease your migrane . This is to help . On an onset of a migrane , I take some prescribed medicine and use this product . It really helps alot.Cons
 I LOVE this product ! I did n't actually buy it from Amazon but am thinking of buying one for my mom . I have a real hard time unwinding/relaxing when it comes time for bedtime . This has really helped me a lot . It relaxes me and relieves me of all the tension built up throughout the day . The mask sort of smells like rice . I have n't used this cold yet but I love it warm when I 'm going to bed . The mask is supposed to rest on your eyebrows and temples . It 's not for your eyes which is sort of a bummer . Hopefully they will make a revised product that is large enought to cover our eyes as well .
 Hard to find product ; imported from Italy I believe . Reminds me of Lori Davis hair products -LRB- when they used to make them -RRB- and never dulls or dries out hair .
 This is my favorite skin-care product . I 'm in my 40 's , and my skin is in better shape now than ever before . I used to have trouble with flakey skin , oily patches , and redness . This product has calmed all of that down and I look younger than my age -LRB- I get comments about it a lot -RRB- . If you have problem skin and have n't found anything that works , try this . To save some money , cut the cloths in half before using - they 're big , and this will make your money go twice as far . : -RRB-
 This is the easiest and cleanest way for me to cleanse my oily , sensitive skin . I like that these cloths are `` normal to dry '' , as they do not dry my oily skin out and instead normalize my skin texture and tone . The cloths also take off all my makeup , even eye makeup , without irritation . I 'm impressed with this product and will continue using it . This will also be a good product for camping and traveling !
 This was a terrific product that unfortunately has been discontinued by the manufacturer , so even if you can get it one time , it would n't be a product you could rely on
 I LOVE putting on the Cargo liquid powder before I apply my makeup . I 'm not a `` make-up '' kind of girl , and this is great for someone who does n't have a lot of time . I can quickly apply the powder to smooth and even out my skin and color . Then , a quick application of foundation , and I 'm good to go ! Highly recommend this product , and it 's totally worth the price .
 My husband and I have very dry skin and this shower gel does the trick . And it 's not soapy . Just leaves the skin smooth and silky .
 Very refreshing !!! You do n't need much to give you lots of lather !!
 Shikai Yuzu Shower Gel is perfect for dry , sensitive skin . It lathers up well , has a pleasing , mild citrus scent , and leaves skin smooth and silky . It leaves no annoying perfume-y scent on the skin . This gel is especially helpful during dry , winter months , but I use it all year long . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great product at an even better price . Quality for such a low price is hard to come by , especially for something that works.This body wash smells great too ! Does not leave my skin dried out like a lot of other products do . Even with our hard water my skin is n't dried out with this . Definetly recommend !
 This is my favorite cologne for a man . Its smells fresh and sexy . Theres nothing like in on the market . I promise you , you will get compliments on this ! I first purchased it for my boyfriend 3 years ago and it smelled so good on him ! So when xmas came around and i found my 20 year old brother wearing that stinky axe body spray , i knew exactly what to get him for xmas . He loves it too ! He said the ladies love it ... lol , I knew they would ! He also said his friends comment on it too ! I 'm telling you you will not be dissapointed !! Give it a shot , it smells great !
 always get complements when I wear this . Strong but not overbearing . Lasts about 6 hours give or take .
 Probobly the best cologne ever , and I got it expensive as hell for 90 bucks . Get it here .
 I 've been using Shikai shower gel for a number of years , and I never plan on using another shower gel again . The lavender mint fragrance is wonderfully soothing , and since Shikai shower gels contain oatmeal -LRB- a natural moisturizer -RRB- , my skin is always soft and smooth ! Also , I appreciate the fact that Shikai products contain no animal ingredients , and their products are not tested on animals .
 I have very sensitive skin . This is the first shower product I 've found that does n't make my skin dry and itchy . The scent is light and refreshing as well .
 I have very frizzy hair so it is important to have a product that seals out humidity . I find this is a very good product especially when I wear my hair straight . The best way I have found to use it , is to spray it on a section of hair just before straightening . It gives my hair a shine and it seems to lock out humidity . What more could you ask for ?
 This is by far my FAVORITE anti-humity product I 've ever tried . I love it ! It smells GREAT , I love that it is in aerosol form it makes it very light weight and effective . I would RECOMMEND this product to anyone who struggles with fly-aways or frizzy hair .
 This mask was a refreshing treat and contains Organic Floral Water of Lemongrass , Dandelion , Lemon Balm , Rosemary , Steam Distilled Water , Infusion of Certified Organic Herbs of Chamomile , Fennel , Milk Thistle , Certified Organic Aloe Vera , Kaolin Clay , Bentonite Clay , Witch Hazel , Vegetable Glycerin , Tea Tree Oil , Lemongrass Oil , Clove Oil , Peppermint Oil and Grapefruit Oil.The formula will minimize your pores , control breakouts and increase circulation . Clove , tea Tree and Lemongrass Oils are antiseptic and anti-inflammatory . After using this product your skin will feel super clean and healthy.Since using this mask on a regular basis I 've notice a reduction in the size of my pores . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I have eternally dry skin , am allergic to everything , and live in the Sonoran Desert in southern Arizona , so I am constantly trying new lotions in hope of finding one that actually penetrates the outermost skin layer and keeps my skin moisturized for longer than a couple of minutes . This lotion is thick and creamy without being greasy , absorbs quickly , does n't make my skin itch , and smells incredible . The scent dissipates quickly , though , so I can wear it with perfume and not be headache-inducing if I 'm in a car with someone . This lotion is not animal-tested . I also highly recommend ShiKai 's borage oil products ; they 're great for the thin facial skin .
 You know what ? I freaking love this product . It 's sitting by my shower right now . It smells and feels amazing . I used to buy this in the 1990s when I was poor and got a little extra money . Now I have plenty of money and ca n't help but notice how affordable it is and how it 's still a very good quality product . I use the cucumber melon and everyone loves the scent . It smells wonderful but is subtle enough to put on after a morning shower and go to work without anyone thinking I 'm wearing anything highly perfumed . Just buy this , you will love it as much as I do .
 I absolutely love Shikai Coconut body lotion . I literally ca n't go a day without it . It is rich and creamy , absorbs very well into the skin , and with everyday use you will never see dry skin , ever . It 's even great after sun damage . It is not greasy in the least bit and has a beautiful light scent that is not too overpowering yet still smells tropical and warm . I do n't understand the reviews where people say it does n't smell like coconut . It 's not coconut oil so no one should expect it to smell just like fresh coconuts . It 's the closest thing to a lovely coconut scent I can find anywhere . I 've been using it for years and the best part is , I used it throughout my entire first pregnancy and NO stretch marks . Not one . I 'm halfway through my second and still do n't have any . It 's clearly very nourishing for the skin !
 I like this , because it makes my hair shiny and soft . It smells good too . I think it helps resist color fade .
 If you 're looking for amazing shampoo that plays up your natural color and balances your pH so that you need less conditioner or add-on products , you should try ShiKai 's Henna Gold formula . Before finding this shampoo formula , I frequently changed shampoos , looking for something to make my hair soft and shiny . No more searching ! I 've been using it for years and I 'll use this shampoo until they stop making it . I sure hope that 's no time soon ... See more recommendations for redheads at http://www.marciaconner.com/bout/redhair.html
 Love the product . Best blonde shampoo I have ever used . Makes hair look and feel silky . Highlights better than any other shampoo . I will definitely recommend this product .
 I love this Shakai Shampoo ! It leaves my hair feeling soft and clean . There 's no residue with this shampoo like with others and the conditioner also rinses clean with no residue . And , YES , I do notice my hair is lighter and blonder !! I recommend this product !!
 The shampoo/conditioner combo definitly pumped up the existing highlights i already naturally have . I 'm a brunette and it brought out blonde sections . Try the conditioner with it ... it has a warm , earthy , ... maybe sandalwood-y scent.The only downer was that it seems to dry my air out after a few uses . If alternate using this shampoo with a moisturizing one , i 'm in good shape .
 This is a great product . My hair looks shiny and really manageable , soft and pretty . I will definitely buy it again .
 I use this and the conditioner . They seem to help with color fade , very gentle and smell nice . Makes my hair soft and shiny .
 Do n't waste your money on professional highlights which I have done . Highights look very natural . Have received many compliments on my hair . Love the ShiKai hair products . Highly recommend if you want a subtle highlight in your hair .
 I bought this shampoo because it had henna in it . I didnt expect it to do exactly what it said it would do . I saw my hair go from dk brown to multi-tonal color . Now my hair is dark when you slick it back , med brown when you part it and the highlights in my hair are actually visable . I didnt experience any drying but , I used Brilliant Brutnette for my conditioner and that may have added a little boost to the color too . -LRB-^_^-RRB- -- b
 I love this eyeliner ! It glides on so easily . I 've used this product for years and it is amazing ! I will continue to use this for many more years .
 I 've been using this stuff for years . I started having trouble finding it so I turned to Amazon . I have blue eyes and the bronze color really lights them up . It also stays put and does not smear .
 i think this eye liner works really well !!! it looks great with blonde hair because it is not to dark !!!! im definetly going to buy this again .
 I must tell you again that I really love Desert Dust . I do not wear any foundation , base , or any other makeup it is the only thing I will put on my face.Sincerely , J.W.Ross , California
 I have never found a better concealer for the age and sun spots I have developed on my cheeks . Fantastic !!!!
 Amazing concealer . Much better than the really expensive brands I have used in the past . I bought this one for only a 1 in Poundland last year and it has lasted me until now . Running out now and I cant find it anywhere . Such shame because it is the best to conceal age spots ! Five stars .
 Bought this concealer based on reviews and price . It is great ! I use it as an undereye concealer . It goes on smoothly and lasts all day . Very very pleased with this product .
 this is the best stuff for sun damaged skin it covers well all the sun spots
 I 've tried just about evey mascara anybody could think of , and keep coming back to this beautiful baby . The slight shimmer really brings out the color of my otherwise un-remarkable mud-brown eyes , and the wand really gives lashes a feathery effect .
 the best eye shadow I 've tried , easy to apply and looks great !
 I am so impressed with this cuticle nipper - I do not have to twist my wrist from side to side anymore - it is the most ergonomically friendly tool that I have ever used . It is also quite sharp and made of professional quality stainless steel . Overall , the best cuticle nipper I have ever tried . This one is a winner . Way to go Body Toolz .
 I used this kit on the underside of my 26 inch long hair , before coloring it with a Punky Color product . My hair is naturally dark brown , but had previously been bleached and dyed purple with a Splat product , and then dyed back to my natural color . While this kit did n't completely remove the purple stain under the brown dye , it faded it to a very light pink , to the point that once the teal dye was applied , you could n't tell it was once purple . I applied it myself , it was simple to do , and it achieved the results I was looking for . I let it process for 2 hours , wrapped it plastic and a heating pad .
 I followed the time line on the instructions but when I checked it at the suggested time I still had orange tips -LRB- my hair was medium brown -RRB- so I let it set for 2 more hours and the tips had only faded a little so I just went ahead and colored it . I used the Manic Panic Vampire Red and the tone was nice and even despite the orange tips . Great product you just have to be patient : -RRB-
 This was my first time bleaching my hair , and I have to admit I was pretty freaked out . Thought it would fizz away , lol . But it went fine . Applying was n't too difficult , athough it is a pretty runny solution , so be careful . It has super strong fumes , so use it somewhere with great ventilation . Once I applied and wrapped it up , I checked it every so often for the color I wanted , then rinsed when ready . I imagine all bleach damages hair somewhat , and this one is no exception . But it was n't bad . I only applied it to the ends , which were already long and somewhat damaged anyway , not to mention dyed several times before . Here , two months later , with regular conditioning , the split ends are hardly noticable . It worked well for what I wanted .
 didnt fry my hair . aDecent amount of bleach and devoloper , made my hair almost white , doesnt smell bad , doesnt turn hair yellow -LRB- my hair was green before i put it in so i dont know if your hair will turn yellow if you have darker hair -RRB- hair dye stuck well -LRB- i used punky color -RRB-
 I wanted to ddedduse Manic Panic 's Wildfire but needed to bleach first . I probably should have used 2 kits to get my hair to `` lemon yellow '' but I only had 1 . Someone wrote to add sugar , so I did & it did n't burn . My hair was yellow to light orange but the haircolor covered it . All in all a good experience !
 I love using this item . Does n't hurt or burn my scalp and my hair turns out great . Except when I got this package it was torn open and dented .
 This prouduct did not lighten my hair as well as I was hoping , but it was more effective than the stuff you buy at the store . -LRB-
 So I went over to a friends house to do the bleaching -LRB- My first time and I did n't want to do it myself just in case I messed up -RRB- I have this light brownish color and I left the product in my hair for about 30-45 min and My hair came out the perfect color . It has high lights and has different shades of blonde . IT WAS N'T BRASSY , so I did n't need a toner . I put Punky colour in my bangs and it turned out really bright and pretty :-RRB- over all I love this bleach and I am going to use this again . I recommend it .
 Me and my brother both use this before we dye our hair with the manic panic dyes . My hair is naturally light brown and his medium brown and both of us have yellowish blonde after 30 min , pale yellow after 60 min , and platinum hair after 90 min . I defiantly recommend this product !
 I recently started bleaching my hair , and compared to the different brands I tried , Manic Panic 's version does n't burn or sting . I left it on for the maximum amount of time and my hair lightened significantly -LRB- I have natural black hair -RRB- leaving to a sort of dark hay-like color . I will need to bleach again though to lighten it even more . Honestly if you have black hair , I do n't think you can strip off all the color -LRB- to a platinum blonde yellow w/o toner -RRB- in one go . This product is effective and does n't hurt so I do recommend it . Plus it comes with a brush which is handy .
 This does n't just lighten your hair ... it turns you into a platinum blonde , ready to use whatever color you 'd like on your hair without worry . I made the mistake of using a national brand lightning kit I purchased at a drug store , and my hair was completely orange . Upset , I found this on Amazon and decided to try it out . This took all of the orange out and got my naturally very dark hair as blonde as can be for my auburn dye .
 I bought this to bleach out my hair and eventually get white hair . It worked within 30 min and I have dark brown hair . I also only bought one box because I have pretty short hair ... but apparently not short enough , ran out of bleach with only half of my head done . So I ended up buying another bleach which did n't get to work as well before I had to wash out this bleach . So now I know ALWAYS GET 2 BOXES JUST IN CASE . Also it did n't burn my scalp so thats 's good . It also dries out your hair so remember to condition like crazy .
 My hair is black and using this once got my hair between blonde and an orange copper color.I used to use the bleach that came in Splat but that damaged my hair way too much while this product left my hair soft and hardly damaged . Manic Panic products never cease to amaze me , always amazing colors and quality . I will continue to use this bleach on my hair . Definitely worth every penny !
 If you can follow directions , you wo n't have any issues with this kit . You might need a friend to help you , so be prepared ! Also , be careful not to over-bleach .
 As a multi-ethnic male w/basically black hair , I do enjoy coloring my hair from time 2 time . Lately tho , I have been longing 2 bleach my hair Bone White & none of the store products like L'Oreal or what have U never really gets it 2 where I want or need . In fact , in store products , when bleaching dark hair like mine leave it orange & just plain unattractive 4 me . I researched bleaching/toning products & Manic Panic came up & is very much a product familiar 2 me . After purchasing Manic Panics bleaching kit -LRB- & virgin snow white toner -RRB- , I have been nothing short of pleased . This stuff is AMAZING & am in the process of making yet my 3rd purchase of this product & will continue 2 buy this product cuz not only is it worth the price but it does X-ACTLY what I need & want it 2 do . I was STUNNED as 2 how much was actually lifted from my hair & how light it was . I love this product & is my go-2 product whenever I want bleaching done .
 This is the best bleach kit we have found.Both of my daughters have an affinity for Manic Panic hair dyes . One daughter has fine textured , shoulder length , dark blonde hair and the other has very thick , short , dark brown hair . This bleach works well on both of them without totally frying the hair . We have tried other bleach and developers and have returned to this bleach kit every time . The bleach creates a very platinum blonde base that is porous enough to take up a really nice saturation of Manic Panic dye.We have had dye absorption problems when we used other brands of bleach . The hair was not left porous enough and the dye washed out too quickly . We have had much better luck with the Manic Panic Flash Lightening 40 Volume Maximum Lift Kit.I would recommend two kits if you have long hair or anything more than medium length thick hair .
 The bleaching effect is awesome , but the amount is not very much . If you have thick hair , or hair longer than shoulder length but two boxes
 This product is great . It bleached my hair in no time and worked the way a product should . Shipping was fast and quick and even came with extras . Thanks so much .
 It bleached my hair very quickly . I ended up keeping the bleach in for overnight becauase the first time i did it for two hours and i have dirty blonde hair and it barely bleached it . It was also expensive and I was n't happy that I even had to buy it in the first place because the hair dye should 've worked without having me to bleach it in the first place .
 The best product ever , it dye all types of hair , from black to dark blond to a sweet yellow sunny hair color what is the great base for the final color.I used this product on a light brown hair , after 25 min the hair was almost white , on a tick black hair it take around 60 to 90 min , the maximum time you can lightening your hair is 2 hours but under control and on a healthy hair , and trust me the hair was so soft and shiny after not compared to other products , however it burns the client skin a little especially on the temples where the skin is mostly warm , I suggest adding some lite real sugar to the mix -LRB- no sweet-low or splender -RRB- do not heat up the mix , it will `` burn '' the scalp even more and damage your hair , this product is powerful at 40 % volume so be very careful .
 I have naturally dark brown/black hair . I have been bleaching and dying my hair red for over twelve years now . I have tried every bleaching product there is . Loreal , Clairol , you name it , I 've used it multiple times . With all of the products I tried I had the same results . I had to leave the bleach on for up to 8 hours for it to get light enough . The bleach itself burned and itched from the moment I began to apply it . My hair never got blond no matter how long I left each and every product on . When I rinsed the bleach out my hair felt like straw . And the color was completely uneven . It was patchy . Light in some places and darker in others.I decided to give this bleach a try and was unbelievably surprised . After not even 30 minutes my hair was light enough to where I could rinse out the bleach . My scalp never itched or burned . For the first time ever my hair did not feel like straw when I rinsed out the bleach . In fact it felt silky and in better condition than before I bleached it . And again for the first time ever my hair turned out being all the same color . There are no dark patches . It 's an all over even color which is going to make dying it so much easier.I can not recommend this product enough . This is by far the best bleach I have ever used .
 I 've ordered this kit before and its the only thing that will lighten my hair enough to be dyed . I love this kit.I recommend having a good conditioner on standby , otherwise your hair will be super fried . : -RRB-
 I love this product but here 's the deal ... if you have semi-long hair , one kit is probably not enough to get your whole head as one even tint . Granted I did not use anything to separate my hair piece by piece so that I got it section by section , I managed to get to the almost platinum blond color required to use the Virgin Snow toner I got -LRB- I 'm going for pure white hair or a very light gray -RRB- . But using TWO kits , I only got half of my hair the correct color for dye
 I bought this to try bleaching my hair for the first time . I have extremely dark brown hair , mistakable for black . It took about an hour leaving this in to get my hair down to an interesting copper-orangish-yellow-blond . Reapplying for another 15 minutes took - some - of my hair down to a sweet yellow , which is what I wanted so that I could get a greenish color from my turqouise hair color.It did n't burn when it got on my scalp , but in the sideburns area it started to burn after maybe 45 min but it didnt get any worse.One reason I did n't give this five stars is because when I opened up the little tub with the powder in it and picked up , the bag was not sealed tightly enough so it sent all of the finest of that powder in my face . Otherwise , the tub was convenient to store the powder in since I only used a little bit at the time.Also , I added some sugar under the advice of a hair stylist friend to help my results . Not sure what it was supposed to do but maybe it affected my results .
 Manic Panic Flash Lightening is our favorite precolor kit ... we both have sensitive skin and have Never had problems with it we have used both 30 volume and 40 Volume if used right Manic panic is the easiest and safest hair product out there ...
 This bleach is surprisingly gentle on hair , do n't leave it on too long because as with all bleaches it will fry your hair but that being said it works wonders . It did n't cause any irritation on my scalp but on my sons much more sensitive heads it did cause some minor irritation so if you have very sensitive skin be careful to keep this away from it as much as possible . Petroleum jelly is a huge help with that .
 I 'm one for manic panic lover , this is a good bleach kit , which is easy to use and give you a very good result . For me , it did n't damage my hair . Defiantly recommended .
 First off shipping was so fast . It came two days early.I asked my mom to help me out with applying it . I mixed together the powder and cream and then applied and instantly it started working and I have very dark hair , Close to black . I got to a medium blonde within ten minutes . . The only thing bad for me was I had a slight reaction to the bleach , My ears and temples were very red but After a few hours this did n't bother me.Really great bleach , I never even have to leave it in for the full 60 minutes .
 I have very dark brown hair & this product took it to platinum in record time . Be prepared to spend on conditioner though , the process is very drying .
 love this , but recently have found out tigi changed design on this , made smaller , charging more . very disappointed , am looking for a replacement but nothing can compare
 Lovely product . Purchased something else from the line on QVC but wanted this . Happy to find it . Smooth purchase .
 Studies have shown that benzoyl peroxide at the lowest concentration -LRB- 2.5 % -RRB- is just as effective as 5 and 10 % , and the lower concentration of 2.5 % is less drying . However , while there are a few good facial cleansers at low percentages -LRB- Neutrogena Clear Pore for example -RRB- of benzoyl peroxide , there are no bar soaps at the low concentration for your chest and back acne . Panoxyl 5 % is a great solution , but you have to use it sparingly in the winter and dry seasons . In the summer , I use it daily , but am careful to only use it on my back and chest and nowhere else . I 've only given it 4 stars because it 's pretty drying -LRB- the tradeoff -RRB- . I could n't live without this stuff in the summer ; use it faithfully and you 'll thrilled with the results .
 Great product did n't do much for my face but love using for my body !! works well to get rid of body acne
 The dermatologist recommended Panoxyl 5 % when my teenage son went to see her a year ago , and it works great for him . She also wrote a prescription face medicine too , but my son does n't need to use it because using the Panoxyl every day works wonders . Panoxyl is drying , so that 's why ordering the 5 % is much better than the Panoxyl 10 % that 's sold in the stores . Even when you use Panoxyl you can still use a light moisturizer if the dryness bothers you .
 I usually do n't review products and I usually do n't believe raving reviews , thinking that they are planted by the manufacturer . I can assure you I 'm a lowly adult acne sufferer in the Southeastern US . After months and months of going to a dermatologist , paying a $ 40 specialist co-pay each time , and bringing home numerous samples and prescriptions of retinoid after retinoid , I was at my wit 's end . I was still breaking out and my skin was raw from the uber drying and stinging creams and gels . The last straw was when my dermatologist suggested I try a testosterone pill . I was told that I absolutely could not get pregnant while on this medication due to the risks . I imagined smooth skin , but all sorts of adverse side effects including a full moustache and beard . And that 's when I frantically started searching the net and came across a recommendation to try to the PanOxyl 5 % bar . I went to my local Walgreen 's , paid the $ 7 and the rest is history . Within 2 weeks my skin was completely clear . I do n't use it every day now that my skin is clear because it is a little drying . Because my skin is oily it is n't overly drying , but I use it every few days for maintenance . This product is a god send , for me at least . I would HIGHLY recommend it and if it does n't work - at least you 're not out a co-pay and the cost of a prescription .
 This product is fabulous but it is not designed for everyone . It 's an over-the-counter item but be careful in using it as it can be very drying if your skin is not oily . Do your research or talk to a dermatologist before using this product .
 My daughter suffers from some type of dermatitis -LRB- sorry , ca n't find the correct name now -RRB- . It is worst on her upper arms , but she also has it on her back , a little on the chest , a little on the stomach area , and her thighs . The skin looks all pimply with either black dots or red `` pimples '' , for lack of a better word . The doctor prescribed bathing the affected areas with this soap using a loofah followed by a 12 % Ammonium Lactate Cream and it works great !! Within a couple of days you can see the skin beginning to clear up . Using this every day , her skin is back to `` normal '' in less than two weeks .
 I love this stuff but I was surprised at the size of the container . I guess I should have read the fine print .
 This is truly my favorite Body Butter Scent from The Body Shop . Unfortunately I did n't realize this until right before they started carrying this . I only bought a jar of this because it was on sale for about 6 or 7 dollars on thier website and I thought I would try it out . Now I wish I would have bought their remaining stock because it is hard to find now.I usually like fruity or even flowery scents , but this scent is unique and not overbearing . At the same time it smells sorta sweet and the scent lasts nicely . I am almost through a large jar of this in under 3 weeks.I hope that The Body Shop will carry this again ... and soon !
 This smells fresh and wonderful !!! I have gotten many compliments when wearing it . People want to know what it is and where they can get .
 This cream is the only thing that would actually moisturize my skin , rather than just coating it . I REALLY wish more stores would carry it and I also wish it were easier to find .
 Always has moisturized dry skin very well . I 've been buying it for my 103 years old Mom for the past 10 + Years . and she Loves it .
 i was looking for some keri lotion like the brand they use in hospitals and this is the closest thing to it . i think it may be a little thicker and does n't absorb quite as well but still has most of the same qualities . it does n't stink or leave a weird film on your skin . i have extremely dry skin and a little of this goes a long way . i feel like i found what i was looking for with this lotion .
 Keri lotion is a great product . It is fast absorbtion , non-greasy and keeps my skin moisturized for the whole day.The product was delivered on time .
 I love Oil free lotion !! this product is GOOD and the service was fantastic !!
 This was probably the first acne soap I had consistently used for a few weeks and I was definitely seeing improvement in my skin ! If you can stick to washing your face once a day with this you should see improvement too ! It did dry my skin out a little so I would put on some Vitamin E cream after I washed my face .
 I would recommend this product . Was having adult acne problems for a couple of months and a friend suggested I try this product and within 5 days my acne is clearing . I have oily skin so the over drying has n't occurred plus I started of using it once a day then gradually increased my usage -LRB- after day 3 and only twice a day -RRB- .
 Got 2 bars today 10/15/11 at Walgreens @ 5.99 each Check their website for in stock stores.Best product out there . No breakouts in two years .
 If you have sensitive skin , this is n't for you ! It dries out skin & takes a while to clear up problem areas . You 'll see results if you use it fairly frequently !
 great product , really clears up yours skin , would recommend if you have acne on your chest , back or shoulders , I know because I had bad case of acne in those areas , also works great on your face .
 PLEASE READ
 Just trying to save people money you can go buy this same bar of soap from a pharmacy for about $ 10.00
 This is by far the best product I have found to control my acne . It can be drying and I have to use an oil free lotion , but my skin looks so much better when I use this . It is as pure as acne medications can be without fragrance or other additives so does n't solve one problem and create another one for my allergy-sensistive skin .
 This bar works really well . My pimples are going away/getting much much smaller . The one problem is is that it dries out your skin horribly . It 's worth it though because of the results ! I use the bar at night , then in the morning put lotion on my face.I 'm seeing amazing differences !
 Very good product , lasts longer than gel or other products for acnea . Heard it 's discontinued for some time , hope it will return soon
 I purchased this item for butt acne , which is something that has happened as I have gotten older . They sent me the liquid version instead of the bar . I called them and they did respond promptly and agreed to send me the correct order . I did not have time to go through the return process , so I decided to try it . It is the same thing-just in the bottle version . I did see a decrease in my acne , but it did not all go away . However , it is the best thing that I have found thus far . I also exfoliate the area once or twice a week , which I would recommend .
 worked well for me within a few weeks . decent product , will use it again . Compared well to a more expensive product I tried .
 I 've been using this for years and absolutely love it . I usually purchase it at the drugstore I work at but now it 's not available . I was astounded to see the Amazon price of $ 60 when I paid $ 3-4 for the last 10 years !!!!
 I have read that Benzoyl Peroxide products usually cause dryness and minor irritations to the skin , but I have never experienced anything like this . But , I have to mention that I have oily skin . The skin feels great after the bath and it smells very fresh too -LRB- little hint of peroxide -RRB- . I have never had severe acne problems , i have few blemishes on my back I would like to get rid off and sometimes I have breakouts on the face . My back has already cleared very well . Overall I am very satisfied . I will order again .
 I think this product is amazing . I bought it when I started running because I was getting some pimples on my back from sweating . I started using it on my face as well . I had no idea how much clearer my face could be ! My skin feels soft and smooth and I just love it ! I have never been this impressed with any product EVER ! It is a bit drying , but just get some good lotion and you will be fine . Definitely do need to use on a regular basis though , at least every-other day . I definitely recommend !
 This product changed my life . I used to be ugly and pimply now I am fresh and fly . Thank you PanOxyl Bar 10 % 4 oz !!!!!!!!!
 Prompt delivery coupled with a high quality product hit the spot . A bit pricey but worth it . I 'll be back for more !
 My daughter swears by this product . She uses this for her back . It 's a little pricey , but it lasts a long time .
 I have used this product for over 10 years and it is the only thing that works for me . So after seeing it no longer on the shelves at Walgreens , CVS , Osco , etc. , I panicked and came online . After finding all online retailers having the same issue , I saw this on Amazon . Refusing to pay such a ridiculous price even though I am desperate , I called the manufacturer , Steifel Laboratories . Per the customer service rep , they experienced raw material shortages from their supplier , however , the problem has since been resolved with new shipments expect to go out to stores on 10/8 . Hopefully this is true and the product will be back on my drug store shelves soon !
 I 've had severe back acne for several years and even after fine tuning my muscles to perfection , I was still afraid to take off my shirt - at the pool , around girls , even for a massage from my girlfriend.I tried tons of stuff that never worked . I searched on the internet and found a reference to this product . I tried it out and after using it on my back once a day while in the shower , I saw results after only 3 days . After 2-3 weeks of use , my back was virtually spotless . I 'm so glad I found this soap!Warning - I would n't use it on your face more than 1-2 times a week . I tried using it on my face everyday and after a week my entire face crusted up and I had to rub lotion on my face like 10 times a day to even go out in public.Also , make sure you rinse your skin very well after use because it can bleach your bedsheets and clothing .
 This product works better than anything I 've used in my years of suffering with acne . I 've used everything you can imagine and have spent a lot of money doing it . Salycilic acid -LRB- especially -RRB- and other treatments never really worked that well for me . I 've discovered benzoyl peroxide works wonders and found a few really good products , but this one beats them all by far and is MUCH cheaper . I 've read that this dries many people out , but it does n't dry me out and my skin is not that oily . I guess if it dries you out , a good , lightweight oil-free moisturizer could handle it . It 's worth the benefit of having blemish-free skin ! By the way , I use it on my chest and back and have seen the same great results .
 WARNING
 I 've been using this soap for about 3 years . I have oily , acne-prone skin with bad breakouts during `` that '' time of the month.I do not use it every day . I noticed when I use it every day , it does n't work as well . My skin gets used to it . When I use it once every 4-5 days , it works a lot better and faster.I usually get these at WalMart , but you have to really look for them , they 're usually hidden on some bottom shelf.One bar lasts a long time , even if you do use it every day . I always buy 5 of these bars at one time that way , I do n't have to hunt for them . The price is great too .
 My husband has been using this product for years . We have gotten it at Walmart and Meijer and it is $ 6 a bar . They never have it anymore so I thought I would come on here to see if I could buy it . OMG $ 25 a bar ? I do n't think it works that good . He goes through a bar in 2 weeks . We could get the prescription stuff for less . Am I reading the quantity wrong ?
 I have used the 5 % bar and have been impressed . I have had a couple of cluster breakouts for several weeks and was not getting any results from anything I tried . This was recommended , so I purchased it the other day . I have only been using it at night and have been very impressed . The breakout areas were immediately clearer -LRB- almost gone -RRB- .
 I 'm a believer in over-the-counter medicines as your second line of defense , prescriptions as your third . First is always what you eat and how you live ... but no soapboxes here , just the soap itself.Benzoyl Peroxide is a near-miracle medicine , as it works for most acne sufferers without prescriptions . The only time you need prescription meds that use this is when the delivery method is -LRB- somewhat -RRB- more effective at delivering more medicine at once or making it work longer by adding something to keep it from drying out too quickly.However , most of us just need a good soap for the morning , after work , and bedtime . This is a little on the high side , but it does have the max percentage of medicine you can buy OTC , and it really does control bad breakouts . I would n't use it prophylactically , avoiding the risk of developing a tolerance for it , so the bar will last awhile if you use it during bad weeks.Fred
 After reading all the reports that this product was discontinued I decided to go to the source and find out for sure . They said they are shipping out the Panoxyl Bar later this month and it should be in stores by mid October ! I am so glad because I love this stuff !
 I LOVE this product , it is very drying but it is the only thing that clears my skin . BUT I looked at this price here on Amazon and could n't believe it !! I get it from Walmart -LRB- same size bar , package looks just a little different but it is the same exact product -RRB- for about $ 8 .
 I am in my 40s . I did n't develop acne until after 35 . At that point , I developed some acne on my face and awful acne on my back . My doctor told me it was hormonal and suggested I try this with a boar 's bristle back brush . At first , it actually got worse so I almost gave up . However , I think it was just working its way out of my system . Now I have been acne free for almost a year . I rub the bar into the brush , scrub my back for a few seconds , and that 's it . I have never had problems with it fading anything like Proactive does and I find it works so much better than Proactive .
 I 've used this bar in 07 after a pregnancy and it helped . But I eventually went through an accutane treatment in 2010 . My skin pretty much stayed cleared but recently , I had to switch birth control pills which made me have some minor breakouts . It was n't really bad , but enough to annoy me . Pimples started popping up , a new one every other day . My mom suggested seeing my dermatologist . But really , who feels like forking up 40 bucks on the copayment to get an anti-biotic and cream that takes so long to kick in . So , I went to Walmart and saw on that bottom shelf that they had one PanOxl Bar left for 8 bucks . I 've been able to find this at CVS and Walgreens as well . After using it twice a day for the last three days , the minor breakouts have disappeared and the blemishes are fading . My skin looks absolutely amazing , I just had to write a review . I highly recommend this product and definitely make sure that you wear a moisturizer/sunscreen . I recommend using this first before heading to your dermatologist which more than likely , he/she will put you on something that contains benzyl peroxide before boosting it up to something else .
 I have been using the panoxyl bar for five years now and nothing can even compare . I have tried many different acne cleansers for both my face and back and ethier it would make my face even oilier or would be red and itchy and still have acne . Well , I went to the dermatologist and they recommended this product so i tried it out . the first week or so i do admit your face does bring up a few pimples and impurities , but it gets soooo much better right after !! If your on the edge just at least try it . You wont regret it . I trust no other product than panoxyl . TRY IT !
 I have used this soap for my facial acnes , and it works well . It has made my skin bright and shinny , and prevented forming new acnes .
 So I am horrified to say I have skin that is not just sensitive , but likes to get big bumps -LRB- particularly on my underarms -RRB- has been going on for years . Nothing I have tried has worked like this , the closest thing I was doing was literally using my biore face wash -LRB- which I LOVE fyi for my face -RRB- on my underarms , but I was still getting these bumps . I found this at walmart for like six bucks -LRB- they are hidden on the bottom shelf -RRB- . I have been using for 8 days -LRB- once a day -RRB- on my under arms -LRB- not using it on my face , dont really need it -RRB- and other sensitive places prone to acne . I am so proud to say two days in I was getting relief ! Plus it has n't bothered my sensitive skin ! I have used everything on these bumps over the years from drawing salve -LRB- black tar like dream that literally draws out the infection -RRB- to having to take antibiotics when they got bad . I do as the box says and try to leave it sitting on the skin for a few minutes . So far I am over whelmed with relief and joy , I wont be embarrassed to wear sleeveless shirts this summer !! As a side note I also use seabreeze -LRB- well the knock off brand -RRB- on my skin as well to help stop any bumps from forming . If all I have to do is use this soap and sea breeze I will be happy . In a week I have used a fair amount of the bar , but I figure maybe a bar every month to month and half .
 I bought this for my sister who suffers from acne on her face and body at 26 and her skin looks great but you must have a great moisturiser as it dries you out a little .
 Just what I needed . I have had Acne for over a decade and tried every product . This is the best working product , I use it to wash shoulders , neck , back , face twice a day and I am the clearest I have been .
 $ 44.00 for this are you kidding me ?! I can get it in Shopko or Walgreens for $ 7 . Granted their distribution center is out of stock right now but I 'd never pay $ 40 for this .
 This product works great ! Especially with the Acne.org BP -LRB- 2.5 % lotion -RRB- . I showered with it once or twice a day and it really works for me , if I get some dryness , I use the moisturizer from Acne , org with it . Unfortunately , this product is no longer being made , at least until Sep 2011 according to the Steifel.com website . They recommend the Panoxyl 10 foam which works great also , in fact it 's just like this product except a foam , only problem is it costs much more and runs out really fast ! I hope their factory starts up again soon .
 This is marvelous for oily skin with juicy acne pimples . Be sure to use this ONLY at night for the first few days until you figure out how much it dries out your skin . I found using a facial complexion brush encourages one to really massage and cleanse the skin and pores for the recommended 2 minutes . OK I admit I used to be a splish-splash kind of face washer until a friend reminded me how long doctors take washing their hands to get rid of germs/bacteria OR how long you 're supposed to brush your teeth . IF it does n't dry you out too much you can use it twice a day . IF too drying then use it every other day . My athletic teenager 's back-ne has responded better to this than liquid Benzoyl Peroxide washes , gels , ointments . Be sure to use sunscreen while using this product to protect your new , sensitive skin.My family has used PanOxyl Acne Cleansing Bar off and on for years on Pharmacist 's recommendation BEFORE Benzoyl Peroxide was deemed the acne cure-all in nearly ALL acne preparations . We have used both the 5 % and 10 % BOTH are now very difficult to find , I stocked up when 5-6 bucks a bar . I can remember paying less than 2 bucks a bar at local drug stores when it still was in the red , white and blue box . When I called Stieffel about the scarcity they mentioned difficulties with their factory in Mexico where it 's made .
 I am in early 30s , and have always struggled with acne breakouts since my teens . Recently I had been having major stress breakouts on my cheaks , forehead and chin and was recommended this soap along with Clindamycin topical medication . My acne is clearing up and now I only use the PanOxyl bar along with my alcohol-free toner and Neutragena moisturizer to help with dryness . If I get too dry sometimes due to weather changes or washing my face too much , I switch to my Cetaphil gentle cleanser . Some people give up using this soap due to dryness , but you should just pay attention to your skin 's needs by cutting back to once a day or every other day and you should still use a moisturizer along with it and DRINK WATER !!! And dry your face with a white towel or you will have bleach spots all over your pretty new colorful towels , like me . The people that say it does not bleach their stuff must have only white linens or are excellent at making sure they leave no residue behind .
 I have been suffering from Acne for 10 years now , and have waisted my money on many useless over the counter products and expensive high profile/advertised products and none of them were effective . I discovered PanOxyl in a hospital Gift shop/store and decided to give it a try because I clearly had nothing to lose but , Pimples.I was skeptical because it was cheaper than anything I had ever purchased to treat my Acne -LRB- which never worked out for me -RRB- . Well , one wash and my face had that tight feeling , which I personally like , and was drying out my skin 's pimples , the next day my pimples were gone !!! I started using it everyday and my skin was getting better and better it was knocking out those pimples like Bruce Lee.I have n't used this in a while because , I only get a couple pimples every now and then when I am stressed out mainly . Only downside is , it kills the Acne on the surface , and you need to combine this with an oral medicine/antibiotic to completely rid youself of Acne . I still have acne scars -LRB- which I will need a chemical peel to get rid of -RRB- and acne , which I am going to see a dermatologist about again for a more effective oral treatment than the usual tectracycline they like to prescibed on a dime.But , combine this 10 % PanOxyl with an oral medicine for Ance and I know it will produce highly effective results , if the oral medicine is effective for you and myself.Anyway , I just wanted to testify that this product is the TRUTH !! This is my STAPLE product for fighting Acne . Best kept secret over-the-counter .
 Let me first start off by saying -LRB- like many others -RRB- that I have tried almost every single acne product out there , from Retin A to Proactive , to Salicylic acid , to Oxy pads to Clearasil and nothing has ever worked . My doctor told me the only thing that would ever `` cure '' acne is Acutane , which I did not want to use . I have used products containing benzoyl peroxide before , but have only used facial treatments containing up to 5 % . When I came across the 10 % bar and all the positive reviews that came with it I thought I 'd give it a shot . Yes , it is drying . Yes , you do need to use a moisturizer . Yes , it is working !!! I use this bar in the morning and at night and although my face is n't totally clear , within the first week of using I have noticed a big difference . I hope it continues to make my face even more happier as time goes by ! --------------- UPDATE 1/7/13This is probably the most effective product I 've used in over 10 years . Helps clear blemishes and manage skin tone . I use it once a day and gone though almost 3 bars since my original review , so it does last awhile . Hope they continue to keep this product on the market .
 I love this product , everytime i have a breakout moment i use it and it clears my face within a week . I dont mind the driness in exchange for the results . Im just surprised at the outrageous price . The normal price is less than ten dollars .
 Since the manufacturer decided to stop production , the cost of the product has gone off the planet and is highway robbery . Users of the product should write and call Stiefel and complain , maybe they will bring the product back.Amazon should patrol for such out of control pricing . A single bar was $ 7.00 - just seven dollars.Amazon should terminate the relationship with the vendors charging such outrageous and exorbitant prices.Great product , but not at the prices being asked via Amazon .
 I 've been dealing for years with back acne ... antibiotics , all the prescription creams and everything out there . Using this daily on just my back keeps it pretty clear . It is not spotless and I 'm still prone every now and then but this has been such a wonderful product to really , really keep it under control .
 This stuff is THE BEST ! It is 4x stronger than your standard benzoyl peroxide cream . Apply only to the blemishes since it is so strong . Amazing results , most blemishes vanish in 1-3 days .
 For the past few months I 've been having some really bad breakouts . From tiny red bumps to ones with white heads and itchy ones and painful to touch ones . I 've been so self conscious and it does take a toll on your emotions especially feeling like you 've tried everything and nothing really works . I 've tried going to my doctor and she just gave me ointments and antibiotics -LRB- that I did n't take -RRB- one of the ointment was a benzoyl peroxide and after using it I noticed it did clear out a bit but it felt like my face looks bloated in the morning after putting it on at night . I got scared so I stopped using it . I figured I could be allergic to benzoyl . Then I broke out again so I went out and tried clean and clear . The ones that comes in a set sort of like proactive . Did n't work . Then I tried proactive . Did n't work . Then I tried doing the apple cider vinegar and it still did n't work . After reading up some more of the ACV , someone mentioned Panoxyl and how they heard Dr Oz mention it too . So I thought ok let 's look for it . Found it at CVS for 8 $ and I 've been using it twice a day -LRB- am and pm -RRB- and I know this is probably just in my head but I swear to you , after using it just for one day , I woke up thinking damn my pimples are actually disappearing ! Like the big ones are actually smaller and does n't look like it 's about to explode . The tiny ones on my forehead are now just tiny dark marks and the white head ones are gone and are now just kinda dark reds . It did dry out my skin around the mouth area and I 'm still trying to find a good moisturizer to help with that . I 'm also scared of using moisturizers because I do have oily skin so I 'm afraid of it blocking out my pores and making more pimples . So if anyone can recommend a good one for oily skin that would help . It has n't been a week yet so right now my skin is just looking a bit better but the acne scars are still there and I still do feel like i still need some makeup to cover it . I just really hope this continues To work cuz it would really help to boost up my confidence once more .
 Great product that i have used for nearly 30 years to keep face free of oil . Works very well but is hard to find in stores .
 Excellent product ! And very fast time ! I will do business with them again and I will tell others about their product .
 I love this bar . I wish they would step up production as it is always out of stock . this is the only product that is gentle yet effective on body acne . Well worth the price .
 I 've always had acne and bad breakouts , proactive , dermatologist prescriptions , etc. would n't work . My friend told me about panoxyl . I bought one bar from the store and in 3 days my skin was clear and stayed clear the whole time . When I ran out I found out it was discontinued in the stores . Glad I found it on amazon , once again I 'm breakout free ...
 This bar soap worked great for me . I continue to use it twice a day and it works well to keep my acne under control . The service I received from Amazon was wonderful as well . I had the product in only a few days .
 this was hard to find for a while so the price was a bit high since this can be bought on the shelf -LRB- when available -RRB- for $ 6
 Nothing short of amazing , but I already knew that before purchasing from Amazon as I am a frequent user of the soap : -RRB-
 My daughter has found the cure for her acne . This soap is the only thing that has ever cleared her skin . Unfortunately , we have no longer been able to find it in the drug stores . It is also unfortunate that what normally costs us $ 6 to $ 8 has become $ 25 to $ 60 online . I do n't know how long we 'll be able to afford buying this product . : -LRB-
 You 'd think that at some point in my 33 years that acne would cease to be a real problem . Untreated , not a chance , but PanOxyl really really helps . I used to use the `` leading brands '' and prescription meds for control . PanOxyl works every bit as well as my prescription cleansers -LRB- at a sixth of the cost -RRB- and a hundred times better than the other stuff . I use it morning , afterwork , and before bed and it does n't seem to bleach out my towels , linens , or clothes nearly as bad as the `` storebrand '' .
 My dermatologist recommended this soap to me , for my acne . I have had acne vulgaris and cystic acne for more than 20 years . I have tried every acne product out there , including ProActiv , and nothing works as good as this soap -LRB- especially in conjunction with my acne prescriptions ! -RRB- I use the PanOxl soap every day , as my dermatologist recommended . My daughter also uses this soap -LRB- and nothing else -RRB- to treat her teenage acne . It clears her up within a day or two - every time!The bar comes in a plastic tray with a lid , so you can keep it dry in the shower . One bar lasts me several months , with daily use . Some people will experience dry skin , and even redness and itching with this product . This will go away after some use , or you can skip a day here and there .
 I have a medical condition that causes me to be more prone to acne than the average adult and this product really does work ! I bought mine at Walgreens , but I 'm a regular customer on Amazon and wanted to give this an updated review . I read the reviews on this product on Walgreens ' website , but even on that website it had almost full stars . I have fair skin and it 's rather sensitive so I started off only using this product once a day followed by a really good FACIAL moisturizer and within the first week , I noticed a HUGE improvement ! I only use this product maybe once every two weeks now and I 've noticed I rarely even get any zits at all . I was even able to change from a coverup foundation to just a tinted moisturizer with vitamins in it ! It can dry your face out , it started to dry mine out so I started to wash my face with it once every three days to where now , I do n't even really need it ! Best product for acne for the price - and I should know , I have everything from clean & clear to neutrogena in my bathroom but this product beats all of them by far and it was priced at around $ 8 .
 When I turned 25 I got `` Adult Cystic Acne '' on my back , arms , & chest area . I had been prescribed to multiple different products by my dermatologist some worked temporarily but were too expensive to maintain , and some failed instantly . I found this bar mentioned on an acne forum and decided to give it a try . 1 word - AMAZING!My body acne cleared up almost instantly ! I could n't believe it was so simple ! I would HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone suffering from body acne.A side note
 I was suffering from a bad case of cystic acne on my upper lip and chin area . I tried many acne medications and treatments that were unsuccessful in getting rid of my acne ; however , PanOxyl was amazing ! From my experience , Benzoyl Peroxide works much better than the drying Salicylic Acid . It seemed to do a better job of penetrating into the deeper layers of the skin . After one day I noticed the redness go down . After three days the pimples started to shrink . Now , after using the soap for a week , all I have left are dried bumps where the acne used to be . I now need to find something that can make the acne scars/discoloration go away . I hope my skin doesnt get used to the soap.Here is some advice though
 Im so impressed with this product . I was in the salon getting my hair braided and my beautician commented that we had the same type of skin . -LRB- Oily and very sensitive -RRB- she told me about this product and since I tried everything else including Proactive and Murad and they never worked I figured it wouldnt hurt to give it a try . I used a colored washcloth and it did bleach the washcloth but it healed my skin in 2 days . I still get a few pimples here and there but Im so impressed . I get a lot of compliments about my skin now and that has never ever happened before . Im on my way back to Iraq and the weather really took a toll on my skin but Im convinced that with this product I will be just fine
 The products that take 3 steps of washing and applying different liquids take an extremely long time and it 's easy to skip a day or two . When that happens , those little red monsters start invading your facial space again . What is so great about the bar is that it is really EASY to use it every day . For people with horrible acne -LRB- like me -RRB- it is really important to be consistent . Just washing the face with it a couple minutes in the shower does wonders . Highly recommend this to people who are tired of zits encroaching on their self esteem .
 I am so pleased with this product . I have always used the PanOxyl Bar 5 % and it just was n't doing the job . The 10 % strength made all of the difference . It has seemed to dry out my complexion without being too damaging . PanOxyl Bar does n't bleach your clothes or towels like other acne-type products do . It does such a thorough job . BIG recommendation from me !
 I have tried the 5 % and the 10 % version of this bar and I would say that it is pretty effective to a degree . The most I can use this bar is once a day every other day in the colder months and once a day every day in warmer months . I would describe my skin as sensitive but it is not extremely sensitive like some folks I know . I have to make sure that I rinse very well so it does n't bleach my sheets or clothes and follow up with a good moisturizer , depending on the weather .
 I love this product . Keeps my skin clear . I was amazed to see the prices here on Amazon today . I did some research and found some in stock at MedShop Express -LRB- Qty
 Love this product for my back but probably not for my nose . It smells terrible but i can endure it for a nice , soft back without acne .
 I have tried to find this product but was advised by CVS Pharmacy that all lines of all Panoxyl products have been discontinued ... Per the manufactuer .
 It may be the type of acne I have , but this product was unable to clear up my acne . I had it for a while now , but did not do the job as well as I hoped . Also the benzoyle peroxide bleached a lot of my towels . Bummer .
 Shipped and received as expected . Be aware that it takes a couple weeks of daily use to clear up a breakout .
 i tried to use it on a mosquito bite on my arm , and leave my leg for 2 days . When used on arm it does reduce the bump down , and makes it a bit darker , but slowly fade . One on my leg didnt fade because i didnt use this and it stayed pinkish . Body , very good feeling when used . Does n't feel like overused like creamy wash . I suggest putting water on the soap , then soap slowly on your body . It creates a foaming lather by itself . No need to rub your hands together .
 I got this after I started noticing breakouts on my shoulders and also some on my face . My roommate had luck with it , so I figured why not . This is by far the best thing I 've used to treat breakouts and my shoulders and face are all cleared up after only two days . My skin on my shoulders never dried out but using it on my face with other medications made it a little dry , so I put some aloe on to moisturize and also help clear up the acne .
 My son 's dermatologist recommended for my 13 year old . He said I should be able to find locally . Could not . Ordered and received within a couple of days . Significant improvement on my son 's back acne . He uses in shower and keeps on for a couple of minutes before rinsing . Would recommend but caution can cause a little dryness if left on skin too long .
 I got this recommendation from my dermatologist . I have acne on my back and shoulders , even worse when I was in college . He recommended that I use this . He also specifically told me NOT to use it on my face , as you could gather from many of these reviews . I was also on an oral antibiotic at the time , so I ca n't say that the flawlessness of my skin was due to this alone . I do n't take the antibiotic anymore and I am going to try using this again now that my problem is much more mild than it was back then . All the neutrogena and other brand 's acne body wash is crap . This was good . WARNING
 I bought this at wal-mart while i was out after reading many reviews on it and it really has made an improvement , i also think that for me its great because now that i have turned 20 my skin has become rather oily and this really helps balance my skin ! I love it so far !
 This product has NOT been discontinued and should be available in stores near the end of October . Product fell in short supply -LRB- temporarily -RRB- due to ingredient shortages .
 It is back . Check your closest Walgreens!This soap bar lasts a long time , and clears your skin.If you have acne you know how important that is . I have seen the ridiculous amount of money that people were asking for one , so do n't get desperate . .
 Just a quick insight on why the prices are higher on many discontinued health and beauty products ... . The simplest way I can explain it is the following
 I think it only dries out the facial skin . Also , you only use it once a day so it 's not so overdrying . . I mean this is powerful stuff . Proactiv has like 2.5 % benzoyl peroxide i believe ? This stuff more than quadruples that ... i can use this on my body as much as iwant though and it does n't overdry it , it just clears everything up , i love this stuff ! First got it by PRESCRIPTION from a dermatologist . So its good stuff .
 WOW ! This stuff works ! And FAST !!! I am a 27 year old female . When I was little , I suffered from bad acne and took Accutane . It cleared my skin , and have n't had problems again until about 2 months ago . I started breaking out with tons of tiny bumps on my forehead , sides of face , neck , behind my ears and my chest . My skin was really oily . I stopped using certain hair products and makeup to see if that was causing it , but the bumps stayed and got worse no matter what I tried . I decided to go to the dermatologist to see what he thought , and he barely listened to me and prescribed an antibiotic and expensive face cream . I really did n't want to take an antibiotic so I researched online and came across this bar of soap . I bought it for less than $ 10 at Walgreens 6 days ago . I have been washing my face , neck and chest once a day . After the first two nights , I noticed that the bumps on my chest where gone . By day 6 -LRB- today -RRB- , my face and neck are incredibly smoother with only a few bumps remaining -LRB- which you can barely see -RRB- . I ca n't believe how well and fast this soap worked ! It 's incredible ! I have n't experienced any over drying of my skin either . I know it has n't even been a week since I started this product so if anything changes I will come back and update my review , but so far this stuff is WONDERFUL !!! Give it a try !
 I was initially prescribed this by my dermatologist at the VA. . When I asked to have it refilled , I was told they no longer offered it and she thinks it had something to do with the manufacturer possibly no longer making it . I just happened to check online and there seems to be no shortage . I bought several -LRB- just in case -RRB- . This soap is great and I use it daily on my face . It does n't dry my skin out and it is very effective .
 PanOxl bar used to be available locally , but my drug store stopped carrying it . So I am very glad I found it on amazon . There are two varieties a 5 % and a 10 % . For me , I usually use the 10 % during the warmer months of the year , and the 5 % during dry/cold winter months because the PanOxl soap does have a drying effect.This product works better for me than any other acne/face soap that I have ever used . It lathers well , apply to face , and rinse clean . The medication in the soap is great at clearing up blemishes , and better yet , prevents break-outs . I tend to have oily skin on my face , but using PanOxl soap in the morning and at night prevents my face from becoming shiney.The soap comes in a little plastic soap dish with a clear lid , so it is clean and self-contained . I recommend this soap to anyone who has oily skin or acne breakouts . If you tend to have dry skin on your face , you may want to try the 5 % first . I have used it for years . Glad to see that it is carried on amazon .
 My dermatologist recommended the bar . I 've moved to the wash and mainly use it at night unless there 's a breakout . It is easy to use too much . I get dried out and dark around mouth chin . So I use a vitamin E capsule which immediately soothes . Hopefully I will figure out how to use this without over drying my face . I rarely break out now though unless overdried . This greatly reduced my breakouts . I 'm African American so it 's hard to find something sensitive enough yet effective .
 I 've had acne on my back and butt on and off pretty much from 13 to 21 at present -LRB- which is NOT fun when bathing suit season comes around -RRB- . I recently tried a salicylic acid body wash , but after 3 months and using the entire bottle I saw no results . After one week of using the PanOxyl bar I already see the acne fading quite a bit . My dermatologist gave me a prescription awhile ago for a benzoyl peroxide cream , but even with my insurance I could n't afford it , so this is quite the money saver . I 'm also very excited to see that a grocery store close to me has just started to stock this .
 I bought this brush to use primarily on my bangs . It works well but I have very fine , straight hair and find the bristles are a bit sharp . I have to be very careful when using the brush as too much pressure causes me pain . This is the first time I 've bought a brush by this company and would think twice before buying another given my hair type . If you have thick , curly or coarse hair , it may work better for you .
 For many years , i have been impressed by the quality of Spornette brushes , and this one is typical of their standards .
 Man , I have tried EVERY round brush style and brand to use on my fine hair with a blow dryer , and this one is the best -- I just ordered my 3rd one -LRB- to have extras at gym -RRB- . Really curls hair the best !
 I have dryer skin than most and sometimes have Eczema flare-ups . When i was diagnosed with eczema as a little girl , my mom went through so many lotions from Eucerin to Lubriderm . I stumbled upon this lotion about 2 years ago after i nearly forgot `` Keri '' even exsisted because it had been so long since i 've even thought about it . It is by far the best lotion on the market if you suffer from DRY skin.It 's Creamy , Thick , and leaves your skin feeling OsO Smooth with a moisture barrier that actually Lasts ! I would never switch over to another lotion . It even topped Aveeno and i thought that was impossible . I would ` nt recommend it on your face because it is a little greasy and will probably induce breakouts.It is a bit pricey at 7-8 dollars a bottle , but it is well worth it -LRB- for me at least -RRB- . I absolutely hate watered down lotions and having to apply like 2 or 3 coats just to get properly moisturized especially out of the shower ! With this only one coat works . It 's amazing ! Not to mention the Black bottle is so sexy . Way for Keri to make a comeback !
 I have been using Keri lotion for many years since my late father recommended it to me . The addition of Shea Butter makes a wonderful product even better . Friends have commented how smooth my hands are and I give Keri the credit . It 's great for legs as well .
 I am always pleased that I can get the product on line . I have tried local mecrhantsand have not found the product on their shelves . This was my second order and I will order again .
 Works perfect . I shave my head and I have very dry skin . This cream helps to replace the bodys natural moisture without being sticky and messy .
 Keri is an excellent body lotion . It provides moisture and leaves the body smooth and soft . The lotion lasts all day . It is not greasy . When used daily , I feel great .
 I purchased this perfume at Saks when it first came out . I LOVE it . I can not find it at department stores anymore , so I was very excited to see it online . The scent , as mentioned by others , definitely is powdery . Men often say it smells like baby powder . I do not at all agree it is a heavy scent . This was definitely a go to day/weekend scent for me . This is one of the few perfumes that is n't heavy enough to give me a headache . I would absolutely recommend this if you are into a clean and fresh scent .
 I Love it , I Love it , I Love it ... the scent is a soft sweet candy like scent .
 This is one of the few perfumes I truly like . The fragrance is subtle so as not to overwhelm , even those who are sensitive to fragrances as I am . It is nice to wear daily , not just for special occasions .
 I am not historically a perfume-wearing person . I typically find many perfumes to be overwhelming - too strong , too this or too that . Escada Magnetism changed my mind on wearing perfume . It 's distinctive yet light . It almost reminds me of cotton candy - just a soft , sweet , pleasantly enjoyable scent.I went to my local Macy 's as I was running low and was told it had been discontinued . I immediately got online and started searching ! I was grateful to see that Amazon still sold `` my '' perfume.I do n't know why companies create lovely things like this , or a certain shade of nail polish or lipstick , or whatever , only to discontinue it after countless people have grown to love the product . But as long as there are sites like Amazon who are still selling those beloved products , I 'll be a happy woman .
 This was a gift for my young adult son . he really likes the scent and so does his girlfriend . great price too
 Great scent for my boyfriend . He loves it and so do I. Smells very light . Great for anyone who does n't prefer heavy scents .
 I bought four of these to use in construction work . Working in the middle of august in the Texas sun brings a bucket of sweat down on your head and into your eyes before you get five steps out of the truck . I tried everything , bandanas , terry cloth bands , paper towels , my wife 's face towel -LRB- that did n't go over so well -RRB- and nothing worked except the Sweatvac . I use two layered up my forehead on the really hot days and one for a `` normal '' day . I wash these constantly and they 're holding up great . Plus I walk around looking like I 'm coming from the tennis club instead of a jobsite .
 This is a good headband . It 's light and comfortable . I was expecting it to have more stretch though . I would not recommend this product to someone with a small head . I have a small head and when I wear this during my runs it often slips down my forehead or slips down the back of my hair . I still chose to wear it over nothing though .
 Love love love , comfy and pretty and holds my sweat . I sweat a lot too ! I have a few other ones , but this one is very good for sure !
 I bought this to wear under a ball cap at work . I usually have to wash my ball cap at least once a week here in Phoenix and they end up losing their shape and I have to replace them . This prevents all that , my last new ball cap still looks new after two months . It flat out works !
 Does what it is meant to do ... holds back your sweat and fits snug . It does n't look too bad either : -RRB-
 I would recommend this sweatband . It is loose enough to be comfortable but tight enough to stay on . It keeps the sweat out of the eyes as promised !
 great purchase . it works very well and is exactly as it was described . i would recommend this to a friend . i 've been very happy with it .
 This works amazingly !! The fabric is light and wicks sweat away like nothing else I 've tried . Kept every drop out of my eyes . I 'm an endurance runner in the south and I sweat a ton during the summer in the 90 degree heat and over 70 % humidity . I never have to worry about sweat in my eyes again !
 I love this band . I sweat alot and not only does it work but it 's attractive . I love it ! I 'm a nurse in a busy unit , no more sweat dripping in my eyes !
 Got one of these for Christmas , liked it so much I had to get another . And will probably ask for some more this Christmas too . Great material , light to wear , and not sure how it soaks up so much sweat . Not like Terry Cloth bands that I have to trade out after a couple of racquetball matches , these things will hold up for 2-3 hours of play . Awesome .
 My boyfriend loves it and is going to purchase more . He has a sweating problem and this helps alot . I believe he uses it under his hard hat .
 Hubby says this headband works better than many others he has purchased . We do n't know what in the product makes it work , but it absorbs water and does the job !
 It is difficult to imagine a headband that can keep the perspiration off my eyes during the hot and humid summers . This one works great ! Thank you .
 Love this product keep hair moist and since my husband has extremely curly , dry hair he uses it too .
 Terrific for the area around the eyes . Gets rid of dryness , and does n't sting the eyes or feel greasy .
 Long nights , stress . Dark eyes to wrinkles this seems to do it all . Works great . Literally like the review I read before I bought takes the black circles right off my eyes . Only been a week or so . Ca n't wait to see months results . Definite buy !
 Let me start by saying that I 'm not affiliated with this company in any way . I just turned 44 years old . In the last 6 months I began getting pronounced creases under my eyes . I tried another product that was well over $ 100 and got moderate results that took weeks to kick in , and the product had a strong unappealing fragrance . I ran out of it , and while I was debating getting more , I found a sample of the Menscience Eye Rescue that a friend had given me a while back . After using it I saw good results within a couple of days . I bought a tube and am very pleased with its effect on my skin ... and there is no bad odor . I would give this product a 5 star rating if it literally shaved 15 years off my face , but let 's be realistic . Maybe it reacts differently with different body chemistry , but it certainly works very well for me ... and it 's affordable !
 Must use it before you go to bed as well as in the morning . It also takes a while for it to have an effect . It does however reduce the puffiness .
 I thought this product was all hype , but my wife made me try it . I never used `` eye care '' products before and was AMAZED at the result . My wife says I look younger and healthier and no longer have shadows under my eyes . It also feels great .
 After using this product for nearly 6 months now , I have finally decided that I am now able to provide legitimate feedback . I will be very honest , throughout these first six months , I nearly abandoned this product out of frustration on several occasions which would have ended with a far different point of view toward this product than what I feel as of this writing.I suffer from Seborrheic Dermatitis . I am 29 years old and I have battled `` Seb-Derm '' since I was in high school . So it is important to know that I give this feedback for ZNP soap based solely on its effectiveness with treating only Seborrheic Dermatitis . If you are planning on using this soap for any other ailment , I do not know if the following testimony will be applicable or not . My guess is that some of it most definitely will.The only area where I suffer from visible Seborrheic Dermatitis is on my cheeks right below my eyes on each side of my nose . It is your standard variety of Seb-Derm and nothing I have ever tried seemed to treat it with any real effectiveness
 In recent years my skin has become dry and prone to breakout . Since I started using Grandpa 's Brand Shea Butter Soap with Lavender and Vanilla-in just a few short weeks my skin has began to clear nicely . You would n't believe how soft my skin is-it 's baby soft ! I find myself caressing my arms throughout the day . I do n't remember my skin ever feeling this soft and smooth and I 've tried many , many , many different kinds of soap . The lavender and vanilla scent is so wonderful and relaxing , and the creamy shea butter deeply mosturizes my skin .
 Lathers well , has a light and pleasing fragrance , easy on sensitive skin , and moisturizes -- what more could you ask .
 First time trying the soap . I like it but not as much as other organic soaps I 've tried but it 's not the worse . I do plan on trying other kinds of this soap .
 I 'd switched to various Manuka Honey and Tea Tree Oil soaps -LRB- such as the awesome but priceyManuka Honey and Propolis Soapor cheaperTea Tree Therapy , SOAP , VEG BASED - 3.5 OZ -RRB- after dumping the chemical heavy soaps I 'd grown up on , and had good results -LRB- see my reviews -RRB- , though the price was always an issue . After I ran out of those , I was at a local supermarket and they were having a sale on Grandpa 's brand soaps in their cute , old-timey packaging . After checking the ingredients for anything weird and not finding anything I could n't pronounce or identify , I decided to try this one , because I need a soap that moisturizes . I 've been using it daily for three weeks now and am happy with the results
 I love menscience daily face wash , I have real oily skin . I also like that is has no perfume smell , It cleared up some acne i had . The down side is that it is expensive than most products i have tryed , It works as advertised . Amazon is the cheapest place i have found it , For men that work outside like i do . It clears your pores and gets rid of the salt that you sweat out , I noticed that the first time i used it . Great product , just wish it was less expensive .
 This face wash does a good job of cleaning your skin and keeping it in a good condition . During winter use it with a face lotion or your skin will get too dry . Overall it is a nice product and I would recommend it !
 I have sensitive and oily skin . This product has made my face less oily and cleared alot of imperfections on my face . I also realised that while using , my sensitive skin did not break out at all . All these improvements came with the addition of this cleanser without changing other skincare products I 'm using at the same time . Many others have recommended me to this product and I 'm now recommending it to others !
 This is a very good product . It cleans well , without heavy perfumes or scents . It 's very good for dry climates -- keeps my face from drying out and getting flaky . Use it once every morning and after workouts .
 I like the MenScience face wash because it gets my face super clean without drying it out .
 Good for cleaning your face without drying your skin out . I 've used it a couple of times a day and it 's great for washing away grime and sweat .
 I am an African American male with oily skin prone to having shaving bumps , clogged pores and scarring . I use this and the MenScience scrub right before shaving . Along with the Menscience shaving cream , my skin has really improved . I haved reduced the shaving bumps by 95 % , unclogged my pores and the scarring has been eliminated . I also would suggest using the Menscience face lotion . The best products on the market !
 Anti-aging , anti-acne , my skin has seriously never looked better . I 've suffered bad skin and acne my entire life and I 've spent thousands of dollars over the years on other products that just made the problems worse . A friend recommended this brand to me and so I tried it . It took a few weeks to a month for me to notice a difference but WOW did it help . Also , it foams really nicely and is unscented , it also lasts a long time .
 I have oily/acne prone skin and this has helped me alot . I use it with menscience face lotion , menscience scrub , sharps toner , and nature 's cure benzoil peroxide and have seen an amazing improvement . The prices on their products are kinda high but this lasts for awhile because you do n't need to use much . The gycolic acid is the key I think and it really helps shed the dead skin that can clog your pores . Research some of the main ingredients and you will see that the people making it really knew what they were doing . This stuff 's the real deal.Update 9/29/2012 : I should add that I started to use the face brush -LRB- although anything similar would work -RRB- and it really builds up a lather and makes it so you do n't have to use nearly as much . One bottle has easily been lasting me one year if not a bit longer . The brush also seems to help the acids in the wash dissolve away the gunk much better . I do n't use the scrub any more because the brush does a better job . I 'm still using the same wash and still think this is a great face wash based on the mix of ingredients .
 The product works great for me . It 's cleared my acne and helped lighten the tone of my skin . Nevertheless , it still cost alot .
 i have used a lot of other products on my face and they all make my skin dry and leave skin flakes which to me is a sign that theyre not cleaning the dead skin off my face . i really like the clean feeling i get , i have oily skin and it does a good job of cleaning without overdrying .
 First of all , I 'm not a dermatologist , I 'm just a heterosexual guy with sensitive skin who has tried many products and done a lot of research in the search of the right products . I offer reviews of Clinique , zirh , menscience , art of shaving and baxter of California , hope my reviews are helpful.the face wash is very gentle , it avoids sodium laureth/lauryl , menthol and other irritating ingredients . Instead , it uses salcylic acids , which gently cleanse skin
 Awesome vendor ! Fast shipping . Item as promised and described . Will definitely buy from them again and again !! Thank you !
 This is the best scrub I have used.I use this right before shaving . I use it every other day and a small amount goes a long way ! Excellent product !
 This face scrub leaves your skin unbelivable soft and smooth . It is by far much beter than any other brand I have used . My girlfriend has noticed the difference too . It is about time someone came with quality cosmetics for men like MenScience
 I bought this product awhile ago and have to say it really is a great scrub . In comparison to the sharps scrub , I would say this product is more of a scrub then sharps in that it is far more gritty when used and scrubs more effectively . But as an everyday product this might just be a bit to aggressive.If your considering one of the two products you might try both and find that they are almost different products.The sharps being somewhere between a face wash and a Scrub . While the MenScience is an aggressive scrub .
 Menscience best product , it has microelements that truly clean my skin . It leaves me with a sense of freshness and it softens my skin before shaving . Great product .
 I am 45 years old and have been using this product for more than two years . I am often asked by others what kind of skin care products I use on my face because I 'm often mistaken for being in my early 30 's . Genetics play a role - but spending the time to take care of your skin makes an even greater difference . The Microfine Scrub is my foundation for healthy skin and I use it three times a week . On the other days , I use the MenScience Daily Face Wash. . I swear by this skin care regimen and I am very skeptical of products that over promise and under perform ... especially when they are not inexpensive . MenScience Face Scrub and Daily Facial Wash are two of those rare products that are worth the price and deliver what is promised with consistent use ! Fantastic !
 I 'm in the business so when I find a good product I find it 's best to give proper credit when it 's due . This is a great way to buff out dead skin cells and exfoliate - something most people , especially men , overlook . A great addition to any skin care routine , this product is a great start in the AM while showering .
 It 's rare that I write a review , saving them for products that really stand out , either bad or good . In this case , the MenScience face scrub is amazing . I followed the directions , rubbing it in for a minute or two . Then I use a moisturizer afterwards . My skin looks and feels great . . very clean and healthy looking . I 've only used it a few times now , but this scrub really works . I would recommend to anyone .
 awesome product !!!! will not buy any other face scrub besides this one ... kinda pricy but well worth every dollar ... highly recommended !!! cleared my skin of blemishes after first week of using daily ...
 I 've been using this face scrub for the past two years and I really ca n't live without . I have used a lot of different face washes and topical creams -LRB- both OTC and prescription -RRB- over the years , and nothing prevents me from breaking out more than this product . The price is a bit steep , but the bottle will last you about 5 months if used once daily -LRB- depending on how big your face is -RRB- .
 I really ca n't praise this enough . It 's a bit more expensive than most people would like to spend on face care but it really is the best you can buy . I have oily/acne prone skin and this has helped me alot .
 great product ... very fine texture . I have sensitive skin and this product does n't irritate my skin .
 It only takes a minute , yep , just 60 seconds to totally cleanse and revitalize your complexion . The Mr. swears by it , and tends to hyperventilate if it looks like his supply is getting low.He uses it first thing in the a.m. in preparation for shaving . With three different types of microbuffing particles and Glycolic Acid dead skin cells are banished and his face is softer , smoother.Then , a shave with his favorite cream and he gets that `` Lookout world , here I come '' look about him . -LRB- Tough for some of us to take first thing in the morning . -RRB- Recommended for all skin types .
 First of all , I 'm not a dermatologist , I 'm just a heterosexual guy with sensitive skin who has tried many products and done a lot of research in the search of the right products . I offer reviews of Clinique , zirh , menscience , art of shaving and baxter of California , hope my reviews are helpful.this product is a great scrub , it really makes a difference on the skin . My skin feels very smooth and bright -LRB- not shiny -RRB- . the downside is that you have to use a sun screen while using this product or you 'll get a huge skin burn . Nothing major , but it 's a bit annoying knowing that you have to use it . I only scrub once a week because of this
 This is one of my favorite facial scrubs so far . Scrubs are one of those things I use once , maybe twice a week so as a result I they tend to stick around in the shower for a long time . This is definitely one of those bottles that I 'm always glad to have around . Instantly freshens up my skin and does n't feel too abrasive like some scrubs I 've used . Very good product - if need a scrub -LRB- and you do , in my opinion -RRB- this should make the list .
 I sometimes suffer from flaky skin , but since using the Face Scrub , my skin has felt smooth and refreshed . Most exfoliating scrubs are too harsh for my face , and leave my skin red and blotchy , and feeling very painful . The Microfine Face Scrub is so gentle , I can use it several times a week to really help get rid of dead skin and dirt , and it does n't bother my face at all .
 I have tried many of the other facial scrubs . They were either too thin or thick or provided next to nothing in the form of scrubbing performance . This while expensive is the best one . Leaves your skin feeling great and not over dried out .
 I am an avid follower of holistic health and medicine . I have severe pms , cramps , and nausea . With this product I need no pain killers during `` that time '' . I have tried everything , and this product really works .
 I hope they never discontinue this product ! It just about eradicates my PMS and migraines that I suffer from around that time.I take this about a week before PMS will start and about up to a week after my -LRB- moon -RRB- cycle . Although when I have forgotten to take it and PMS starts , I still had good results with taking it religiously at least 3x a day . This signifigantly reduces my PMS even after it has started . GL
 I love perfume in general and this might be one of my favorites . I ca n't get enough of the sexy scent -- floral but sophisticated . This is also a great eau de parfum ... it literally lasts for hours . The scent even survived a recent trip to the beach ! I 've also noticed that it smells differently on everyone , which is apparantly what quality perfume is supposed to do . In short , I definately recommend !
 i have this perfume and the fragrance is like no other . I brought it in Bermuda and am seeking other ways to purchase more . I am very particular about my scents , and this one in particular is just pleasant , not overbearing , mild and simply beautiful .
 L'Instant by Guerlain comes in a beautiful bottle , my best looking one on my perfume dresser , and from the first spritz of this simple breath of Citrus Honey , Magnolia Inclusion and Amber Harmony you are in love with this scent.I get many compliments with friends and boyfriend on this one as I walk in , but it 's not overly sweet , it 's luminously bright , sparkly honey and pure flower petals on a cloud . It 's simply beautiful and unforgettable .
 Perfect ! Fast delivery and exactly the item I was looking for . Saved $ $ $ over Nordstrom 's , the only other place I could find this lotion to go with the perfume , which is difficult to find in the US right now .
 This perfume is perfect for day or night . It is soft enough to wear in the day but it lasts long enough for a night out . The perfume will definitely make someone wonder what you are wearing !
 On my skin L'Instant 's amber and honey come out the most . The magnolia gives it appearance in a subtle glow as well . It takes awhile , but , later the sexy sweet musk comes out . The packaging is really pretty as well . Very long-lasting fragrance on the skin and on fabric too . This fragrance has great sillage . This has got to be the longest lasting Guerlain on my skin . Try the L'Instant de Guerlain Creme de Parfum as well for layering this scent .
 I love this scent . I would n't buy from anyone other than the company I bought from . WOW , very professional , excellent to do business with . More than 5 stars if I could !
 This is a soft and feminine fragrance , I absolutely love it when I wear it as I feel sooooo feminine . It does not smell cheap and you can wear this anytime - well , I do . I 'm usually very excited about wearing this . I 've got quite a few perfumes in my collection , so i hardly use the same fragrance twice a week . Whenever i fish this out however , it always wows me , and just hits me like that ! Then i realize why i bought it in the first place . A definite favorite . Highly recommended .
 I 've ordered other products from this website before and I have NEVER been dissatisfied , thank goodness :-D However , when it comes to quick delivery these people were the quickest . This perfume is extremely hard to find and smells HEAVENLY !!!!! I will continue to order from this site and hope more people do too : - D
 My sister received a large bottle of L'Instant as a gift . I loved the scent and am happy with my purchase . The pictured bottle is larger than the one I received . It did say 1 ounce , but it was half the size of the image .
 i bouthg this for my mom and she loves it . it smells great !! its a soft , fragrant smell ...
 Derma E 's Alpha Lipoderm cream contains Alpha Lipoic Acid and Green Tea Repair Complex . While they say this may tingle , my sensitive skin did not notice any tingling . I have been using this on my hands and it does seem to remove those tiny brown spots or freckles , so you might want to use this on your arms and hands on a regular basis to remove fine lines , wrinkles and other skin irregularities . This product will diminish visible signs of aging.You can use this under make-up or all over your body . It absorbs fast and is never oily . After using this cream I noticed definite firming of my facial skin . I also like using this as a hand cream or for all-over body healing.Ingredients
 The quality of my skin improved immediately . I am using this product as well as the ones with Pycnogenol in them for vascular support .
 Call me crazy - I love the blind buys that turn out to be a great cologne ... Silver Shadow falls into this category - pleasantly surprised . . The fragrance is out of the gates with a soft cedar/woodsy base note then finishes with a clean smelling vanilla amber scent that is unique . The smell is almost addictive . It is truly a best kept secret.The longevity is above average , lasting about 6 + hours on the skin and a little longer on my shirtsleeve . While I have not received any unsolicited compliments , I did receive compliments when asked about the fragrance I was wearing . Sweetie also gave me the thumbs up in the morning and , again , at night when I got home . The projection , or silage , is average . The fragrance is really good.Given the amber and woodsy notes , I would suggest the best time of year to wear would be Fall and/or Winter . Probably any occasion is appropriate for Shadow . The bottle is an extremely cool design and is well packaged . I am especially fond of the logo etching on the glass bottle . Davidoff , nice job . . !! The value on Amazon is just under $ 30.00 for a small bottle -LRB- and you pay shipping -RRB- . While there are better -LRB- or cheaper -RRB- deals available , this cologne is worth taking a chance . You may get lucky , monitoring the price for a reduction or maybe Free Shipping included.My cologne collection has now surpassed 300 bottles and growing - you have to spend your money on something , right ? Silver Shadow might fall outside my Top 10 , but I do enjoy the fragrance . Right now I am big on the citrus based fragrances.All things considered , I give Silver Shadow 4.3 stars out of 5 . Bottom line - the scent is fantastic , it has potential `` Wow Factor '' , longevity is above average , and the deal is average . I definitely recommend adding to your collection . Enjoy the changes each season brings -LRB- and in life -RRB- ...
 I bought this after trying it out at a local store . I thought the smell mixes well with my body . Remember that different people produce slightly different chemicals through their pores , so always try out new scent in person!The smell is not oaky or musky -LRB- like Brut -RRB- , nor is it `` light '' and `` botanical '' like most AXE body spray . Instead , it smell a lot like coconut-vanilla-almond-cream . Yes , it smell very vanilla-creamy for some reason . I occassionally go hungry . My favorite thing about this scent is that the duration is very long ! 12 hours is no problem . I regulary spray once about arm-length away and aim at my clavicle/neck region , and that 's it . One bottle should last me a LOOONG time . Highly recommended , at least worth a try!Another thing , please buy from a reputable shop . I already had experience buying copycats and it is not pleasant . Thanks for reading .
 Amber , Oakmoss , Saffron , Patchouli , Orange , Coriander and Cedar . Makes for a perfect mixture with this fragrance .
 This is a soft and a bit spicy . . Just enough to make people want to snuggle with ya . Not a slap you in the face smell
 All the woman in my life really like it including my wife . I 've had woman I 've never meet before ask me what fragrance I 'm wearing ! I only get that question when I 'm wearing Silver Shadow .
 I have not found this in many stores . It is a shame . When I wear it and hug my girlfriend , she sighs , `` hmmm ... you smell nice . '' Totally worth it !
 This is the second time that I ordered this product for my husband . He loves it . It is very reasonably priced too ! Makes a perfect birthday present .
 This is a sexy cologne . So glad I bought it . It 's one of those gifts that ends up benefiting him and her .
 I like the smell and it last almost all day.Great price and was received in excellent condition and in a reasonable time frame .
 Highly recommend this product do n't wait when you find it buy it . You and your Dog both will love it . Superb dog shampoo and the scent is wonderful . Try it and you will see what I am talking about !!!!
 I have to bathe my poodle once a week and have had a hard time finding a product that does not dry his skin with frequent bathing . OH MY DOG all over shampoo is perfect for frequently bathing . My fluff ball 's skin is never over dry . His fur is always soft and easy to brush , and he smells great to boot . I highly recommend this product !!!
 I have very sensitive skin , with some rosacea . There was a problem with every moisturizer I tried - from the cheapest to very pricey . No problems with this one ! But most important
 I 've been using all kinds of organic product line for more than 10 years . Some product is really expensive but this creme is inexpensive and really makes my face smoother and I noticed scars from acne also improved .
 I 've been using it for approximately 9 weeks now and it has made a tremendous transformation in the way that I look . The tone , texture , clarity have greatly improved . Fine lines softened and I feel a new firmness .
 I have been using this for years and have no complaints at all . I have tried other products here and there , but always continue to use this one . It has NEVER broken out my skin . It moisturizes very well without being oily . Absorbs quickly leaving skin soft .
 Being a man , I like something simple that works . The creme does not build up , is not greasy , and I only need to apply it once after I shower .
 I like that there are no synthetic or harmful ingredients in this moisturizer . I was looking for something safe to try on my toddler son 's arms & face as he has keratosis pyloris . It did n't clear it up but I was just experimenting , so I ca n't blame the product . I also used it on my face and it was a good moisturizer . I was n't thrilled with the scent nor the somewhat odd residue or `` feel '' it left behind -LRB- for lack of a better description -RRB- but it did n't affect make-up application and is nothing detectable to anyone else . While not thrilled with those points , I 'd still rather use this than something packed with chemicals and/or synthetic perfume .
 Especially in the winter I use to flake around my eye area . Since using this product year round , I do n't have that problem .
 The jury is still out on this one for me . I am new to Derma e , and overall love their products so far -- my skin is very sensitive , and their products have n't caused any irritation . I have used this product for a couple of weeks and really ca n't tell if it 's doing anything . I also bought the Derma e Hyaluronic Acid Rehydrating Serum , which I like much better than this one .
 I have been using this moisturizer for a few years now , along with the Derma-e Papaya and Soy Milk Foaming cleanser which I also recommend . I have very sensitive , rosacea prone , normal to dry skin . This creme is light , absorbs well , and helps to calm my skin . I 'm not sure about its anti-aging capabilities but it is good for sensitive skin.I also use their Fruit Smoothee Moisturing Creme , which is not one of their stronger anti-aging formulas but I find that it helps smooth fine lines . -LRB- However , it is not as calming as the Pycnogenol Creme . -RRB- Personally , I 'd rather have calm skin with a few lines , than a red blotchy face with no wrinkles!I also like that the ingredients are natural and do n't contain harmful parabens etc. .
 I am on my second jar of this product . I have seen a significant improvement in my poors . I have not seen much difference in my hyper-pigmentation . My acne did clear up . The scars have not . I think over all I will continue to use this product . I am going to look for other options for the scars . I have an olive complexion that scars easy .
 Best kept secret in the cosmetics world . Amazing product at a reasonable price . I read about this product in a small paragraph in a magazine . It should have a whole page devoted to it .
 This product is cheaper than anywhere else as I have done my research . Delivery was prompt and exact . I appreciate Amazon.com to have the products that I need and ordering is made very easy . Thanks to the seller !
 I have sensitive regular to oily skin . The lotions , creams , and oils just do n't work for me . They feel heavy and like I have a layer on top of my skin . I 've been using this exclusively for 4-5 years and it 's the only thing that works for me . It asorbs into my skin and feels like it is healing and repairing my skin . My wife has dry skin and it does n't work for her , so I guess it 's not for everyone . I 'm so glad I found this because nothing else works for me and this does !
 I found this Pycnogenol Gel to be the ideal mosturizer for my skin type ; combination -LRB- mild oily T , dryer cheeks -RRB- but about 3 years ago started to have adult acne and the first fine lines appeared as well -LRB- I 'm 33 -RRB- . I also have sensitive skin and around my nose area some redness -LRB- had this since I was 12 and nothing helped ! -RRB- . This gel reduced this redness to almost 0 and addresses almost all my other skin-issues except the acne but at least it does not aggrevate it , however it lessens the inflamation when I break out . I apply Tee Trea oil , or Derma E Very Clear Spot Blemish Teatment under this gel to acne . I have to say they work perfect together.As a skin cleanser , I use Aveeno Clear Complexion Foaming Cleanser which also helps prevent breakouts -LRB- just for reference purposes if you have the same or similar skin conditions -RRB- . What I also like about this Pycnogenol Gel is that it does not make my skin oily and it soaks in so fast , then my skin feels supple and not heavy at all ! It feels like I did n't even apply moisturizer yet it mositurizes my cheeks and other dryer areas on my face . It is also effective on finer lines and on those `` expression-lines '' you get if you frown -LRB- between eyebrows -RRB- or laugh -LRB- around mouth area -RRB- . Also , Derma-E has the leaping bunny symbol because they do not experiment on animals , they are a cruelty free company !
 Love this product by Dema e . It does disminish fine lines and wrinkles as stated . However the second time I tried to order it the vendor said the product was damaged in route and did not respond in a timely fashion . I had to reorder directly from Derma e.
 Skeptically I began using this cream after learning that pycnogenol helps to increase collagen & elastin . Have been using for just under a month now & have noticed my skin is smoother & firmer . I do not have sensitive skin so can not comment on that but I have never used anything that does what it says , no matter what the hype or what the price . I do not find this product greasy at all and a little goes a long way . Thumbs up for this product !
 Love this product . Makes my skin feel softer . . Feel that my laugh lines are not as deep as they used to be
 My personal physician recommended this and I bought at goo.gl / xv1lP , with $ 10 off and free samples . Great stuff !!!!! He told that the extract of pine bark has a beneficial effect in treating over 50 diseases associated with the effects of free radicals , and also provides prevention against them :1 -RRB- Asthma2 -RRB- Chronic venous insufficiency -LRB- a condition that involves leg swelling , 3 -RRB- varicose veins , pain , itching , and other skin changes -RRB- 4 -RRB- High blood pressure -LRB- hypertension -RRB- 5 -RRB- Retinopathy -LRB- an eye condition commonly caused by diabetes -RRB- 6 -RRB- Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder -LRB- ADHD -RRB- 7 -RRB- Blood clots in the legs -LRB- deep vein thrombosis -RRB- 8 -RRB- Diabetes9 -RRB- Impotence -LRB- also known as erectile dysfunction or ED -RRB- 10 -RRB- High cholesterol11 -RRB- Male infertility12 -RRB- Heart attacks or strokes13 -RRB- Leg cramps14 -RRB- Pregnancy pains -LRB- such as back pain , pelvic pain , and leg cramps -RRB- 15 -RRB- Painful menstrual periods -LRB- dysmenorrhea -RRB- .16 -RRB- Pycnogenol is also said to improve athletic performance . `` So , tell me what it cant heal ? '' I asked . But whatever I had a try . I use it in my type 2 diabetes herbal treatment regimen and to add preventative circulatory and longevity potential to my life one veggie cap at a time . I have been taking this pycogenol for about a month so far and the main thing I have noticed is that my allergies/cough have pretty much gone away completely . At the beginning of January this year I got sick with a pretty bad cold and have had a cough ever since that is only at night and in the morning . My doctor told me that it was most likely allergies or asthma , neither of which I have had before . The pycogenol is the only thing I have added to my regimen of vitamins/supplements in the past month and now my cough is gone.Yay !! I am also hoping this will help with my diabetes which was the reason that I started taking it so hopefully I can report back seeing a benefit on that soon too . I plan to start taking this twice a day instead of once so I 'm hoping that will help .
 Anyone with mature and sensitive skin should love this product . It left my skin feeling soft , hydrated , and healthy looking . It works very well under makeup too.I do wish it came with SPF protection . However , I will be ordering this product again soon .
 This is an amazing product . My girlfriend and I tried it out , and within only a few days we noticed wrinkles fading away . Seriously .
 I purchased this product a few weeks ago , and I absolutely love it . It is more of a gel than a lotion , which made me skeptical at first , but after using it I realized it works better than any other product I have used in recent years . I have a fair olive complexion that is on the dry side , my skin is usually clear with oily spots under my mouth . Unlike other reviews , this product does not leave a residue on my face at all , instead it goes on light and feels wonderful . I had been experimenting with other natural products with no luck , so I pleased I found this one . I just ordered other Derma E products that have n't arrived yet , hopefully I will love those too !
 I have suffered from dandruff since middle school -LRB- when I first started having acne and oily skin -RRB- . I have used all kinds of products like Head and Shoulders , T-gel , Selsun blue , tea tree oil shampoos and dermatologist prescribed shampoos with sulfur . This product has changed my life for the better and I no longer have to worry about flakes , itching and scabbing . I can confidently wear my hair in any style.I have tried other products like Regenepure DR and it 's just not the same . I even tried the pink Nizoral and still got flakes . This is the only thing that works for me !
 After spending lots of money trying other products , I finally found Nizoral and will never buy another product . It smells nice , makes a nice lather and really does stop flaking .
 My son 's pediatrician recommended this shampoo for my son . When it was no longer stocked in the stores , we had tried Neutrogena and Head and Shoulders , but those products did n't work as effectively as Nizoral . I was glad to see it available again , at least online . Wish it was cheaper , but this product seems to work much better .
 I chose this rating because on the very first use the shampoo was soothing to my scalp and not to mention the fragrance was a pleasant one unlike medicine . I also received relief to my itchy scalp , so I was very satisfied . Thank you for this product .
 I have been battling seborrheic dermatitis for over forty years . Doctor after doctor has told me there 's not much help for it . Hydrocirtisone creams and sprays would keep the red , flaky patches on various spots on my face and ears at bay for a couple of days per application , but what about the rest of my head ? I tried every shampoo and rinse , with very little or no effect . I got Nizoral 2 % about two months ago , used at most 1/4 tsp . four times , separated by a week , and after the third time , it was ALL GONE . I have n't used it for a month , and there 's no trace of redness or flakes . The doctors may be right , that the underlying fungal infection is `` incurable '' , but this is close enough for me . Thank you very much .
 Nizoral over the counter is not as effective as prescription strength , but it still helps when alternated with Neutrogena T/Gel .
 My pediatrician suggested this Nizoral shampoo to get rid of my baby 's cradle cap -LRB- the common yellow , greasy , patchy , waxy crust little ones get . It may be fungal or overactive oil glands . Older children get a similar case , but is actually dandruff ! -RRB- This blue pearly shampoo is gentle enough for such young and tender skin , and it worked beautifully ! It also took care of her baby acne on her chubby little cheeks . I did n't scrub it on to her , but gently swiped the bubbles from her head onto her face . I just made sure to keep it from her eyes , since it is not truly meant for babies . After the first bout with Nizoral , her cradle cap was almost gone . It took only one more dose to get it cleared up . Same with her cheeks!I also used it for myself when my seasonal allegry of eczema got in my hair line . I would usually only get affected on my eyebrows ' area -LRB- the eczema makes my skin/scalp extra dry and flaky -RRB- . I never had dandruff before , but remembered the Nizoral . I used it two different times in the shower , and my scalp healed right up , making the eczema disappear . This shampoo also leaves your hair super soft and silky.As long as you are careful , Nizoral is an amazing cure for cradle cap and minor eczema break outs .
 I have looked all over for this shampoo and do n't seem to know why it is no longer on the stores , but anyway , I shop at Amazon all the time and was able to find it . It is a good product and received packaging in good conditon .
 I have used this product several times through the last 15 years to treat my tinea versicolor . While in the shower , I simply `` shampoo '' my skin in the affected areas . Use more than you think you need to create a rich , thick lather , then let it sit on your skin for 5 minutes while you shave your legs or just soak in the shower . Then simply rinse it off . Two to three such applications is enough to completely eradicate my TV and keep it gone for 3-4 years . No kidding ! When it eventually comes back , I perform this routine again and am TV free for another 3-4 years . This is the only product I 've found that works this quickly and effectively . It 's wonderful !
 I heard so much hype about this stuff I had to try it ! I brought this years ago from Walmart . Im an African American woman just so you know . it dried my hair out . I tried so many other things . -LRB- wasting money -RRB- . A friend told me dont put it on your hair just massage it in your scalp let it sit for a few minutes and rinse use a good conditioner . my scalp loves it . No more big dandruff flakes !
 I have tried pretty much all the anti dandruff shampoo and Nizoral is the only one that works.I ca n't live without Nizoral .
 I have used this product off and on for years . I ca n't find it in a lot of stores . It hasbeen discontinued . It is getting reviews of being harmful . people losing their hair.I felt the price was higher than I am use to paying !! But I needed it .
 NOTE
 este champu es bien bueno , el precio es muy costoso , ojala le bajaran el costo para poder seguir comprandolo pues es muy pequeno el frasco para el precio tan alto .
 I got really dry scalp when I was overseas , the water was terrible . This shampoo really helped keep it all in check while I was there . It does n't stink like the tar based shampoos , smells pretty normal .
 Nizoral A-D Shampoo - 4 ozMost of my dandruff and itching concerns seem to have come about after discontinuing long-term antibiotic therapy . The result has left me battling scalp issues for weeks . The product arrived on a day when I seemed to be experiencing a lot of itching and discomfort . I had been using Head and Shoulders and while that helped immediately after use , the benefits were very short-lived . After one use of Nizoral 1 % , I noticed immediate improvement . I 'm not saying my problems have been cured by a single use . In fact , I expect to have to use it again at least once to twice more in the very near term to keep the situation in check . However , I am very happy with the results .
 I just found the OTC nizoral and have seen great results after the first shampoo , I have thick natural aa hair and have not had any flaking or scaling , so far so good .
 I read all of the reviews online and I was quite eager to get started . So , I purchased Nizoral in the CVS store and I am now on Amazon.com to purchase another bottle . I 'm telling you this stuff works!As a black female with chemically-treated hair , I was n't sure if this product was for me . I needed to do something before I tried going to the Dermatologist . After three shampoos -LRB- that 's three weeks -RRB- , the snow fall has finally stopped . Now , I plan on alternating between nizoral and my regular shampoo .
 This product is worth the money and works really well . First use and it worked like a charm ! Would recommend !
 Nizoral A-D Shampoo is supposed to help with excessive dandruff and it does the job for the most part . The best feature besides the medical benefit is it 's smell and look . I think the shampoo smells great for a medicated shampoo and also has a nice blue color that is relaxing . There 's nothing worse than a scary looking -LRB- tar -RRB- , stinky shampoo ! I would recommend this product for people with light to moderate dandruff . If you have heavy dandruff , try prescriptions .
 I 've had dandruff and mild seborrhoeic dermatitis since childhood . It has never really bothered me , but I 've occasionally attempted to treat it with OTC anti-dandruff shampoos . Nothing really worked , so I just decided it was something I would have to live with.Several months ago , I decided to research the condition a bit more and discovered ketoconazole , which is the active ingredient in this shampoo . Essentially , the seborrhoeic dermatitis is a reaction to a yeast present on the scalp -LRB- a commensual present on everyone but provoking a reaction in only some individuals -RRB- , and ketoconazole is an antifungal medication ; logically , it can be used in treatment of the condition by reducing the population of the yeast . I 'm a bit surprised that pyrithione zinc , tar , selenium sulfide , et al. did n't work , but my understanding is that this is the most potent antifungal available OTC for this purpose.Enough theory ; did it actually work ? Yes . I applied this shampoo for about two weeks and both the dandruff and the scaling completely disappeared . It 's my experience that I can apply it about once every two weeks to maintain the response ; any less and the symptoms begin to return . The rest of the time , I can use my normal shampoo . That 's easy enough ; I 'm quite satisfied at how well Nizoral works .
 This shampoo is absolutely AMAZING . I am an african-american and I have had excessive dandruff since maybe 5th grade ... :--LRB- As I got older it only seemed like it got worst . Well after using this product my dandruff is gone !!! I 'm been using Nizoral for 2 months now ... and it has been a blessing . I recently got a perm , and for the first time EVER my scalp did not burn ... it was n't agitated at all ! It was like I was getting a conditioner ... no pain ! I 'll be using this product for the rest of my life !
 I used this for couple of weeks and could see the difference.I used many dandruff shampoos in the past and this one could be rated as the best of the lot.As I am in to just my third week , I have to use it 3 times a week to get the dandruff away.Overall this is a very good product
 My head . What was wrong with my head ??? I say this because I never had problems with dandruff until my late twenties , when all of a sudden my skin started flaking off when touched . My eyebrows , my scalp , and even my ears ! Friends would make fun of my ears and say I have wax in them , but it was really just loose skin flakes.I gave it some time -LRB- a few years -RRB- hoping it would pass , trying different washing procedures , shampoos , etc. . Basically , anytime I ` de go in the shower . . I ` de get out , dry . . and my skin would quickly follow with dryness , redness and flakes . It was ugly.Finally , I get the nerve to see a dermatologist - and I say this because I dont like doctors much . The dermo told me that I needed to treat the problem , sebhoric dermatitis . Gave me a bunch of Neutrogena anti-dandruff samples and what not . I didnt like them and pretty much threw them in the garbage . They looked and smelled very chemically and I dont want that kinda stuff on my body.A few months later I did some more research and found ingredients on Wiki about what relieves dandruff . I searched for that ingredient and found that Nizoral uses that same ingredient in their shampoo . Google + amazon = nizoral shampoo . Click to buy , a day or two later its delivered to my door and I used it that same day . Within the first , second or third use my symptoms were gone . I could care less about price , its cheap compared to the 80 dollar dermatologist visit which got me nowhere . Like everyone else said , its very foamy and cleans well.I wash my hair every 3 days and quickly scrub it in and rinse it out , I dont care to leave it in . Basically , its in there long enough to do what it needs to do - and it does it well.Since then , I 've been dandruff free thanks to Nizoral . It appears that Ferrari and Nizoral are now two fabulous products that come from Italy .
 I found out about this product several years ago when my doctor gave me the perscription formula for a bout of dandruff . It eventually became available in the non-perscription -LRB- 1 % -RRB- formula and for me , on the occasions that I need it the non-perscription formula has worked perfectly.It is a very nice shampoo , aside from the anti-dandruff properties . It has a tingly -LRB- not burning or caustic feel -RRB- fresh feeling when you are using it and lathers extreamly well even in the hard water I have at home . After using it my hair has a very clean but not dry feeling.I will use it from time to time as needed -LRB- usually in the fall -RRB- and I just had my son use it as well . It worked very well for him too and after the first use , the flakes were pretty much gone . Typically I will use it about a week and than I wo n't need it anymore . I also try to leave the lather on a few minutes to give it a chance to * work * . I have to say that if you are in the market for a dandruff shampoo chose this one . The price is anywhere from a lot to a bit higher than the others but I have n't had to go out an buy anything else if I bought this first . I ca n't say that about the other products so in the long run this is most cost effective for me .
 Addendum 29 January 2013
 I tried other dandruff shampoos but this is the only thing that worked for me . My scalp was so itchy and I had dandruff . I did n't want to spend so much on a shampoo that might or might not work so I wasted my money trying everything else first . The first time I used this shampoo , the itching was gone and the second time using the shampoo , the dandruff was gone as well . Now I only have to use this once and a while , maybe monthly if that , and I just use a small amount , so it has lasted a long time . Well worth the money to stop a very annoying problem .
 I did not buy this product on Amazon . But I went off of the reviews , having found Tgel , Selson , etc all to fail at stopping the snowstorm off my scalp . In two wks , for the first time in 15yrs , flakes were no longer falling . Further , I can use only a tab -LRB- sz of a fingernail -RRB- , and it suds up far , far better than Tgel . Hence , you use less , likely evening out the cost/oz issue.Which is just icing , as the effectiveness alone would have me spend 2x as much for this stuff . YMMV , but give it a shot if you avoid black shirts due to your scalp condition -LRB- or the skin between your eyebrows , which for me , at last , no longer flakes -RRB- . Cheers .
 I have been looking for a Dandruff Shampoo that would help out for the last 10 years . Head & Shoulders would make it worse and all of the other brands the same.I happened to see this shampoo on another site and heard good reviews.As usual I was skeptical at first.Got the product and the first 2 time 's I only noticed a little less dandruff.I decided to stay with it as the directions said two to three times a week.It has been 2-3 weeks and I 'm now Dandruff free!All I have to say is that this stuff works and I will be ordering more as soon as this bottle runs out ... it 's worth the price .
 This review reflects my ongoing problem with dandruff/seborrhea dermatitis and the help of a friend who is a dermatology student at UNC-Chapel Hill School of Medicine . It is so stressful to have dandruff . It itches , leaves your hair greasy , makes it hard to use any type of hair product and is very embarrassing . I had problems for 2 years . I felt like some shampoos I tried helped reduce dandruff , but I could n't really get rid of it . Finally I tried Nizoral at the recommendation of my friend and my dandruff problems are a thing of the past ! Hopefully this review will help people who have problems with dandruff . Also , quick advice I wish I 'd known before . Seborrhea dermatitis does not cause hair loss , but scratching your scalp can cause hair loss . Please do n't scratch . It aggravates the problem.I always wanted to know the causes of dandruff . Others might be curious . If you are , read the paragraph below.The etiology or cause of dandruff , considered the mildest form of seborrhea dermatitis , is not certain . It is thought Pityrosporum ovale , a lipophilic yeast of the Malassezia genus is involved with the development of dandruff , as well as overproduction of sebum -LRB- skin oil -RRB- . Basically your skin is irritated by the presence of yeast on your scalp and over production of skin oils , which results in dandruff . Anti-fungal shampoos alleviate dandruff by reducing yeast on the scalp.There are several anti-fungal shampoos on the market . I 'll look at three I used and explain their differences with the most effective shampoo first.Nizoral A-D Shampoo - 4 oz10/10 . Nizoral is pretty close to the magical medicine I was looking for to treat my dandruff . Seriously , this stuff works wonders . Be sure to leave it on for at least 3-5 minutes . At the beginning my derm friend said 5-7 minutes . You may experience slight irritation the first few times you use it , but your skin will adjust . How is Nizoral different/more effective ? Nizoral has an active ingredient unique to this shampoo called Ketoconazole . Derm friend said the makers of this shampoo treat dandruff as a yeast growth problem . Ketoconazole is a synthetic anti-fungal ingredient that kills fungi and yeasts by destroying their cell membranes . Less yeast -- > less irritated skin -- > less dandruff . Studies have proven Ketoconazole also provides slight increases in hair density and growth . This shampoo is more expensive because of its active ingredient Ketoconazole , but believe me ; the price is worth getting rid of dandruff.Head & Shoulders Hair Endurance for Men Pyrithione Zinc Dandruff Shampoo plus Conditioner , 23.7-Ounce Bottles -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- 7/10 . This shampoo helped reduce my dandruff , but I still had occasional flakes . If I did n't use Head & Shoulders for a wash , my hair would start to itch and I 'd get flakes again . This shampoo uses zinc pyrithione which heals the scalp and reduces sebum production to normal levels . I think this shampoo is adequate for mild dandruff , but my case was too severe.Selsun Blue Medicated Maximum Strength Dandruff Shampoo , 11 Ounce5/10 . This shampoo worked okay for me . Active ingredient is selenium sulfide which decreases yeast levels on the scalp . After a few days of use my skin remained red , although scalp scaling decreased significantly . After a few weeks of use my dandruff was virtually gone . However , I experienced the worst side effect possible . My hair started falling out more than the usual rate . I discontinued use and my dandruff returned.I think a cocktail ofNizoral A-D Shampoo - 4 ozandHead & Shoulders Hair Endurance for Men Pyrithione Zinc Dandruff Shampoo plus Conditioner , 23.7-Ounce Bottles -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- may be the best route . I personally use the two shampoos mentioned above andJASON Natural Cosmetics Shampoo , Tea Tree Oil Hair & Scalp Therapy - 17.5 fl oz . Make sure you wash daily or every other day . If you 're hair starts getting dry , buy a conditioner that heavily moisturizes .
 I dont use this product for dandruff so I ca n't comment in terms of that , but it is the only one that helps relieve my scalp itching and I have tried everything that is labeled for itchy scalp . I use it once a every week and my scalp never bothers me . -LRB- I swear I have the itchiest scalp out there . -RRB- If I do n't use this my scalp NEVER stops itching .
 This is the best dandruff shampoo out there . With any other shampoo , I 'm scratching my head in 2 days , which means I 'll need to use more . With Nizoral it takes about a good 6 - 7 days before I have an itch , with hair washing .
 This is the only anti-dandruff shampoo that I 'm not allergic to and that consistently and reliably works . I wish I could find it in stores . In the mean time , I fork over an exorbitant amount for a small bottle -- which still lasts me a long time . I do n't need to use it every shampoo , fortunately , after the first few times , and it keeps the itching under control . I 'm not proud to have dandruff . But this stuff works !
 Gave it 5 Stars because : A . It worksB . smells greatC . Fast shipment and great value for moneyD . It makes my other half wash his hair more oftenAll in all , there 's a reason this product gets high reviews , and that is because nothing else compares !
 I have used other dandruff shampoos and I like this best of all.It makes my hair look very nice , too .
 I have tried every product at my local drug store , and have even tried all natural one with tea tree and other things in it.This is the only product that works for me . What else can I say . It is expensive , but you really do n't need to use much . I wash my hair with a tiny bit of regular shampoo and rinse it out quickly , then I find I only need a little of the nizoral , and I leave it in my hair for 3 - 5 minutes . I have read that all the regular dandruff shampoos should be left on for about 5 minutes as they need time to work , so I do the same with this.I have also read that this might help prevent hair loss and my help with hair growth . Well no luck here in that department , it probably is a myth or only works under certain conditions but would love to hear if that has grown hair for others .
 This shampoo is better that anything on the market . It is strong and it does n't dry out you hair . It works throughout the day and leaves your scalp moisturized . I recommend this shampoo to anyone looking for a great anti-dandruff shampoo .
 the shampoo works well . i used it for my infant 's cradle cap and it made the condition better with continued use .
 Very good product but wanted it in larger size , 12 ozUse it for many years ... Eliminates dandruff quite well
 I have been using this product since 10 years ago whenever I havd dandruff issue.It is fairly reliable . Smell is fine too . Recommended for people with dandruff .
 Nizoral A-D ShampooWorks better than anything else . Firt time used Nizoral about 10 or more years ago in Europe . Then relocated to US and tried some other heavily advertized solutions , none of them worked . I was happy to find that Nizoral is available at Amazon and immediately ordered a bottle . After just one treatment I am back to normal life again !
 During the winter time , my scalp gets dry , flakey , & itchy . I have tried different dandruff shampoos that would temporarily work and because my hair is pretty long I end up going through the bottle within 2 weeks . Not only that some of the dandruff shampoos would sometimes burn my scalp ... not a favorable feeling . Nizoral really does work . I noticed a difference with the 2nd use . Major plus , this shampoo lathers very well so I do n't have to squirt a load each use .
 I 've tried a number of over-the-counter dandruff shampoos , and Nizoral is the only one that works for me . I get significant itching and flaking twice a year when the weather changes , and Nizoral has the problem totally solved within 3-4 uses .
 A few years ago I had a problem with a fungal problem on my scalp that the doctor said can periodically come back . After having this problem I wanted to see if there was a cream with ketaconazole in it that I could get over the counter in case the problem came back and a Pharmecist showed me the Nizoral A-D 1 % shampoo that I could get over the counter . Since then I have been using it all the time and think it works great . The only problem now is that lately I have n't been able to get it anywhere locally so it looks like I am going to have to order from Amazon .
 I have a very bad skin condition in my scalp and if I do not use Nizoral it moves to my face , I have found that this product works great . One of the reasons that I had to use Amazon is that there is a supply problem right now from the factory being moved and I can not find Nizoral in any store . I looked there is none out there except Amazon .
 I have used Nizoral OTC twice a week for 15 plus years and it controls dandruff well - if your dandruff is caused by a fungal agent this usually works . If it does not work for you , probably that means your dandruff is caused by other factors -LRB- see a doctor -RRB- . I usually buy several bottles at the drug store and had just run out of my supply -LRB- lasted about 4 months -RRB- . All the stores are out of supply and do n't know when they will get it in - J&J ; has messed up yet again . I just ordered the 2 % version from a UK pharmacy thru amazon . 2 100ML bottles -LRB- about 7 oz total -RRB- for $ 24 with free shipping . Reviewers say it is good stuff . Once I try it , I will update this review . Usually with stronger mix , it can be used less often.I also have a dog and though I am not going to try this on myself -LRB- not yet anyway -RRB- , there are numerous ketaconazole shampoos available at reasonable cost for dogs . They usually also contain an anti bacterial agent -LRB- chlorhexidine -RRB- and are effective on various canine skin conditions including fungal ones . Check with a doctor first , as chlorhexidine can be very irritating to skin and eyes , etc. . The bottle labels clearly state it is for animal use only - but your doctor may know if it is safe for human use .
 Here you can get the 4-oz bottle for $ 50 . The 7-oz bottle is selling at a Walmart for about $ 15 . I just picked up one on May 13 , 2012 , in Rosemead , California.I googled `` Nizoral AD '' five minutes ago . I got over a dozen hits , stores selling the 7-oz bottle for between $ 15 to $ 18 .
 My teenage son has had severe dandruff issues and after trying several of the OTC brands -LRB- ie . Selsum , Head & Shoulders , etc -RRB- that were not effective I finally did some research . Seems that dandruff can be caused from several things , one of those things is a fungal infection of the scalp . Nizoral was described as being one of the only broad spectrum medicated shampoos available w/o prescription . I have to say , it 's worked like a charm ! When my son 's dandruff came back , I again tried the usual brands to no avail so back to the pricier Nizoral but soooo worth the extra money in that it works fast . I appreciate that you can use it with other shampoos on a 2-3 times a week basis
 I must say that it is my fault that I got ripped off . My wife normally does all the shopping so I have no idea what items cost . When I ordered the Nizoral it was because my wife had searched the grocery stores and pharmacies but could not find the product . So I ordered it . It was n't until it arrived that my wife questioned the purchase . She said she normally pays less that $ 15 for 4oz . Therefore , I belive I was ripped off because i paid $ 32.99 for 4oz . Next time I will let my wife opine on the price or stop shopping at Amazon .
 I been useing Nizoral A-D Shampoo for 2 weeks now and I seem have more hair .
 this is the best shampoo for dry scalp , dandruff or other skin issues with the scalp ... it 's also very silky/creamy and does n't have an unpleasant odor
 I was having troublr locating this shampoo locally . I took a chance on Amazon havong it and was plesantly surprised that they did . I have been using this product for several years and have been and still quite pleased that it really does control my dandruff . The delivery of the product was about 4 days earlier than promised . As usual , I had another satisfying experience with Amazon .
 I 've used it for a long time . it works well and causes no apparent harm . It is unscented , and cleans hair well .
 It works like magic , Plus guys you should know that Ketaconazol has ANTI-ANDROGENIC EFFECT , which is great if it is use topically to decrease hair fall ,
 I had tried salicylic , coal tar , and selenium sulfide . I even tried cutting my hair short and using lotion . Then when I was in the Philippines I went to a dermatologist , she suggested using this twice a week and salicylic for the rest of the week . It was gone after the first treatment using Nizoral . I recently ran out however and came here to buy more . It was $ 8 in the Philippines , $ 40 is ridiculous .
 I have been suffering with Seborrheic dermatitis for 15 years and have had mixed results with other brands using different active ingredients . The active ingredient in this product cleared up my scalp from scaling and itching within 3 days . I know results can vary with individuals , but so far I am very impressed . Use as directed about twice a week does the job . I think a good practice of changing products every few months as I researched would be wise , but I am really enjoying the present time of a clear non-itching scalp .
 My dermatologist recommended this product as a facial cleanser when my allergies get really crazy . It is a great product , but hard to find ! Worth every penny !
 This stuff is the real deal . I 've been using it for a while now and i can say it definitely works !
 My friend recommended it . It works perfectly . The best A-D Shampoo compared to HS and Herbal Shampoos . It is bit costly but a good one .
 Nitzoral has worked great for me for a couple of years now , but with the shortage I looked for another alternative , and I think I found one . It 's called RegenePure DR. It says on their website that it has Ketoconazole in it 's ingredients , so I think I 'm going to try it . Plus a 9oz bottle is only $ 25 compared to over $ 50 for a 7oz bottle from some of the jerks selling it on Amazon . I 'm currently trying to find out how much Ketoconazole is in this product so I can compare it to Nitzoral -LRB- which is 1 % non-prescription -RRB- . When I get my bottle of RegenePure DR , I 'll update this review to say how well it works . I 'm still hoping Nitzoral is made again because I 've really enjoyed their product . Here is RegenePure 's website . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My dog had suffered itching for two years he is only 3 , my vet insists that he is allergic.We tried all kinds of allergy solutions to no avail . My poor dog suffers terribly.Someone just mentioned yeast infection to me and I ran out and bought this product.I gave him a good long shampoo and he actually liked it . He smells so good too . I was amazed at the outcome.Normally he would me scratching himself to distraction and I would be sitting here getting all upset for him . Instead he is laying next to my leg snoozing and very happy , he has scratched only about three times since the shampooing.I was not expecting a miracle but this is close enough for me . I know I will have to shampoo him regularly but that is fine with me as long as he is happy.BTW , I bought this OTC from a local drugstore chain , for $ 11.49 for 4 oz .
 I have used this shampoo for two weeks and it seems to be working fine . It cleared out the scalp pretty well and hopefully in the coming weeks it will get even better . If it makes your scalp dry - it has not in my case - use it every other time you wash your hair . Some people do it every day and I definitely do not recommend doing that , with this shampoo or with something else.The shampoo scent itself is bearable . Its not as pleasing as the scent of shampoos like Pantene but for a medical product it is all fine . The only thing I did not like is the price , and of course , even the 7 oz . bottle is pretty small . The shampoo itself can make a lot of foam . Since the substance is less jelly-like than the regular products , be careful when using , it comes out of the bottle very easily .
 I had tried many other products for dandruff , Head & Shoulders,T-Gel . . etc.This is the only product that has worked for me.No more embarrassing flakes!If regular dandruff shampoos arent working . . Try this one!The cost is a little higher , but think of the cost of seeing a skin doc . . Or getting a prescription!It s worth spending 10-15 $ !
 Expensive ? Yes , but you get what you pay for . If this does n't clear your scalp , you need a doctor .
 I have used both the prescription strength and OTC recently for a skin problem.It works.Upon doing additional research I found that it may help re-growhair on the familiar male pattern baldness area.After about a month on the prescription strength I have noticeda difference in this area as well . Following the directions I leave it onfor about 5 minutes before rinsing off . Using it occasionally .
 I fought dandruff for years with no solution in sight . Itching and flaking . BUT NO MORE . Through a recommendation by a friend I was turned on to Nizoral . I ordered the 2 % about a year ago and use it only once per week . I do n't know how but I ordered without a prescription . It seems a prescription is needed for the 2 % now . I am ready to reorder and will try the 1 % . Many of the reviews I have read say the same results are obtained from either . But if you have suffered with dandruff and ca n't get rid of it , try this . May you be as lucky as the rest of us .
 Surprised this stuff does not get more hype . I Had severe flaking for years and tried almost every dry scalp/dandruff product out there . This is the only thing that worked and it works like a charm . Noticeable difference after first application . Symptoms completely gone after a couple of days . This stuff is this shizzle .
 It has a very strong , organic scent but it works wonders for the skin . I put it on my face every morning before my makeup . Love it .
 I first tried this product when I was handed a sample at a health store 6 months ago and loved it . So I bought it once and then again ! -LRB- 1 2 oz tub lasts me about 3 months -RRB- I have adult acne for the last 3 years which is being treated with rather harsh prescriptions . My skin was looking dry and dull . The only moisturizer working for me was the Aveeno , but I needed to keep re-applying because my skin was drying out so much.Now I have completely switched to the Derma-E skin recovery - It substitutes for my moisturizer and I only need to apply it after I wash my face.My skin looks much improved - soft and has started to glow !! It is also helping my acne spots fade faster .
 This is a very nice eye gel . I 've tried many and at the moment I am using this one . The price is great too . I have oily skin and tend to break out , so I have to be careful what I use . Sometimes heavy eye creams can cause whiteheads and blackheads , but this is light yet a very good moisturizer . I recommend it .
 I also really enjoyed this eye cream . It does n't sting or have an irritating aroma . It dries pretty quickly and feels like it is decreasing puffiness along with firming up the area . I have no idea what the long term effects are since I 've only been using it for a couple months . However , this is the best eye cream I 've used yet and I 've already tried the $ 55 a jar stuff and it does n't work any better than this .
 I used this product long time ago , i bought it from Jordan !! Now i live in Georgia and i can not find it here , so i ordered it by amazon ! I used it because i had some dark lines under my eyes , and derma e eye gel was very helpful , the dark lines desappered , and my skin became very smooth and lovely . Now I have this dark lines again , so i am very impatient to receive my purchase ! thanks amazon and thanks alot derma e , I love your products !
 I have done quite a lot of research before buying this product . Boy , you ca n't believe how few choices there are in the market ... almost all eye gel has something to do with wrinkles . This is an eye gel -LRB- by the way , eye gel is much better than eye cream -RRB- that does n't feel sticky while moisturing and refreshing . It 's cheaper than other common brandname eye products . The only thing I wish is it has a greater help on reducing my eye puffiness .
 I was pleased to receive my order of two containers of 0.5 oz pycnogenol eye gel from this Amazon seller in a prompt manner . I thought from the picture of the item that I would receive the glass containers , but instead received plastic tubes containing the same product . I strongly prefer the glass for personal ascetic reasons , but the product is the same , but I do think the picture should be changed to accurately represent the packaging .
 My skin is oily and this product soothes it and replenishes it without making me break out . Love it ! I have been using it for about three months . Highly recommend it !
 As with many brands of moisturizers , it helps to go easy on the application . This product will get tacky if you use too much , so it might take some experimentation.Living in an arid climate , this might not have enough moisture for winter time . In the warmer months , so far so good.I do n't think it 's contributed to my hormonal acne , and it helps a bit with the scarring . As far as the anti aging qualities , I 'm not sure , as I use Differin for acne , and that helps plump fine lines .
 I just purchased this product and LOVE IT !!!! I am 37 but still have oily skin that breaks out easily and gets irritated easily too . I also have some dehydration on cheeks and fine lines around eyes and forehead . This product is light , almost watery in its texture but makes my skin feel smooth and hydrated but not greasy at all . Ive been using it after applying the Derma E Beauty AHA Beauty Fluid and they go great together . This is a great product , much better than ANY Department store or private salon product I have ever used , especially considering the price.IF you have skin like mine , then you wont be disappointed .
 I have oily skin , so can not use the regular greasy moisturizers . This stuff is wonderful - no grease , very light and refreshing , easy to put on right after washing up or a shower . I have used it for a year or more . When I stopped using it for a couple of months my skin definitely looked older - I am forty-six . Most of the time people think I am quite a bit younger.Highly recommend anything by Derma-E - they make wonderful products .
 I have aging , sensitive , somewhat oily skin -LRB- T-Zone -RRB- and most day moisturizers are to heavy and aggravate my skin and I break out . Derma e Pycnogenol Moisturizing Gel is the BEST moisturizer I have found for daily use -LRB- for night , I use a different Derma e product -RRB- . It is light , it absorbs quickly and with regular use , skin surface improves - skin becomes clearer , firmer and more radiant .
 For more than two years , I had horribly dry skin on my face . Seriously , ridiculously dry skin . I would scrub dry flakes off and within a day or two , they 'd be back . I tried moisturizers from the grocery store and very expensive , high-end moisturizers . They helped only slightly , and nothing made the flaking dry skin actually go away . I do n't know how this stuff works so well , but it completely healed my dry skin . I do n't have dry flakes at all anymore ! Even if I skip a couple of days of use , my skin is still ok . I also have melasma , which is why I bought this to begin with . I only use it once a day , and although I would say there is a slight improvement in tone , it has not cured the melasma . But the vast improvement in my dry skin and skin texture has made me a dedicated user .
 I have sensitive , acne prone and dehydrated skin -- meaning I lack water and not oil . So oil free is perfect . I have been using this gel moisturizer for about a month now.The Pros for me :1 . Pycnogenol gel blends wonderfully with my BB creams -LRB- or tinted moisturizers -RRB- to give added hydration and makes the products much easier to apply . This was a nice surprise . The gel seems to just melt into my skin .2 . Gives my skin a glow , especially under the eyes and when mixed with toner . It does n't help to tighten the skin , but my upper lids and under the eyes feel wonderfully hydrated without the heaviness of other creams .3 . It makes a good moisture mask or skin pick me up . Apply liberally and then rinse lightly with cool water and let skin dry on it 's own -LRB- A tip from an esthetician -RRB- .4 . Works great after a moderate peel or exfoliation.The Cons I found :1 . The gel can leave you looking and feeling a little sticky if you use it too much on it 's own . If I blend it in after applying toner , it looks a little less sticky . Basically , if I blend this gel with other products -- I get better looking results .2 . The gel comes in a jar , which means you add bacteria every time you put your finger in it . And I wash my hands . Not sure why companies still package this way after all the research .3 . I went through my jar very quickly . So not as cost effective as I 'd like .4 . I break out sporadically and sometimes it 's severe . I can not tell if this gel is blocking my pores , but I still break out in patches and have a lot of congestion . This is the biggest possible con . -LRB- When I use proper exfoliation and light peels etc. my skin improves . So perhaps I need to be more vigilant with my overall skin care routine and can continue with the gel . -RRB- Overall , I have had good results as described and love that this is a more natural , earth and animal friendly product .
 Love this product ! For people with oily skin , it is an excellent moisturizer without the greasy feeling . It absorbs very quickly and makes your face feel hydrated . It has good ratings on the environmental working group scale of safety for both yourself and the environment . I have tried many of the products and love the line of skin care .
 I 'm very pleased with this product . In the cold winter months my skin tends to get drier to the point that it sometimes gets flaky . The problem is I also have to watch it because my skin usually is oily and acne prone . I ca n't just apply any old moisturizer , because if I do I break out . But this moisturizer feels like your skin is soaking it up . I noticed it immediately with the first application . It 's very light in texture , light smell to almost none at all . No greasy feel either . I use this in combination with the green tea eye gel and really like it . I recommend it .
 I got this item because of the noticeable spider veins under my eyes . So far , they are wayyyy less noticeable . This is well worth the money for me . I was about to start wearing make-up to cover the spider veins on my face but I believe this is way better for my skin , and works well for me . I put it on about 4 times a day so far , I plan to slow down once these veins disappear completely . I dont know how it works , maybe its just covering my veins up , I dont really care as long as I dont see them anymore .
 I had an allergic reaction to a certain food I ate , and broke out with a few sores on my back . Instead if using sn acne cream , I used the T-gel . Oh my goodness , in just one wash in the shower using this Tge open sired had already developed a full scab over it . It is anazing how fast the healing process is . Now bear in mind , you have to let the scab heal , do not pick or you are back where you started . Continue tobusebtge tgel and the sire will shrink and completely heal . I swear on it ... it heals sores on the first wash .
 The product arrived fast , in fact in 2 days . Well packed and for a great price .
 I went to the dermatologist because of dandruff . She suggested trying a variety of shampoos . I liked the dermatolgists suggestion . Try a variety of shampoos until you find one that works if you have dandruff . T-Gel worked . It 's now the only one I use . It may not work for everyone .
 This guy has some hair on his head , as well as the usual amount of skin . Some parts of his head have more skin than hair . His skin sweats and gets oily . Sometimes big flakes of dead skin appear on his head , too . Then they itch , so he scratches them and they fall off . They fall onto things around him , like his shirt , or me . Now , he 's really a pretty civilized guy , so he understands that glistening , oily head skin , and falling chunks of dead head skin are icky . So he washes his head in the shower.In addition to being a civilized guy , he 's a sensitive guy . Always has been . Including his skin . He figured out pretty early -LRB- being a smart guy , too -RRB- that when he washed with simple things like Ivory soap , he felt ok , but fancy soaps with stuff like `` deodorant '' or `` fragrance '' or `` moisturizers '' resulted in his skin being itchy and having irritated , red bumps all over . But despite being civilized , and sensitive , and smart , he is still a guy . Which means that when he takes a shower he uses hot water , and whatever product is within reach.I 'm his wife , and somehow I 've become the one who 's responsible for selecting and buying stuff for the household . I buy simple , pure stuff for washing our bodies , and his sensitive skin is happy , but still the chunks of dead skin persist in appearing on his head , and itching like mad , and falling off . So I bring home all sorts of various products which claim to deal with such grossness . Many different products . And this is the only one that both works -LRB- !!! No chunks of falling skin , no itching head , when used regularly !!! -RRB- and does n't make his sensitive skin get angry.Now , when this product gets vaporized by the billowing clouds of steam resulting from his preferred temperature and duration of showering , the smell makes me gag . Worse than when fresh tar is being spread on the pavement on a hot , humid day and you 're stuck in traffic next to it , with the car windows open because the air conditioner stopped working . But once the air clears and his head is dry , not so bad . Really quite tolerable.tl ; dr
 Very effective to clear up dry scalp . I use every couple of days and that seems to do the trick .
 I can not believe how well this product has worked for me . I had a dry scalp for years , but every shampoo that I tried seemed to have little effect . Within a week of using this product , I noticed a big difference in my scalp . I was n't constantly itchy , and the dandruff that seemed to always be falling from my hair had stopped . The smell is different , but nothing unmanagable . What a great product !
 This shampoo solved my husband 's dandruff problem . I will use it if I feel I have an itchy scalp after a workout ... I noticed it smelled the same as my dog 's medicated shampoo ; I read the ingredients and compared it as very similar . I started using it on my elderly lab instead of the pet version and got the same results and saved money ...
 I have had problems with dry scalp since my first pregnancy ... i tried different shampoos and diets ... then i learned that every young adult goes through the same thing because of skin changes , so on ... so i decided to try this product ... it has really helped me out ... i recommend it to anyone ... it is gentle enough to use twice per day . . like myself ... but strong enough to make a difference . Amazon has excellent customer service ... and excellent delivery time ... . to bad not all the products on amazon are directly from and only from amazon ...
 I 've had problems with my scalp for years ; this shampoo is the only one I 've found that clears it up completely.Why is this not a 5 ? It does n't smell nice , and I figured someone else might not like it . Personally , I 'd much rather a smell when I wash my hair than excessive dandruff .
 Been using this stuff for years ! Keeps the hair and scalp nice and clean and healthy . Has kept my dandruff under control for over 15 years .
 I have been using this for two weeks , and it has succeeded where * many * other products for dry scalp have failed . The bottle says to leave it on for over 3 minutes , so I do . I initially used it twice a day , but now only in the AM . The smell is strong , and it has a &#34; medicinal &#34; quality . I do n't think it 's bad in any way , but it 's definitely not a &#34; fragrance &#34; from a typical hair product .
 Muy buen producto y entrega a tiempo , lo recomiendo , calidad y servicio , very good , excelente . .
 I have been struggling with scalp issues since I was a child , and T Gel is the only thing that heals and prevents itching and redness . I love that it is offered through Subscribe and Save - much cheaper than the store and I 'll never run out !
 The truth is that I ordered it through Amazon to get my shipping up to the &#34; free shipping &#34; rate . I use T-Gel regularly , and it happened to be priced cheaper than my local pharmacy . Seemed to be a win-win situation for me !
 As a young woman who has lost a lot of hair due to thyroid problems , I have tried a few products with mixed success . This product is n't even marketed towards hair loss but I gave it a try ... and it actually works ! I started with the extra strength shampoo but switched to regular -LRB- less stinky , still effective -RRB- . My hair loss stopped completely and even started growing back ! The shampoo does smell awful , but it works ! I just rinse really well and use a lot of shampoo . It leaves my hair soft , clean , and shiny . I will definitely keep using this product !
 I would recommend this product to friends and family . The cap seals well and is easy to use . I would not recommend if small children can get to them .
 And this is a huge bottle , so it is a good deal relative to what you pay at the local store .
 This stuff really works !! I just used it one time and the difference was immediate . I literally feel as I have a new scalp now !
 I have used many different shampoos to handle a few spots of psoriasis on my head but I always come back to Neutrogena coal tar -LRB- T-Gel -RRB- shampoo .
 I have used this product for years whenever my scalp starts to get flaky , and it does the trick . I usually use it on an every other day basis .
 I 've used Head & Shoulder and Selsun Blue , but they did nothing for my itchy scalp . The Neutrogena shampoo is awesome . After about a week , the itchiness went away . This is the only shampoo I use now . I use it daily in the morning and sometimes at night . No more dandruff and itchy scalp !
 The product is excellent , no news for me since I have been using it for over a decade now , but the packaging was n't good and as a result some shampoo spilled from one of the 2 bottles . The bottle was not closely all the way down .
 Got these for a friend and he is very thankful . Thanks for the discount .
 i use it daily and i dont have dandruff now . i have been using it for over couple of yrs . its safe ! but i guess walmart priced it even lower .
 I had been using Head and Shoulders for as long as I can remember and have had a dry scaly scalp along with it . My doctor recommended using T Gel . I 've been using it now for a couple of months and guess what ? - my scalp is not dry anymore . It 's healthy and it feels very sexy .
 Please do not demand too many words . A quite few are sufficient . The product T Gel is a wonderful medicinal champoo against seborreic dandruff . I use regurlarly
 If your scalp is itchy , T/Gel is worth a try for as long as you are willing to keep using it for a few months . It worked for me but there were no ` instant ' improvements . In my case the itchiness went away VERY slowly but , 3 months later , it 's 99 % gone.I 'm not sure what the exact problem my scalp had but it was itchy like ... you know what . It began about one year ago and I could n't stop myself from scratching which , of course , ensured that my scalp stayed itchy and irritated . Discussing the problem with our good family doctor back in October or November -LRB- 7-8 months ago -RRB- did not help much . He had nothing to prescribe but suggested that I massage my scalp with cortisone cream - messy because I have a fully head of hair and I am not planning to shave it - and predicting that the itchiness will get worse in the winter . -LRB- Thank you doc ! -RRB- To make the story short , a couple of months ago I stumbled upon a bottle of T/Gel left over from the time I used it -LRB- effectively -RRB- to address a dandruff problem and decided to give it a try . The box claims that this is ` effective from the first use ' . It 's not . My scalp was still itchy one month later but maybe not as much . And ... a couple of weeks ago I just noticed - I was n't scratching or massaging my head any more . The itch was largely gone.I ca n't say that the T/Gel cured me and it 's quite possible that the itchiness would come back if I stopped using it . Maybe I will experiment with that in a couple of months but , at this time , I am content and happy to have it at least under control with one weekly T/Gel use . Yes , it smells a little funny but if you use it before going to bed the smell should be gone by morning.The product deserves my 5 stars because it worked for me . It 's possible that it does n't work for everyone but I ca n't see how trying it would hurt . ____________________________________ NOTE
 My hair dresser has asked me to use this prodcut for years and it helps you keep your hair clean . It takes out the build up from gel and hairspray . This place was one of the cheapest places I could buy it from since Costco no longer carries it .
 My husband has exema and swears by this product , he has used it for years .
 This t/gel original formula really works , at least for me . My hair gets washed everyday since I take a shower every morning before I leave for work but once in a while I end up having problems with dandruff . I 'm always around people so it can be very embarrassing when I 'm having dandruff issues . I figured it was less than $ 7 -LRB- well , more with tax -RRB- so I thought why not . It 's the best money I 've ever spent on anything . I came home from work , jumped in the shower and followed the instructions - wet hair , lather , leave on -LRB- I left it on for 5 minutes -RRB- , then thoroughly rinse . Then I repeated the same process . I came out of the shower and my scalp was as clear as ever - and this was my first use -LRB- 7-5-2011 -RRB- . I can only imagine if I use this regularly how clean my scalp would be . I 've read other comments about the smell but it 's not really that bad the way people make it sound like . Frankly , I 'll take the smell over dandruff if you asked me .
 If you have severe seborrheic dermatitis or scalp psoriasis than this product is not nearly strong enough to satisfy and calm the scalp -LRB- get the extra - strength -RRB- , but if you just have some dandruff problems or less severe scalp dermatitis or psoriasis this should work very well .
 I 've been using Neutrogena T-Gel for a few years now , and there 's a reason why I keep coming back to the brown shampoo in the clear bottle with a lavender cap . It works , plain and simple . Other reviewers here complain about T-Gel 's smell , but I actually prefer it to overly fruity or heavily-perfumed fragrances of other shampoos.I find this product to be particularly useful in the fall and winter months , as that is when it gets really cold outside and my skin dries up . This shampoo , if used as directed , will minimize the appearance of scalp flaking -LRB- unless you have a crazy serious skin condition . -RRB- But for the average person like me , this stuff works very well , and I do n't even need to apply it every single day . I usually alternate between T-Gel and my regular shampoo , which really helps the bottle last a long time . I bought a 16oz bottle close to a year ago , and I 've still got ~ 1/4 of the bottle left .
 If you have ANY type of scalp product , this is the shampoo to use , it really helps get rid of dandruff and th ' r scalp problems , ? ve sed t?is for manears . It costs as lttle more , but goes a long way
 This may be a 5-star product compared to everything else out there . However , it does not cure the sensitive scalp so I can only give it 4 stars . Also it smells like hell . But that goes away after the shower . It will give you relief from symptoms which is more than anything else can do ! I already ordered a huge new bottle .
 I have pretty severe seborrheic dermatitis that causes my hair to fall out in clumps if not maintained caused by a shampoo that I used for a while . I became really frustrated because I was using two types of expensive shampoos prescribed by the dermatologist and my hair continued falling out . My brother had been using this and I just started using it on a whim out of pure frustration . After the very first use , my scalp felt more clean and refreshed than it had in a very long time . After a couple of weeks the dermatitis had cleared up , the itching stopped , and my hair slowly but surely stopped falling out . I still have to use it in times of stress -LRB- which causes the scalp condition to break out again -RRB- and once a week on a normal basis just to maintain it but this is SO worth it . I do n't know what people are complaining about the smell , it 's honestly not that bad . I kind of like it to be honest , it smells clean .
 I 've been using this shampoo for years and anytime I try switching to something else I regret it . This shampoo keeps my scalp in good condition and my hair healthy .
 This product eliminates my dandruff problem without leaving behind any noxious scent or film on my hair . I 've used it for nearly 30 years , and recommend it whenever anyone asks .
 if you have oily scalp , this shampoo is perfect -LRB- at least until oil builds back up in a few hours -RRB- Some people dont like the light scent ; I personally like it.It doesnt make your hair feel gunky or creamy like some shampoos -LRB- head and shoulders -RRB- You can feel and touch your scalp it gets nice and dry after rinsing out.Good value now that costco has discountinued , I approve this product .
 I love Neutrogena 's T/Gel & T/Sal Products . I have been using the original T/Gel since the early 90s . Back then I developed a spot of what appears to be Psoriasis . I contributed it to the large amounts of hairspray that I used back then . Even though I have since stopped using hairspray I still have the Psoriasis . Nothing over the counter will help but T/Gel . I have switched back to the fruity scents a few times , but have always had to come back to T/Gel . The smell was an issue for me at first too , But this product really works . The smell fades after your hair dries and is n't so bad . I have come to like the smell as well .
 I know it 's not cheap - but it does exactly what it says it 's going to do . It does n't smell great , but who cares . I would n't waste my time using any other product .
 If your scalp is itchy T/Gel is worth a try for as long as you are willing to keep using it for a few months . It worked for me but there were no ` instant ' improvements . In my case the itchiness went away VERY slowly but , 3 months later , it 's 99 % gone.I 'm not sure what the exact problem my scalp had the itchiness refused to go away . It was so bad , I could n't stop myself from scratching which , of course , ensured that my scalp stayed itchy and irritated . Discussing the problem with our good family doctor did not help much . He had nothing to prescribe but suggested that I massage my scalp with cortisone cream - messy because I have a full head of hair and I am not planning to shave it - and predicting that the itchiness will get worse in the winter . -LRB- Thank you doc ! -RRB- To make the story short , I stumbled upon a bottle of T/Gel left over from the time I used it -LRB- effectively -RRB- to address a dandruff problem and decided to give it a try . The box claims that this is ` effective from the first use ' . It 's not . My scalp was still itchy one month later but not as much . And ... as weeks went by I noticed that I was n't scratching or massaging my head as much and the itch was largely gone now.I ca n't say that the T/Gel cured me and it 's quite possible that the itchiness would come back if I stopped using it . Maybe I will experiment with that in a couple of months but , at this time , I am content and happy to have it at least under control with one weekly T/Gel use . Yes , it smells a little funny but if you use it before going to bed the smell should be gone by morning.The product deserves my 5 stars because it worked for me . It 's possible that it does n't work for everyone but I ca n't see how trying it would hurt . ____________________________________ NOTE
 Mainly wanted it for its anti-dandruff properties . My hair-dandruff has reduced . Too early to comment on the real impact , only determined after using it regularly for a couple of months . I have not lost any hair after/while using this shampoo -LRB- as claimed by some reviewers -RRB-
 As the title says , this is the best shampoo for controlling dandruff ever . One thing I did not like too much is the fact that the smell is pretty strong and at times unpleasant . If you wash your hair right before going to bed , then the smell will disappear by morning . Like many people out there , I had HUGE problem with dandruff . I could not wear anything black because you would notice white dots all over it . I was very embarrassed , but now I feel very confident in the way my hair looks . They did not lie when they said it starts working after first use . I washed my hair about three or four times and the dandruff was almost completely gone . I recommend this for everyone with dandruff . I am in college now and I can say I confident I am that my hair looks good .
 New and sealed as described , quick shipment and pleasant surprise for my wife who was looking for this discontinued product .
 My hair stylist recommended this , it works great on chemically damaged hair like mine . It has nice grape fruit scent , which i really love .
 I thought I was going bald until I saw this mentioned on The Doctors . I gave it a try but left it in instead of rinsing it out . After my hair had a chance to grow out I was so pleased to see I have soft curles more body and no tangles . The next day when I shower I do n't shampoo just rinse Phytojoba out . Then I towel dry and use it again . I find I only need to shampoo every three days and use a sulfate free shampoo .
 I have thick , curly hair and when I 'm with my family in Greece during the summers , the combination of Mediterranean sun and salt at the beach makes my hair a dry , frizzy , impossible-to-untangle mess . In desperation , I tried this mask and left it in for a while ... when I washed it out , my hair had gone from a dry chunk of frizz to lusciously smooth and soft and silky ... what a lifesaver!Most people probably wo n't want to use this every day -LRB- it 's a bit expensive -RRB- , but for a hair emergency , it can work miracles on seriously dry , damaged hair .
 Compared to other masks , I found this to be better in terms of value , cleanliness and ease of use . The first time I used this , the effect was immediate . The longer it stays in , the better . My hair is nice , silky and texture is greatly improved afterward . Using this in combination with other Phyto products has really improved the quality of my hair . Will buy again .
 I use this product and it 's great for your hair . It leaves it feeling hydrated and sliky smooth . Awesome product !
 This is a great product ! It tames my frizzy hair and leaves it soft and shiny . It is worth the price !
 For when you want a little more glow this is a great idea . It 's different from other make-up bases as it gives a slightly luminescent look to the skin . It 's not shiny but very subtle . Not a high impact . For cheeks I like Channel 's highlighter in the compact because it is super reflective but for the rest of the face the illuminating make-up base is just right . The bottle is a bit on the small side , although you certainly do n't need to use a lot . It also detracts a little through deflection slight imperfections .
 It 's almost impossible for Chanel to mess things up . . Great product and I will purchase this again when I 'm out . : -RRB-
 I love Chanel , every product they have put out . Base Lumiere is amazing and I have used it for years .
 Essie 's Fishnet Stocking is just perfect . It 's red . It 's not glittery , shimmer , or satiny ... it 's just RED . A very refreshing and no nonsense bold crayon-like red . It 's approach to nail color is what I 'm really loving about the Essie line . All Essie colors that I 've tried are darker on your nails than in the bottle ... consistently too . Like most of the other colors , this shade is heavily pigmented . My last 3 manicures were in this color . That 's how much I love it . It 's classic , it 's basic , and it 's not one of those shade you really had to be in a particular mood to wear . Best of all , I can wear it without being constantly reminded of Christmas .
 I got the Essie polish on sale , for the price it looked worth a shot . From the first coat I was impressed , it goes on smoothly and evenly with little effort ! No bubbling or streaking ! Even with two coats , it was perfect!Two coats , a topcoat , and this polish lasted me two whole weeks . I work with my hands a lot and do a lot of typing , so this was pretty phenomenal . For the price point of this polish , I really did n't expect a whole lot.This color looks very red , very bright , in the bottle . I almost did n't get it , but decided what the heck . -LRB- Imagine my surprise to see the color name , I would hope you do n't see this color after . . well ... but anyway -RRB- I am very fair and red normally looks horrible on me for everyday wear , but this color really warmed up my skintone . It looked good on my shorter length nails , too . I expected it to draw attention to the fact that my nails were so short but this is a very rich , deep , living color . It has just enough metallic to not look flat and uninteresting , it gleams ever so slightly as you move your hands . So pretty!The plus side is that I did n't get any staining afterwards , and it was easy to remove . Even with a basecoat red seems to cause problems for my nails but this was easy on , easy off , and I loved it . Great product and I 'm an Essie convert when I want regular polish ! -LRB- You should try gel nails ... but that 's a different review ! -RRB-
 It is the best color I have been looking for a long long time , a little bit peach , and blush , and nude , big love ! High recomend !!!
 I love Essie nail polish ! This review is specifically for `` Aruba Blue . '' `` Mademoiselle '' review is below.This is a dark blue , not navy , but a deep Royal blue . There is shine but no sparkle , and the coverage is amazing . The polish consistency is thin but even , and goes on in thin coats . -LRB- If yours does n't , you might want to get a thinner -RRB- . Two coats is more than enough for deep color , and since it goes on thin you can either use Seche Vite topcoat for bulk or CND Air Dry for thin coverage . Color lasts well , does NOT chip , and there is no streaking past the first coat . This , like all other dark-pigmented polish , will wear off the tips and may mark paper that you are writing on or books you are reading . Applying a second top coat a day or so after polish will help keep the color on your nails and not on your paper.I have noticed that this color will get in between the nail and the flesh on the side of your nail . It stains pretty well so color removal can take a few more cotton balls than is expected . When removing polish the pigment will travel along the remover and can stain under the nail with a dusky blue color . This can and will stain cuticle debris left on nails . A slight buffing after polish removal and scrubbing with soap and a nail brush resolves this problem.Mademoiselle by Essie is perfect for French Manicures . It is rather sheer , no matter what it looks like in the bottle , and WILL streak if you are not careful . As a solid color three coats looks pretty good , but you can still see the tips of your nails if they are long . Over a snow-white french tip this looks beautiful . When someone wants a pale pink , I always recommend this . Remember though , it is NOT opaque , and never will be . -LRB- When will Essie or OPI make an opaque pink like Orly 's `` Kiss the Bride ? '' -RRB-
 The Moonstruck is my favorite neutral Essie color . My order came quick and the polishes were in perfect condition . Definitely look forward to being a regular costumer .
 I have very fair skin and this color looks absolutely great on me . it really stands out and i get a ton of compliments . the color is a little different than the picture shown online but it is still a bright and vibrant color , perfect for summer or if you 're just looking for a quick pick me up to brighten your day .
 This color may not be everyone 's cup of tea - it is super sheer . Essie 's site recommends it for french manicures , but I just use it on it 's own . I was frustrated with opaque polishes because chipping is so obvious , but I wanted something a bit more exciting than clear . Essie No-Prenup fits the bill perfectly ! One or two coats gives your nails a natural , healthy , rosy tint but is sheer enough that mistakes and chipping are not obvious . It 's a clean and simple look . Love , love , love .
 This pink is fantastic with my fair skin tone , although I 'd imagine it 's pretty much universally flattering . One coat gives your nails a super-sheer wash of ballet-slipper pink . If you prefer a more opaque finish , it 's as easy as a few extra coats . The polish dries with a lightly shiny finish - not at all shimmery , but just glossy enough that I did n't need a top coat . Word of advice
 This polish color reminds me of cotton candy with a glitter and sparkle ... it would be a great alternative to use for a french manicure it would be fun ... great seller fast delivery ...
 I 've never been able to find this color except for at the actual nail salon and finally I found it and own it and could n't be happier !! Thank u !!
 I 've tried a lot of Essie colors in this light pink range . This is the best , in my opinion , as it does not turn yellow and has a nice , pearly look with a bit of pink
 This is the perfect red shade of nail polish ... not too red and not too pink . Just that right mix !
 Arrived quickly and in great condition . Perfect white with a little bit of sparkle , but not glitter . Is n't young or silly - very chic , can be worn for work .
 This seller is probably one of the best I 've ever bought from . I ordered the nail polish color Sole Mate , and got it in a very timely manner . Also it was wrapped to where it would n't break.The color is n't actually what I thought it was be . I thought it would be more of a maroon , but it 's more of a purplish plum color . Nonetheless I still love it , and I totally love this buyer . I WILL be buying from them again !!
 This basically gives a &#34; your nails , but better &#34; look - it is a sheer and ladylike pink . Good for everyday or work wear as well as for more formal occasions . Easy to apply , goes on smooth , dries pretty quickly , and reflects the light beautifully . Recommended .
 im not much of a red girl but i saw this and thought it looked nice when i received it and tried it on i fell in love ! it is the perfect red i want to buy ten of them so i never run out !
 It was so easy to find on amazon.com . My manicurist had this color , and I loved it and wanted it for touchups . Sure beats driving all over to find it . Looks better on than in the bottle .
 I found this color to be neutral and elegant with a nice shine . Perfect for professional environment where you ca n't go to crazy with funky nail colors . Need 2 coats to appreciate the color . Also very fast shipping . I would definitely recommend this product !
 Marshmallow is a really common name drop around nail polish blogs , especially when it comes to combining it with glitter and making glitter sandwiches and the like . That 's why I purchased it , and it did n't disappoint . Application is smooth , color is ... delicious and marshmallow looking . . ? Keep in mind it is a jelly and takes several coats to become opaque , but I knew and expected and desired this going in . And Essie , as a more fancy brand than your average drug store polish , still holds a not-too-steep price point .
 I love essie 's nail color Bungle Jungle . It has a great sheen and color goes with many clothes items . Happy with my choice and with the seller.Definitely 5 stars !
 This was a trendy color this summer and I enjoyed it . The color is the same as it looks in the bottle after 2 coats .
 Sand of a Beach is a shimmery neutral that I love to use . I was lucky to find it from an Amazon provider . It is the perfect color for almost any time of year and for any occasion . It arrived carefully packaged and a couple of days earlier than promised ! I would not hesitate to purchase from this provider again .
 I love the color of this nail polish ! It is a beautiful light pink , and it goes with almost anything . The only problem I have had is that it needs about 2 coats , but 2 coats sometimes congeals and gets smudged . I can not figure it out ! But other than that , it is a great polish .
 This is such an amazing color forEveryday wear or a French manicure , so nice that I ALWAYS get compliments on the color even from the folks at the nail salon doing my nails . I wear this color all year long .
 No problems with order . Color is pretty . Picked it by recommendation from Beth Stern . Figured she would know what to choose !
 this order arrived quickly . it was packaged to avoid breakage . included in the package was a recycle bag that can be used for purchases such as groceries . also , included was a sample bottle of Good to Go by essie . i will definitely order from this vendor again .
 I feel the quality of the Essie products are great for the monies . I do have problems finding my favorite colors in the store . I have however been able to find the colors wanted online .
 The color is more coral/orange than I expected , but I am pleased with it nonetheless . Two coats of it will give you full coverage -LRB- unlike other Essie colors . -RRB- Looks good with the high gloss sheen , as well as with the Matte About You top coat .
 When the sun SIZZLES , my toes need to REFLECT IT w / their own SIZZLE . . `` CLICK IT OR TICKET '' BY ESSIE IS THE ANSWER . SORRY TO HEAR IT 'S BEEN DISCONTINUED ... BUT I FOUND IT ON AMAZON & I 'M SO GRATEFUL !! THANKS AMAZON . . ALWAYS A FAN !
 This is my 2nd favorite nail polish color , the first is OPI 's Natasha & Boris . This one is great cause its super light , I would call it a ballerina pink . Looks great with one coat or two .
 This color is beautiful on nails and toes . It goes on easy and looks great for days .
 I fell in love with this color and i HAD to find it!When i finally got it i was so happy!HOWEVER the color is so much more lighter than you see.Even with 2 coats it looks like raspberries . but still cute !
 This is hands down my FAVORITE fall/winter nail color . It is the PERFECT maroon/oxblood/burgundy . Received SO many complements while having this on . . Its a must have : -RRB-
 I was so glad to have been able to find this on Amazon . Essie discontinued it and I love it . I have used two bottles of it over the past several years and am sad to know this one will probably be the last bottle I will be able to find .
 I really like the Essie nail polish line . You get a great polish for the price . I rated this color a 4 only because it is a translucent pink and I wanted more coverage of a light pink then a clear pink . If you like a light pink/clear polish look then this is perfect for you .
 This is a very pretty color that will look great on any skin tone . I honestly bought it because I heard this was the color Kate Middleton wore on her wedding day . I purchased it here because it was cheaper than in stores , and I could n't find it in any stores ! I 'm glad I got this shade that I can wear and I know where I can buy another bottle when I run out of this shade .
 Color reminds me of fuschia a deep rich pink . Color goes on smoothly . It is exactly what I was expecting tried the color in a salon prior to buying . I love Essie products
 I love this color ! I am really glad I decided to get it ! I will purchase more Essie products in the future !
 Beautiful deep rich red color , and such a unique name ! High quality polish , no streaking or chipping . Very satisfied with this brand . Similar quality to other professional polishes like OPI , China Glaze and Zoya !
 This is a gorgeous royal blue . It goes on smooth without streaking . I prefer essie polish to any other brand , I have real nails and others do not last as long w/o chipping . I change my polish once a week , so I do n't know how long you could go before `` having '' to change . I just like to change colors . I do know that after a week of wear there is NO sign of chipping at all . The shine on this is superb , no top coat needed . I would like to thank the seller -LRB- HOUSE OF ACCESSORY -RRB- for wonderful service ! Item arrived on time and packaged so there was no chance of damage during shipment . I have had VERY BAD service from -LRB- NAIL DISCOUNT -RRB- I was not at all pleased with them ! Just a tip ... beware who you buy from !
 I have been searching for a good light pink that does not go on see through and looks professional . And I finally found it . Love this color !
 I ordered this polish in white -LRB- blanc -RRB- . I was worried that like some other white polishes I 've seen that it would end up looking like I 'd put white out on my nails . Or that the color would n't be a true white . But this polish went on very smooth and the color is wonderful . I 've never used Essie before , but I think I 've found a new favorite polish .
 Bordeaux is the perfect dark red nail polish . I often ask for it when having my nails done in a salon . I especially love using it on my toe nails . I was having a problem finding it in drugstores , as it 's an older shade . However I got it easily through Amazon and at a good price , too . For a glam occasion I like to use it on my finger nails . The name conjures up France and sipping a deep red vintage . That 's a good description of Bordeaux .
 This color is a very pretty rose gold metallic color that goes very well with nude clothes and gold accessories . I really like this color and it is most certainly a legitimate Essie Nail polish .
 The polish was nicely packaged and also it came on time . It came as described and the polish was bend new .
 If you are looking for a dense but not glue-y holo polish , then buy this immediately . The formula is incredible , the glitter is packed full of reflection and the bottle glows with rainbows .
 A nice light creamy clear coat . I work as a waitress so having chip free nails is almost impossible ! So I love to wear something shear that does n't show wear and tear too much . Overall a great color .
 This is a light pink shade with an opalescent effect . It is long-wearing and a perfect choice for the base coat of a French manicure . The shade is subtle yet attractive . It 's wonderful for a pedicure as well . The color will work for all skin tones , and small chips are hardly noticeable . It 's the `` go-to '' shade for any occasion . Great color for nails of all lengths . Essie products are known for their quality , but I held back a rating star due to price point .
 Great quality - just as described . FYI - Comes out a little darker on the nails .
 I LOVE Essie ! This is the greatest nail polish ; I can get a full five + days out of my manicure . This color is so great ; it has a little shimmer to give some interest and dimension to red .
 This is a good shade . Its very close to OPIs Vampire State Building from way back when , if not exactly like it . Essie is good polish . Two coats will do yah ...
 the perfect white color i 've been looking for . not too sheer , not too white-out looking . definitely need at least 2 coats , but the finished product is gorgeous and simply classic . bought from the same third party seller i 've purchased most of my nail polish from . no issues . thanks amazon !
 I was so disappointed that my favorite nail color has been discontinued by Essie , and so happy to find it on Amazon ... yay ! The vendor sent it out very promptly , and they arrived in perfect condition !
 I ordered this essie nail colour FED UP its beautiful color I really liked it , I was wearing it at a party my friend gave at his house and he even noticed it and said he really likes the color , and there were guests there the women gave me a lot of compliments too and asked what colour it was and what brand so I told them everything and where they can buy for lower prices , again thank you amazon for great beauty products you carry for lower prices .
 Quick , solid delivery , product is as gorgeous as I was hoping it would be ! I 've come to expect good quality from essie nail polish and this did not disappoint . I kept staring at my nails all day after painting them , lol .
 I bought Essie because I am falling in love with their nail polishes , since they are fast drying and long lasting . However , this one was a little too watery . While I was applying it , a few drops dripped onto the table . I have never experienced this with any other Essie nail polishes . Speaking of the color , its a cream white color , and its usually opaque in 2 coats . Its an okay polish , I would n't re-purchase .
 This polish has a metallic shimmer to it that makes it look really great . This has been my favorite polish color since I got it .
 When I opened the bottle , this looked a little like a brown and I am NOT a brown polish girl . Once I put it on , I was relieved and excited ! Love this color !
 I love this color ! However , the formula of the polish is a little thin and runny . I needed 3 coats to get it opaque , but it looked beautiful .
 Bought this after seeing it won some beauty award and I was looking for a nice neutral pink . It is pretty but it very sheer , like clear nail polished classed up a notch . Pretty , but nothing special . No problems with chipping etc. .
 Essie is the only fingernail polish I use . This is such a beautiful color . I look forward to coming seasons of color .
 I love this polish . The color is a perfect brown and it goes on so smooth . It is well worth the money .
 It 's such a beautiful deep red color that I 've never seen before , 2 coats work great , but if you go for 3 the color is just perfect ! Ecspecially for pale skin ladies ! This color is perfect for fall , and for me , I added glitter to 1/2 of my nail near the cuticles and it just works great for Christmas !!! A must have !
 My local stores were out of this my favorite color . I decided to look on line and i 'm glad I did . I received my polish promptly and I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 This is a deep rich red that you can wear casually and formally as well . It has a creme feel to it .
 This is MY ALL TIME FAVORITE NAIL POLISH . PERIOD . It is such a great color and it looks good with my skin color -LRB- olive -RRB- . I take it with me whenever I go to the nail salon in case they do n't have it . I call it true blood because it kinda reminds me of the show : -RRB-
 * Description from essie.com
 I expected Swing Velvet to be more of a dark pink shimmer but it has a lot of red tones to it . It 's slightly more pink than Thigh High , but the two are very close .
 I love this polish . The color is very subtle , pretty and sophisticated . This polish works well with everything . I ca n't wait to wear it again !
 i love the color . my mom used to wear nail polish like this in her early days and when i got her this she really liked it . Its not a brown colo. its kind of a dark brown with a hint of dark red . really nice !!
 Overall I would rate this 4 stars . The product came intact , wrapped very nicely in bubble-wrap and was not opened or spilled . The color is displayed a little brighter in the picture than it is when you see it in real life . It takes about three coats in order to get the color to show up on your nail and not have your nail show through under the polish .
 This is good , but not as pink as I 'd hoped . It was a little chalkier looking and I ended up using a different Essie color . I had ordered it for my wedding , but have used it other times for different days .
 Awesome Product ! Love the color , love the brand ! Essie is up there as one of the nail polish greats !
 Beautiful pale pink - not too pink - with a hint of gleam . It is n't shimmery but has almost an irredenscent look about it . Only wish Essie still made/sold this color . It is off the shelves and I can only find it online . Also wish Essie would make the shelac/gel polishes and definitely in this color !
 I really like this shade , but I find that he coverage is rather inconsistent . I have applied two coats to my nails , and the color is sort of splotchy . When I was touching up my nails , I added a 3rd coat , and it seemed to make the color really pop . I would recommend applying 3 light coats and you will get the full richness of this incredible red . I think this is my new favorite color . It 's glamourous and also bright and feminine . It is a bold red , but nor orange or gothy . I really like the way it looks on my skin tone .
 This pinkish color is soooo pretty . It is a bright pink that looks really great in sunshine . Just a cream color without glitters . And the quality is decent . Only one coat is enough . But I apply two coats anyway . And it stays on my nails perfectly for five days until I want to switch the color ! It 's amazing .
 I love Essie products , but they 're so expensive . I was so pleased when I found them on Amazon at great prices . I got the Bordeaux and I love it . It looks great on both hands and toes . The color is same as what you see in the picture -LRB- or at least i , t appears so on my netbook screen . -RRB- If you 're thinking Essie products are a little too expensive for you , pay the extra bucks and treat yourself . You wo n't regret it . It lasts twice longer than any other miracle nail polish I ever owned , and it DOES NOT CHIP . My manicure looked just as good after 2 weeks as the day I made it -LRB- except for the gap in between the cuticles and polish line -- too bad nails grow so fast -RRB- . GREAT PRODUCT !
 Awe , this color Marshmallow by Essie holds a special place in my heart . I used this white nail polish for white on white french manicures for 10 years and I used to get compliments non stop . I wear short dark nails now but I never forgot where it all started for me , with Essie Marshmallow . Best white polish ever .
 I purchased nail polish from this company . The order came very fast the company kept in contact with me to make sure I was satisfied with my order . They even called me ! Awesome place to shop !
 I love Essie ! It 's a great nail polish !!! The price is very good ! This time I bought `` Catwalk '' the color is beautiful . I get lots of compliments !
 Typical I do n't buy Essie brand nail polish besides their ridge filling base but this color attracted me . I was always worried about how this color would look on my dark brown skin tone but once I gave in and bought ; I do n't know what the doubt was about ! It looks great on me and I have a feeling it 'd look better on all skin types . I really do n't like to brushes on Essie nail polish because it does n't give me that professional finish look I enjoy at a nail salon but overall the color is great . A great base and top coat will allow this color to last at least 2 days , possibly more .
 I love Essie products . I have at least 30 of their polishes , ranging from sheer pinks all the way to the darkest blacks . This color looks really good on my skin tone -LRB- black , caramel skin tone -RRB- . I love the fact that with a simple coat of Essie base coat , 2 coats of polish , and a coat of top coat , my nails will look good for at least 5 days with proper maintenance.Most people who are complaining about their polish not lasting need to follow a few simple steps to make it last longer.1-Thin coats are best . Thick coats tend to lead to more porous polish . More porous = more likely to chip.2-Dry manicures are better than wet ones . If you polish after soaking your nails for any period of time , the nail bed expands . Drying then causes it to contract , making it more likely to have base coat and thus nail polish that does n't adhere properly.3-Wear gloves when washing dishes .
 I 've been searching everywhere for this color ! It 's the perfect nude in my opinion . :-RRB- Definitely my new staple nail polish color .
 Essie is my favorite nail polish brand , the amount of shades made is incredible and while they stay on the safe and pretty side they are stunning and slightly different enough that I want to have them all . Two coats are all I need for shiny , strong nails and with a good top coat it lasts a few days.In the past I would stick to pale colors such as Ballet Slipper , Potato Fields , Sugar Daddy , Waltz or Marshmallow . Now I love the black wine color called Wicked but my absolute favorite is Geranium - a wild , flaming orange/red tomato that people always seem to complement me on . I wear it with short nails of course and since getting it two weeks ago I am unable to change it , I repainted my nail 3 times since and they have been Geranium all the way through . Great for the summer , I ca n't wait to break out my flip flops and rock my toes with this color.If you have nails and love to paint them then you ca n't go wrong with Essie ! - Kasia S.
 Love this color - not too sheer , not too heavy . Perfect for both french manicures and just alone for a clean , pretty look .
 I was originally gifted this nail polish in a sample size and I used it up in a record amount of time . It is , hands down , my favorite Essie color ever . It looks good on all skin tones and it neutral . You only need two coats - it 's not like other `` pastel '' nail colors , where you have to do a ton of layers . I recommend this to every one would loves a neutral color and/or Essie . It 's the best !!!!!
 I never write review but I felt like I needed to do this for this product . It is one of the best polishes that I have bought , the color is absolutely amazing , goes on smoothly and lasts well . I will be comming back to Essie to try the other colors .
 I love Essie products and I love this color . It is a shade darker than I thought , but it works !
 All the Essie nail polish colors are terrific . This particular color is one of the beauties I love to wear on both fingers and toes .
 I had been looking all over town for this exact Essie color after seeing it at a nail salon . It is a great pink color for summer ! Product arrived early -LRB- a few days before the estimated arrival date -RRB- and it was exactly as it was described . I am a very happy customer !
 I purchased Aruba blue and boy do I love it !! it 's the perfect cobalt blue . I have caramel skin and it went well with my complexion . My mother who is fairer tried this on and it looked just as amazing on her . I think any girl of any shade can rock this color .
 This nail polish really must look good on all skin tones ... just like In Style magazine recommended . It looks great on my toes . Not too pale , not too pink , just right !
 I bought this color for my bridesmaids , for them to wear it polish for my wedding . It came out very pretty and smooth but it was a little light . The girls layered on about four layers and it looked great !
 Essie products are always the very best . Have lots of nail polish from Essie and I am never disappointed . Go Essie !
 It was a gift , so I cant tell much about the product . But the girl who received it was quite happy .
 I love this color so much ! I got compliments on this color . Essie is a good nail company . The shipper also sent this product very fast .
 I bought this to replace my first bottle of Essie Innocent when it spilled in my luggage on a flight . I love the color so much I had to replace it ! I have very fair skin and this color looks great .
 Wearing dark colored nail polish in the fall lends a great air of sophistication to any outfit . Wear this polish , and you 'll get into the classiest clubs in town !
 Nice color , Kinda a light peachish color . The order arrived very quickly . I had to put on a good 4 or 5 coats on each nail to make the color really show which is why its 4 stars not 5 .
 I am always on the lookout for astonishing nail color . I do not have pretty hands . I have a lot of red in my skin and dark , bright polishes seem to emphasize this . I have tried Essie Ballet Slippers and Essie Mademoiselle , but found them to be just a bit lighter than what I wanted and it also took at least four coats to produce the desired result . Who has time for that ? Two coats of Delicacy covers well ; three is better followed by Essie topcoat . My nails look neat , finished and not bare but they do n't scream `` I 've been polished '' either . The polish has just enough pink to give definition with a very slight pearl appearance . It 's a perfect shade for me .
 I was told this product was discontinued by Matrix so I 'm surprised and pleased to see it here ! I bought four jars when I heard they were discontinuing it , I love it that much.This gloss looks like vaseline , but do n't worry ... it makes hair look shiny and chic . I use it after I curl my hair to keep curls distinct and a bit `` messy '' . It works best when my hair is shorter , I 've found -LRB- i.e. above shoulder length -RRB- .
 An anazing cream I use every day . I have been in a wheelchair 20 years and keep my bottom skin healthy by applying Carezz cream every day and night . I use generously all over my body .
 Whenever I have worn this I have had numerous inquiries from women as to the name of this cologne so that the can buy it for their significant other or their sons . Great staying power when physically active and sweating . Its fragrance is neither musky nor perfume-like .
 this is the most heavenly smelling cake of soap yet . i 've give this as a gift and it 's always enjoyed by all .
 I have this product - i have been using la mer for quite a few years and it is truly amazing.I HAVE ONE PROBLEM -------------- THIS DISTRIBUTER IS OVERCHARGING IN AN OUTRAGEOUS MANNER . BUY FROM SOMEONE ELSE !!
 I started using this cleanser about 2 years ago based on the recommendation of my facialist . I have sensitive , oily skin and was prone to breakouts and redness . This cleanser cleared up my breakouts and did not irritate my skin . I highly recommend it , it changed my life . Be prepared - the active ingredient smells horrible . You get used to it , but it is off putting at first .
 very good item , I like it , highly recomended A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 This is the most amazing scented brand I have ever used . I love it and it is affordable . The soap lasts a long time compared to other brands such as Solf Scrub , and it puts any B&B scent to shame . :-RRB- LOVE IT !
 The ClayPac Color Moisturizer makes your hair feel so soft and silky . It really helps keep the color last longer , at least with my hair it does . It also makes the highlights stand out which makes for your hair looking like it was just freshly colored . The beauty shop that I use to go to quit carrying it and made it sound like it was no longer available . The new salon I go to never even heard of it . I could n't believe it , but then maybe the salon 's do n't want to promote the product because then you could wait longer in between colors and that would n't be good for their business . I love shopping on Amazon . I have found other hard to find items that I use to get but can only find on their website now .
 I ordered 5 different colors for my grandmother who is going through chemo because of lung cancer , SHE LOVES THEM !! alot cheaper than any other turban websites , they r well worth the price . TY !!
 I stumbled across the colorsmart system b/c I 've been a big fan of amplify and looked to do what the keratase chroma reflect would do without the price tag ; Best hair decision I 've ever made - and I abuse my hair to no end -LRB- my latest successful conquest going from midnight black to very light blonde -RRB- ; This stuff takes away the frizz without weighing your hair down and making it look oily - in fact when sprayed on dry hair and combed through it 's like instant hair makeover - suddenly your hair is shiny like all the model 's hair on the commercials - and I am not even exaggerating ; As much as I 've damaged my hair through out the years I do n't think I could leave my house sans hat without this spray , redken antisnap -LRB- smells incredible ! -RRB- , and for styling , bed head `` small talk '' ; No one has any idea how bad my hair looks without this stuff -LRB- I have no cuticle left - and it 's no wonder - going dyed black back to blonde -RRB- . You will not be dissapointed ; Another great one is textureline - same results - about the same price - but with a yummy watermelon like smell ; Matrix smells great too -LRB- but in a shampoo kind of way -RRB- ; And if you over do it - just blow dry the area or flat iron it and the buildup goes away .
 I love using this product especially in the summer as I color my hair and it protects it from the sun and in the winter it 's nice because it gives it a little shine . It also has a nice smell and costs much less online than in a fancy hair salon .
 Love this spray ! Makes my blonde hair look really shiny and healthy . It is a standard in my hair care routine . A little spray goes a long way to add beautiful reflective shine .
 I have ordered this spray before and will continue to keep using it . I love it . It makes my hair shine every time I spray it .
 I have thin fine hair that always requires processing to achieve any fullness . In doing so , of course , I have now made my hair look tired and dull . UNITL ... I found Color Smart Reflective Shine spray by Matrix . It is light on my hair and gives my hair some bounce and definate shine . Thank you Matrix !
 I really like the Matrix Color Smart shine spray . It smooths my hair , gives it good shine , without making my hair feel like it has spray on it at all . I 've had a hard time finding it in stores lately , so was happy to find it on Amazon for a very good price .
 I have very fine hair that loves to tangle . It is also over 2 feet long so you can imagine the mess . Imust use a detangler and have tried many . This is by far the best !!
 The serum is wonderful . I have used it for many years . This was my first time buying it online.The bottle arrived well-wrapped in plastic bubble wrap , but without the original box and usual inserts . That was a bit strange .
 The ClayPac Color Moisturizer makes your hair feel so soft and silky . It really helps keep the color last longer , at least with my hair it does . It also makes the highlights stand out which makes for your hair looking like it was just freshly colored . The beauty shop that I use to go to quit carrying it and made it sound like it was no longer available . The new salon I go to never even heard of it . I could n't believe it , but then maybe the salon 's do n't want to promote the product because then you could wait longer in between colors and that would n't be good for their business . I love shopping on Amazon . I have found other hard to find items that I use to get but can only find on their website now .
 The ClayPac Color Moisturizer makes your hair feel so soft and silky . It really helps keep the color last longer , at least with my hair it does . It also makes the highlights stand out which makes for your hair looking like it was just freshly colored . The beauty shop that I use to go to quit carrying it and made it sound like it was no longer available . The new salon I go to never even heard of it . I could n't believe it , but then maybe the salon 's do n't want to promote the product because then you could wait longer in between colors and that would n't be good for their business . I love shopping on Amazon . I have found other hard to find items that I use to get but can only find on their website now .
 it serves it 's purpose . I had some trouble with it staying in place at first but after cleaning the area and reapplying the suction cups , it stayed well .
 I chose this one because it holds my body soap , shampoos and conditioner . Nice and secure hold . Recommended to anyone .
 I have to say , I love this perfume ! The bottle came full , and was exacltly how I remembered . My only issue is that I did not want to order a `` tester '' bottle and as the description did not say that it was , I went ahead and ordered . Of course , when it arrived it clearly say that it is a tester and not for sale . To me it seems very deceitful not to list this in the description . I would probably order it again , but they need to clearly write that it is a tester so the customer can make an informed decision as to whether they want to buy or pass it up .
 This is an absolute must if you like lightly scented fragrance . Bvlgari gets a `` 10 '' for this incredible contribution to the wonderful world of perfumes and colognes . I 've been wearing this scent for years . Actually believe this is my signature scent . LOVE IT ! So glad to find this on Amazon.com . Thanks so much !
 I love this light , delicate scent from Bvlgari . It is an every day scent you can wear and feel fresh and lovely !
 This scent gets better as the day goes on . I like all of the Bvlgari fragrances , but this one is really special to me . One of my favorites . Ca n't beat the price - I will ALWAYS shop at amazon.com for my fragrances !!!!!
 Ever since I stayed at a hotel that had Bvlgari products in their bathrooms for their guests to use , I liked the scent of the different items and was determined to find where I could purchase some of them for my use at home . Before the holiday , I received an email from Amazon.com advertising products to be bought on line as gifts , etc. . I searched and found the Voile De Jasmin Eau De Toilette Spray by Bvlgari which I purchased . When the item arrived at my home , it was exactly what I was looking for . Also , I received the item in a short amount of time which also is a plus especially if one is buying to give as a gift for the holiday . Thank you Amazon.com for the advertisement you sent me .
 I ordered this online for a small fraction of department store costs . The perfume arrived very well packaged . Inside the outer packaging , the perfume was in its own orignal box which was wrapped in cellephane . The bottle came with its top on just as pictured here on Amazon ; it 's exactly what one would get in the department store . This is a fragrance I 've worn for several years and I like it very much . I was sorry to see that it has become difficult to find now . I do n't care for fragrances that are heavy , too sweet smelling , or linger too long . This one is light , pretty , feminine , not too flowery or strong in scent . I would say it may not last as long as other perfumes do , but I can smell it lightly all day and my husband can smell it hours later when he hugs me .
 This is a flowery scent , very subtle , for women who hate leaving the elevator smelling of themselves , and prefer to be discreet.I love jasmine , which is the predominant element in this perfume . If you like strong , long lasting scents , this is not for you .
 It has been used by my friends before , and they keep on buying the Voile de Jasmine . Long lasting scent . Real nice .
 great buy , excellent service , fast shipping , came in 3 days even with the super saver shipping , no damage , smells great !
 I could not say more about this fragrance.Bvlgari are famous for some of the most beautiful perfumes and this particular one is so light and fresh.The quality and price was great , much less expensive than the stores and the service from the seller was first class too .
 This smells so good , I ca n't understand why you can not find it in stores any more . I feel very pretty when wearing Voile De Jasmin By Bvlari . It is one of three of my very favorite scents . Many people ask what are you wearing you smell so good ? My 34 year old daughter loves it as well , it is her favorite . We both have worn this sent since 2006 So I thought I would stock up on it , so I can give it to her for special occasions when it 's not around anymore . Thank You Amazon !
 I HAVE PERMED LONG HAIR THAT THE HUMIDITY COMPLETELY DESTROYS , DRYS OUT MY HAIR SO BADLY THAT IT BECOMES BRITTLE . THIS STUFF IS AMAZING ! MAKES MY HAIR SOFT AND MANAGEABLE AGAIN . I WASH MY HAIR THEN COMB THIS STUFF THROUGH AND LET IT SIT FOR ABOUT 30 MINUTES . THEN WASH IT OUT AND I HAVE A NEW HEAD OF HAIR !
 I have been using this for over twenty years now but it is getting increasingly difficult to get hold of - even from the USA.Because of this I recently embarked on a marathon sniffathon with my partner -LRB- who , most importantly , adores this scent on me -RRB- . I tried recommendations of similar scents from various places and found some interesting smells but nothing came close.So , after 20 + years I have yet to find anything better than this . I realise that it is a very personal thing but this really is the best and I would be heartbroken if I could n't get it any more.I 'm torn - if more people bought it then its future would be assured , but if too many bought it then it would be more commonplace . I 'm such a snob.If I could give it more stars I would - even though that is illogical . : - -RRB-
 This is my first time using tea tree oil . I was in desperate need of a product to maintain my acne . I 've used countless products and spent loads of money on special gadgets to improve my skin . I began researching after a bad breakout and came across many positive reviews for tea tree oil . Figuring I had nothing to lose I gave it a try and fell in love after first use . It 's an incredible toner . Interestingly , it 's an oil that strips oil away and leaves pores tight and clean . The smell can be a little strong at first , but I 've gotten used to it . It is wise to dilute the oil with a moist cotton pad before applying to the face . Also be careful not to let it seep into your eyes . Frequently I experience some stinging in my eyes for a few minutes after applying . I apply before bed and when I wake up the blemish is well on its way to healing if I have popped it , which I admit to doing . Not good . Not to sound gross , but it also helps blemishes come to a head quickly , bringing that white icky stuff to the surface , but i find it to heal faster that way . Tea tree oil can be drying , so even though I have oily skin , if I apply it in the morning I follow it with jojoba oil mixed with a light oil-free moisturizer . This helps avoid flakiness under makeup . I hope it works for everyone suffering from problem skin !
 I use this for cuts , soap crafting , cleaning , to make feet spray , and as a facial astringent . The product is 100 % tea tree oil and a quality product .
 I first stumbled into the world of essential oils back in 1990 when I needed a part-time job and there was an opening for `` Weekends Only '' at a tiny Aromatherapy store in Lincoln Park , Chicago . Back in those days , very few people had even heard of the word and thought FRAGRANCE oils to be synonymous with ESSENTIAL OILS . It was an invaluable experience working in that store and it changed my life in regards to taking charge of my PERSONAL wellness through the use of Essential Oils.NO DRUG IS A PANACEA OR MAGIC BULLET FOR EVERYONE !!!! I state this clearly because of the few negative reviews that all the various company 's that sell Tea Tree Oil have received . For instance , I 'm allergic to Peroxide . The pills Asprin and Tylenol have zero effect on me . So , if you have NEVER used Tea Tree Oil , BUY THE SMALLEST BOTTLE YOU CAN FIND AND TRY IT OUT ON YOURSELF ! If you 're as lucky as I am , it will be your Go-To Treatment for 99 % of `` What Ails You . `` I 've tried many a company 's Tea Tree Oil and have finally settled on THIS brand . Why ? The reasons I list work for ME ; they may not work for YOU :1 -RRB- It 's in a CLEAR bottle ! I know , I know
 I am never without tea tree oil and not loyal to any brand . Just make sure it 's undiluted . Always buy 100 % Essential Tea Tree Oil . I buy it in 16 ounce bottles . It last a long time.As long as it 's 100 percent tea tree oil I 'm good . It works from everything to getting rid of fleas and mange on dogs to lice and ring worm on children . It even dries out a pimple fairly quickly . And if I were ever to have nail fungus I would treat it with tea trea oil before resorting to other medications.For lice I place a few drops into a dime sized blotch of shampoo and wash kids hair as usual . Then I do the same with their leave in conditioner and then blow dry child 's hair completely . Both the heat and the oil kill the lice . To be on the safe side I treat everyone in the house.Then I soak brushes and combs daily in a water/tea tree oil mix . 40 drops to every 8 ounces of water . You can reuse the water mix if you do this in a bucket.I also make up the same solution of 60 drops to 8 ounces of water and place it in a spritz bottle so I can spray all our furniture , bedding , clothes , stuffies and whatever else you think might have a louse on it.I even put 40 drops into my laundry soap and fabric softener . Not the whole bottle , but 40 drops for every wash and rinse cycle . Hope this makes sense.Sadly , when my children where in elementary school lice was abundant and we had to deal with it on four occasions . The first two times I used the regular products . They are both expensive and not nearly as effective as the tea tree oil , nor as safe . The third time I did two regular shampoos with the chemical ridden shampoos and followed up with tea tree oil regimen that I listed above . That worked great . The fourth time I treated only with tea tree oil regimen and it was super easy to get rid of.For mange with dogs it 's similar as the lice treatment . I place several drops into both their dime sized blob of shampoo and conditioner . I leave in the conditioner . And then spray them down with the sprintzer full of 60 drops of oil to every 8 ounces of water . In between baths I sprintz them down two times a day and rub the solution into their skin . I also spritz their bedding between washes and carpeting and anything they may lie on . I swear it works better than the mange dip I got from the vet and the over the counter mange stuff I bought at the feed store . Plus , it 's safer to use than what the vet gives you and smells so much better than what is at the feed store . And most importantly completely gets rid of it.I also use it in my mop water and my kitchen and bathroom cleaning solutions . I place several drops into my hand soap dispensers . And I even use it to disinfect cuts and other sores . It 's really a great product .
 I 've bought many different Tea Tree Oil brands but this one is the best . It has a very pleasant aroma unlike many others that I 've used . Some that I bought even had vitamin E oil mixed in which smells BAD.I use it for acne and after years of going from product to product -LRB- Neutrogena , Clearasil , Clean $ Clear , Cetaphil , Pro-Active YOU NAME IT -RRB- with no success , this is the only thing that has worked . Just have be consistent with use . A little lasts a long time for what I use it for .
 I bought this after I had read of it 's properties for many cures . I bought it specificall for toe nail fungus . I found it worked excellently withou my having to undergo a multitude of tests and trips to the podiatrist .
 Used it for insect bites and it really helped take the itch away . The smell is strong at first but you get use to it .
 I first started using tea tree oil about 5 years ago , and my mother told me that Desert Essences has been around since she was young and was the most reliable brand.Therein I found the solution to many skin issues I had been experiencing.Acne
 this is really strong oil but still . very gentle on the skin . I got it based on amazon posted reviews . It looks like the product will last for a long time . I will buy again .
 I use this tea tree oil for breakouts works like a charm . Each and every time the quality is CONSISTENT which I greatly value in any products I use .
 love this stuff . would be with out it . can use it for a lot of things . would buy this again
 Strong stuff . Keep away from children and pets . Works when you need it . I will buy again . Thank you very much .
 Tea tree oil has long been praised for its fine health properties.Being a longtime user , , Desert Essence is the key factor in this review.This brand makes the best tea tree oil , with great results.While the price might be a bit steep , the results are worth the price
 Great healing product ! According to webmd , tea tree oil is applied to the skin -LRB- used topically -RRB- for infections such as acne , fungal infections of the nail -LRB- onychomycosis -RRB- , lice , scabies , athlete &#8217; s foot -LRB- tinea pedis -RRB- , and ringworm . It is also used topically as a local antiseptic for cuts and abrasions , for burns , insect bites and stings , boils , vaginal infections , recurrent herpes labialis , toothache , infections of the mouth and nose , sore throat , and for ear infections such as otitis media and otitis externa . Some people add it to bath water to treat cough , bronchial congestion , and pulmonary inflammation .
 yes , this can dry skin , I found that out the hard way myself . I bought it this time around to be used in other products for health and beauty care , rather than directly on skin -LRB- though because of its antiseptic qualities it 'll probably be used here and there that way too ! -RRB- . this was the best price I could find -- I went to the Better Health Food store website and ordered it there , rather than on amazon . even our Meijers carries it though , so best to check your local stores first and see if the cost of gas does or does n't outweight the cost of S&H .
 Good quality tea tree oil . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a natural but effective way to reduce acne
 desert essence makes so many great tea tree products . i love the pure oil . i use it for my face , as a feminine hygiene product , and as a blemish spot treatment . i NEED this product always it is a crucial cosmetic for me . it is best diluted with water because it is a very strong oil . i find it lasts a long time . just put a cotton ball on top , a quick turn upside down and run a little water on the ball . i 'm sure there is an easier way but it works for me . -LRB- and honestly i like the burn so i dont always dilute it . -RRB- i really bought it at first because it was recommended as an acne treatment , and it was the perfect treatment for acne but there are so many other uses .
 I pretty much use tea tree oil to disinfect everything . The Desert Essence brand definitely makes a quality tea tree oil . I have n't found one that I like better .
 Great product -- I have used Tea Tree oil for many years and this is the best price I have found . Quick delivery , nicely packaged , too .
 Great tea tree oil ! I use it for all sorts of things but mostly acne and acne scars . Does n't leave your skin feeling oily . Pretty strong scent , but can be diluted with other oils if necessary . Overall great product and I will reorder .
 I overdid with salicylic acid , and my chin was super dry . I grab small bottle of this oil at Trader Joe ` s , used 3 times today , and my skin came back to normal ! Blemishes are less visible by far , and my skin is not dry . It ` s amazing how fast that works ! I was afraid of the smell , but it ` s not bad -LRB- herbs and menthol -RRB- . It ` s also great with cuts and wounds . I was never interested in essential oils , but I googled the stuff and I ` m gon na try the other ones too -LRB- like lavender for sleep and relaxation -RRB- . Do not hesitate!Added later
 I use this for acne and other skin conditions , as well as sanitizing my makeup brushes . It works well . I have to dilute it a lot to use it on my face , unlike other 100 percent TTO solutions I 've used . I 'm not sure of the difference between them if they 're all `` pure '' and 100 percent . My skin has looked clearer than I can remember it ever being as a teenager and young adult .
 My friend introduced me to tea tree oil when I first got an insane number of bug bites over last summer . Now whenever it 's humid outside , I have to have a bottle of 100 % tea tree oil with me to repel bugs ! It really works great to take away the itch away from bites , and it works as a great bug repellent . The strong medicinal smell does n't bother me and I actually like it but that ca n't be said for others.I love the versatile function of tea tree oil but like other reviewers have mentioned , be sure that you buy only 100 % tea tree oil no matter what brand you buy . It 's expensive but it lasts a long time if you use it occasionally . I find that this is a great natural alternative to other chemicals that are out there and again , the versatility may actually end up saving you more money depending on your needs!As an alternative to buying online , you may be able to find 100 % tea tree oil in your local drug/pharmacy store like CVS .
 I recently purchased the book , `` Tea Tree Oil Bible , '' with this bottle of TT oil . I learned quit a bit about healing with natural ingredients , vs. chemicals , and now I must admit , I am a TT oil junky . There are so many uses for this wonderful natural product and it works so well ... naturally ... I 've been spreading the word to all my friends and acquaintances ... this is the way to go !!!
 I love this product , and only could locate it on line . Great service , great value , and speedy delivery ! Thank you !
 I have tried MANY products to give my fine straight hair some body -LRB- I have medium length hair to my shoulders -RRB- . Most of the other products cause me to sneeze , runny nose and eyes , but not the Clear Glossing Gel . I run a dab about the size of a nickel into my hair at the root next to my scalp when my hair is still wet and blow dry my hair . The gel serves as a great root lifter . No runny nose , itchy eyes or strong fragrance . It is not without scent but for whatever reason , the scent does n't bother me .
 My personal physician recommended it and I bought at goo.gl / O7bG2 , with $ 10 off and free samples . Great stuff !!!!! I was told the enormous benifit of Collagen : More Active Joints :1 -RRB- Supports joint function by strengthening cartilage and joint structure2 -RRB- Helps promote joint lubrication by replenishing the synovial fluid3 -RRB- Promotes joint comfort and mobility4 -RRB- Helps rebuild cartilageSkin Beauty from Within1 -RRB- Reduces wrinkles and fine lines2 -RRB- Improves skin tone3 -RRB- Visibly smooth and supple skin4 -RRB- Improves hydrationI tried it and must say the product is an absolute must ! I would say overnight , you could feel the difference -- soft hair , softer and smoother complexion . After about a week , I also noticed how it relieved any joint pain from exercising as I recovered from my workouts faster/sooner . I 'm 40 and am an avid jogger . I am using this product every day now religiously . It made my hair grow faster , shiny and my skin feel supple and softer . About a few weeks into it , it lifted the saggier skin in my stomach that no amount of exercise would tighten and gave my breasts a slight lift/firmer . I will keep taking this product because it truly does this product says . The properties in this product are remarkable for your overall health ! It works synergistically with Vitamin C , so I take it mixed with Vitamin C powder .
 Was exactly as advertised . I love this scent . Arrive on time and as advertised . I would definitely recommend this product
 It came in the original package but the scent does n't last as long as I would like it to . Otherwise good .
 such a great deal for this perfume , cheaper than target or in the mall and is the real deal and got to my house in 3 days from the date i ordered it .
 This perfume is just what I wanted . It has the soft delicate smell that lingers on you for the day . People have commented , truly a great fragrance .
 Probably my favorite fragrance of all time . Been buying this product since I was 15 and i am now 22 . love it !
 This product is the best , if you need moisture without the greasy feeling , use it you wont stop buying it .
 it was whta i want , completely sealed and new !! itis the second time i bought them , the cream it is excellent .
 I love this moisturizer , and have been using it for several years . It is not greasy & my makeup goes over it very smoothly .
 When i started using this i had a number of brown spots on my face . this product took them away . love this product
 I 've tried MANY moisterizers and this is the best . It is not greasy and my face feels great in the morning .
 I 've been using Obagi and as a lot of the posts say , you 're face gets dry around your nose and mouth . I spoke to a friend who has used Obagi successfully and she suggested I buy Action and use it around my dry spots . She also suggested I do n't use Obagi around those sensitive areas -LRB- which I did -RRB- , but in the meantime , use Action . I bought it , used it and it worked perfectly .
 One of those `` lifes little luxuries '' kind of things . Great , fresh scent reminds me of sunny spring days and flower blooms , yet is n't over powering . Great rich , full lather . A great splurge on yourself for only a few dollars ! A simple pleasure .
 This was my BFF 's fave colour and I thought I would surprise her by purchasing and sending to her in Australia . Unfortunately , you ca n't post nail polish overseas unless you are a supplier . FAIL ! Never mind , I got to keep it and now I am reminded of my friend every time I use it . As always OPI delivers a superb colour and easy to apply .
 The polish was just the right color and came practically overnight . Good price , good quality and good service , all of which is getting harder and harder to find . Great product & service !
 A long time ago I used this product in conjunction with other ORS products because I had a bald spot that came from a too tight weave . I used this and it along with the other products nurtured my scalp and hair back . Would use again if needed .
 I have used this product before , so I knew that it would work.For some unknown reason , my hair started breaking off , I had a little bit left over , and used it . It stopped the breakage immediately . I was really surprised , even though I knew that it would work.The whole product line is really good , and works .
 When the top of my head started thinning due to stress , I began using this product.It filled in the area and now I have totally new growth . I now use this once a month . I recommend it weekly to start . It has a sulfur component which aids in hair growth .
 Great product - very hard to find in stores . I 've only had it for roughly 1 month & I already see positive results w/my scalp . Works best when you use it with other recommended products as part of Organic Roots ' hair re-growth program . Be sure to follow instructions ; 0 -RRB- ... Prompt delivery from Amazon seller too ! Looking forward to future purchases ; 0 -RRB- !!!!
 I suffer from a bothersome scalp condition known as folliculitis as well as `` growing dandruff '' . When I had an outbreak , itchy bumps pop up in my scalp and sometimes crust over , forming scabs . The topical solution they prescribed me is not covered by my insurance so I would have to spend $ 90 out of pocket every 2 weeks to purchase it . Looking for a cheaper alternative , I came across Organic Root Stimulator at a beauty supply store and decided to try it . 2 years later , I 'm very glad I did . Not only does this product keep my scalp aerated , healthy , dandruff and scab free , it also helped my hair grow tremendously . My hair went from just below chin length to the middle of my back . I get compliments everywhere I go on the length and health of my hair , even from the hairdresser who trims it every six weeks . When I go in beauty supply stores women ask what I use to keep my hair so healthy and I immediately point them to the Organic Root Stimulator section .
 Prior to using this scalp scrub I was developing a case of dandruff that was embarrassingly itchy . I hated scratching my head in public because people have the tendency to stereotype dreadlocks as dirty . I pride mine on being clean so I was desperate to remedy my problem . I started of by using head and shoulders then moisturizing my scalp and laying off blow dryers , but that only helped a little bit . I used the organic root stimulator scalp scrub in combination with my new regimen . My scalp felt 100 % better after the first treatment . I now plan to use this product once a month because I 've heard it stimulates hair growth too from the women at my local beauty products store . I had to buy it here because they were SOLD OUT . I 've always sworn by organic root stimulator products . This one delivers as well.Namaste ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Good Product.If you 're experiencing hair loss and are using a scalp serum and do not see results then first use a scalp scrub follow the direction accordingly and wash , then use the scalp serum and you 'll see the difference .
 Love this product . I used it before and my hair grew s much . Then stopped using for a while and now years later I am back using it again . I am transitioning from Relaxed to Natural and my I had light spots in my hair due to the scarf being so tight . My hair has grown since using this product . I also use the uplifting shampoo and the protein conditioner from the same line . They all work well together .
 I was diagnosed with CCCA aka hot comb alopecia . I had thinning and balding throughout 60 % of my head . I 'm 27 BTW . I was told my hair would NEVER grow back . I was given scalp shots and told to apply an ointment once a day . I randomly went to a new hairstylist who suggested I buy the scrub AND the temple balm . I brought the scrub and they used it during my visit . I ALSO used the temple balm daily . Two weeks later went I went back , she said your hair is growing back . Its been weeks later and I see a huge difference . These products are worth the price and they do work , when applied properly -LRB- I suggest having someone else apply the scrub , its applied similar to a relaxer , and you want it applied correctly for best results -RRB- . Anyone with CCCA try it , worst comes to worst you lose $ 20 . I hope this review helps someone else b/c I had spent hundreds on other products that did n't work .
 This has really improved my scalp . I have issues with my scalp and dandruff and psoriasis on the top of my head , this has made a big difference . You mix it with baking soda . I recommend it .
 Works well to get my scalp clean and I have less dandruff . I also use the whole line of products .
 ILOVE this product !!!!!!!! it is super ... my hair and scalp feel sooooo good.i would buy this product again , and i have shared this with my bff.THANK YOU !!!!!!!!!
 This stuff is fabulous in the summer humidity . I have very long , thick , wavy hair and this stuff calms it down and makes it shine like nothing I 've ever used . It highlights colored hair nicely , making your hair look even younger . Great , great stuff , and a very little goes a long . long way . I do n't have trouble with limp hair , but then again , when the humidity rises , well , I do a great imitation of a bush without this stuff . Highly , highly recommend !
 This brand of glosser really works . I have used the most expensive to the cheapest gloss and this is the only one that leaves my dry , thin , colored hair soft , smooth and very manageable . Try it , you 'll love it .
 I have dull , curly hair , and this stuff does a fairly decent job of brightening it up a bit , although it does n't quite live up to the hype on the package . It seems expensive for such a small tube , but I only had to use a very tiny bit of it , even though I have long , very thick hair . It lasted quite a long time .
 I have been looking for a hair product which would help tame the dry frizzies of winter . While this product does is not enough by itself to volumize and condition my fine , curly hair , it softens it in a way that nothing else I 've tried seems to -- and my bathroom vanity is crowded with different products I have bought for this purpose . I use it with other volumizers , thermal protectors , and conditioners . It works best in wet hair . Or , after the hair is dry , you can mix it with water in your hands and rub it through your hair , but if you do n't mix it with water it can be gummy . Another bonus -- the first two days after I used it , two people -LRB- one was my husband -RRB- asked me if I had colored my hair , which I had not . I have some grey and this product seems to tone down the grey and darken up the brown .
 Fantastic product with a great price ! I 've been using this product for years . I have thick curly/wavy hair and put about a nickel size dab in my palm just after getting out of the shower . If you put it on your hair when soaking wet it works best . The shine is fabulous , the curls look beautiful and makes for great second day hair also .
 I apply a dime-sized dab of this to my towel-dried hair after shampoo and conditioner . It does add some shine and helps the hair look more moisturized . My hair is naturally thin , wavy and grey . I color it brunette and perm it every 6 months for fuller curls . This product keeps the curls looking their best . I do use a curl enhancer on top of this product but THIS is the product that produces the shine .
 I use this along with the John Frieda Satan Shine and finally have control over the frizz this humid climate puts in my naturally curly hair.[...]rpvh@windstream.net[ ... -RSB-
 Love this product . Great for winter time . Leaves hair shiny , silky and free of static . Helps me get through the winter hair time .
 . . just as the name describes . I absolutely love this stuff . It always makes my natural hair color pop . I use it when my hair is wet & then a small amount after I style it -LRB- flat iron -RRB- - a little goes a long way , otherwise it can look greasy . The after style application makes a huge difference in my hair . It instantly changes my hair from looking dull to hydrated and shiny . My only complaint is that it 's no longer sold in stores .
 I 've been using Shine Shock for about 10 years ! Literally ! I have semi - fine long hair , and it makes it look healthy and strong while giving it the right amount of shine . I 've found that it works the best on soaking wet hair , not towel dried . I use the tiniest amount , a pea sized or even smaller -LRB- a little bit goes a VERY long way ! -RRB- . I put most of it on my ends , then apply excess to the roots . It also can be used with another product without it getting greasy -LRB- i.e. root lifter -RRB- . I 've even found that my hair is less greasy the next day when I use it ... not sure how that works , but I 'm not complaining ! I 've hard a hard time finding it lately , so I 'm glad to see it here . Definitely recommend it !
 this stuff is great , however I think it might be discontinued . Quite alot of John Frieda gets discontinued , then we have to find something like it . I happened to find it online and stocked up but it will be gone someday , too bad
 This product does exactly what it advertises -- brings shine to your hair . I purchased it in a grocery store when I was on vacation in Oregon . I needed to find a replacement for a discontinued product I used for years . Please do n't discontinue this item -- it works !
 I ca n't seem to find this products on store shelves anymore but I still love it ! I 'm always getting compliments on my shiny , healthy dark brown hair and this product has a lot to do with it . I always use it when my hair needs a high gloss look . It really reflects light well so in pictures , my hair looks outstanding ! If you have thin hair , be sure to use it sparingly or it will be heavy and weight your hair down . For those of us with thick full hair ... you 've got nothing to worry about . I 'd also warn against curling hair after using this product b/c in my case , my hair wo n't hold curl very well with this in it . But for a straight , sleek flat ironed look ... this stuff is magic .
 I have long , fine hair but I have a lot of hair which makes it look thick . I 've tried other shine products , and they all made my hair look stringy or greasy . This product smells great ! I never use it on wet hair , I put a nickel sized amount in my palm and rub my hands together , then run my ends between my palms . I use my fingers to get individual strands here and there , and then smooth my palms over my hair starting at the top of my ears . You can avoid looking greasy if you stay far , far away from your roots . This is how I always use this product , and it always makes me look fabulous .
 Brilliant Brunette is the best hair care product I have used . I was so upset not to find it in local stores any more , but thrilled when I was able to get it on Amazon . My hair can look dull , drippy and oh so want to be covered up . But a teeeny bit of Brunette Shine Shock -LRB- for those old enough , remember `` A little dab will do you '' -RRB- brings my hair back to wonderful life.John Frieda Brilliant Brunette Shine Shock , Leave On Perfecting Glosser 2.4 oz -LRB- 68 g -RRB-
 I live in Texas so the humidity can really friz out your hair . On top of that , I have very fine hair . I take my showers at night and apply this product after I get out of the shower . My hair air drys overnight but it looks fantastic ! I used to have to wet my hair , blow dry it and then add in some type of glosser ... which always ended up making my hair look greasy . Now my hair looks healthy and shiny .
 Sweet , powdery , spicy , and warm are apt descriptions for JDP In Black . I do n't get the cherry or licorice notes as dominant as I hoped , but the lovely lilac & violet shine through for me . I was worried about the cedar , but it 's well-done - no camphor or astringency.On me , IB wears like a gourmand that might be in the oriental woody or floral musk category . IB is simply too dark & deep for me to consider it a fruity floral , which I associate with lighter , brighter frags such as Clinque Happy & EA 5th Avenue Style . In stead , JDP In Black is full-bodied , well-rounded and deep , which is exactly what I expect from a fine fragrance for adult women . In Black is MODERN GOTHIC , if you 're into that thing . Think Loree Rodkin ... Vampira on the inside , not on the outside ... In Black is kinda like that.JDP In Black is a changeable and goes threw distinct phases . At the top & heart , I get peaches , violet , heliotrope/powder , and lilac . In the drydown , IB is a sweet tobacco scent . Not sure if it is listed , but it seems to have some vanilla too.I am growing to LOVE In Black , and it 's getting heavy rotation in my wardrobe as colder winds begin to come in from the north . Last year I wore a lot of SJP Covet and Bulgari Omnia as my cold weather gourmand scents . This year I dropped Covet from my wardrobe and will be wearing Omnia & IB exclusively . It 's that is wonderful that it replaced such a nice , unique scent such as Covet.I have the 30ml -LRB- 1 ounce -RRB- EDT which I bought here at Amazon , and when that ran low I picked up the 50ml -LRB- 1.7 ounce -RRB- for $ 17 here . Most recently , I got a back-up bottle of 100ml at the same price . I hope that is not indicative that IB is soon to be discontinued , but I will certainly make sure that I have a couple back-up bottles stored in a dark , cool place . I do n't want to be without this , even if I ca n't wear it each and every day .
 Love this ! More suited for winter / fall , I think . On my skin , I get almost a clove dry-down which is an extremely pleasant olfactory experience . I 'm lucky in that the licorice comes through mid-way for me as well . The cedar is woodsy without being medicinal . I would recommend this for anyone looking for something mysterious and captivating for fall and winter .
 Del Pozo In Black EdT by Jesus del Pozo is one of my all-time favorites . Though it 's listed here as being `` for men '' , it 's 100 % suitable for women . If you 're a woman who loves rich , exotic , unique scents with amazing sillage , this is for you . It 's unlike any other fragrance . The notes are
 If I could describe the color of this perfume it would be deep red , not black . Opens up like cherry wine on my skin . In time it turns into an exquisitely dark berry-laden fragrance anchored by vanilla and licorice while the lilacs and violets twirl around on my skin like purple fairies . This is a very mysterious and sexy scent . On the right skin , it will sing like the perfect gothic song . Full bottle worthy for me .
 This perfume is sweet and powdery on my skin , a bit marshmallow-ey , even . BUT there is a hint of spice -LRB- my husband even noticed ! -RRB- I really like it a lot ! On me it works for day or night wear , and a little goes a long way . Staying power -LRB- sillage -RRB- is upwards of 6 hrs or more . -LRB- Either that or I stop noticing it after a while ! LOL -RRB- I actually really like this one , this is my second bottle so far .
 I must say that I really love this fragrance , and the price is fantastic . Very deep , smoky and evening . Sweet , but not too sweet . I think the egyptian jasmine adds sexiness . I get lots of powdery violets and lilac , freshness from the pink grapefruit and sweetness from the peach , vanilla & licorice . Although cherry is listed and I 've seen lots of reviews on the web mentioning how strong it is , it does n't come through with my chemistry .
 Lovely scent , and very cool bottle!A sophisticated scent , floral - but deep with dark undertones.Smells rich and spicy!I also really like the bottle , very attractive !
 It 's a great deal for this item !!!! I 'd originally received it as a gift from my husband several years ago .
 We all can agree this lotion is super expensive!but is it worth it?In my opinion . . yes!I have been looking for a good face lotion that would n't go on all greasy , would n't leave a residue and would keep my skin hydrated and smooth . This product delivers what it promises . It is one of the only products out there that has it all . . AHA/BHA/Hyaluronic Acid/Glycerin/Green Tea and your main antioxidant Vitamins A , C , E . The only thing i wish it had is an SPF . . that would make it complete.Though its on the expensive side , a small amount of this lotion will go along way , literally under a dime size will take care of your whole face ! I recommend you purchase the item from the actual Menscience website , since they offer a money back guarantee . .
 Okay , when I got the bottle , it was smaller than I expected.Now , the product is pretty good . I 'm asian , and I spent most my childhood in tropical climate so my skin is very oily all the time . Even in dry or cold days , my face turn even more oily to compensate . My problem with a lot of moisturizer are that they are sticky after applying which clogs my pores - which are quite large and visible - and I ended up with lots of blackheads.This product works very well . I felt to residue after applying . In fact , silky skin ... which I never had ... It is surprisingly good . Just absurdly expensive so use very sparingly . I also wish they have sun block with this , because of the high cheek bones , my cheeks turns red when spent time outside for too long and my skin in that region is very rough the next morning ... Though application of this moisturizer negates that quite well.So , 5 stars for quality , 1 off for high prices .
 This product works great . It 's a fantastic moisturizer . It only takes a small amount . I try to visualize a dollop the size of a medium sweet pea . I like to make sure my hands are already hydrated before using as I would prefer the product get applied to and absorbed by my face rather than my hands . The product comes out of the tube as a whitish based gel , but does not color your skin . So guys , it will not smear or make you look like you 're wearing `` makeup . `` I live in a hot climate , and I have not felt greasy with this product . It lasts all day ! Some face lotions have perfumes - this one is definately for a man , no perfumes . Some lotions , even when not applied near my eyes will bother my eyes - not this one.Will I buy again ? Absolutely ! It is a value when compared to other premium mens face care products .
 This product works wonders over the winter months . I did n't realize how it prevents dry skin until after I stopped using it for a few days during the winter . From my experience , this product does n't leave an oily film on your face or make you shine for hours under the lights . Unlike other products , I do n't feel like a teenager going thru acne again.The price for the quality is worth it and the amount you need to apply makes the cost per application comparable to other products .
 Absorbs well , feels smooth and not sticky , moisturizes extremely well . That 's all I 'm asking from a lotion and this one simply does it .
 This face lotion is great , energizing , and I have used it for years -LRB- and try many others but always come back to this brand -RRB-
 I travel a lot and sometimes the water is very hard and air is very dry . I 've used an array of other face lotions/moisturizers in the past but they have all seemed to clog my pores in some way or another which result in blemishes or pimples . This face lotion is perfect . It 's light , non-greasy , and does an awesome job at keeping my skin moisturized without causing blemishes or clogging my pores . It is pricey , but a small amount lasts a long time -- well worth the money .
 I tried this and the Kiehl 's Facial Fuel lotion . The MenScience brand definitely worked better for me , less greasy and light . My only complaint is it 's too pricey , although a little goes a long way .
 The best mens moisturizer , or even women for that matter , my sisters now use . Goes on light , hydrates , plumps skin , and stays matte . Give it a few days and you 'll see what happens to your skin texture , awesome .
 This product does what it says it will do and unless someone personally introduces me to a better product , I will continue to use this lotion for a very long time .
 This lotion absorbs well into the skin with no greasy feel or look . It is smooth and feels good on the skin . It would be 5 stars if it was less expensive . I am currently searching for comparable product that is less expensive .
 It works very well . Very light and does n't feel greasy . You do n't have to use a lot of it each time , little amount will be enough and therefore it will last a long time . So you get your money 's worth . I would recommend it !
 Love the MenScience Advanced Face Lotion ... . I started buying it on Amazon because Nordstom was always out when I went to buy it . This saves me wasting my time hunting for it and delivery as always is super fast !!!
 I 've bought the whole menscience line and their products are very good . I 've been using Lab Series for many years and decided to try something different . I 'm going back to Lab Series for a couple of the items because they fit my skin better . The Advanced face lotion is a bit too light for me to be used alone without the anti-aging serum . I also did not like that almost everything in menscience has a alpha hydroxy .
 Doesnt leave the face feeling greasy . Cant even tell its on my face .
 I 've used many other facial lotions before but none compare to this one . Such a high quality product .
 Great for moisturizing dry and rough skin . I live in a humid area , so it 's important for me not to have to put a heavy lotion or cream on my skin . This lotion leaves my face feeling good , and not greasy or slimy at all .
 I agree some of the reviews look a little fishy , maybe employees.I am buying my second bottle at the moment . I have tried the spot acne , the face wash , and the moisturizer so far and have liked all three.They are very pricey , but seem to be top of the line quality.The question is are their products so much better to justify the price ? I do n't know the answer , I guess it depends on the person . Men 's Health magazine reviews MenScience products highly everytime , if that counts for anything .
 I 've tried everything to grow my short , thin nails ; tried this , and it worked . They are so long now I have to CUT them -- a first !!!
 I had trouble with my once great nails . They were down to the nub and peeling and breaking all the time . I tried some very expensive -LRB- $ 20-25 range -RRB- products with no results.I bought Nutra Nail at my local drug store and it has worked wonders on my nails . They are growing , not peeling and becoming hard . Back to my great nails.Just ordered 3 bottles from Amazon .
 I found this product in a free box at a garage sale so I thought I 'd give it a try . There were no instructions so I applied it once a day for seven days , nothing . I stopped using it until I found reviews on how to use the product . It took longer than seven days , almost a month but my nails have quit peeling , breaking and splitting . They have even grown to the length that they need to be cut . I garden and constantly wash my hands because of work and my nails still improved . Prior to using this product my nails were so ugly , I use to say they looked like rats have gnawed on them , now they are healthy looking and stronger . I even think I have fewer hangnails due to using this poduct . I am so pleased I 'm buying two more bottles from Amazon , one for me and the other for my daughter .
 Seems to be helping my nails . They 're beginning to get smoother and Stronger . I 've only used it for 6 days and I do see a difference in the condition of my nails and cuticles .
 Love it , the only thing I have EVER used on my nails , that actually worked . Easy to use and hard to find in the stores .
 I used the Nutra Nail 5 to 7 Day Growth Calcium Formula for a month and I felt the difference , it makes my nails stronger ans longer
 I have used the Nutra Nail Calcium product for years and always get compliments on my strong nails . It is one of my `` ca n't live without it '' routines to use daily.I strongly recommend this product for problem nails .
 Nutra Nails 5-7 Day Growth Formula has worked beautifully for me . I do not have experience with the different formulas -LRB- regular , Aloe , Calcium -RRB- , however , the product itself is great and I plan to continue my daily application . My nails have always been weak and easily broken , split and some ridges have been appearing as I age . I have tried other products , but nothing works as well as all of the NN products I have used . I also use NN strengthening products , and I invested in a nice pair of cuticle clippers . Every NN product I have used lives up to its claims . As long as I keep using the NN nourishing , growth & strengthening products , and keep the cuticle area neatly clipped , my nails continue to be very nice and I ACTUALLY HAVE TO CUT THEM because they get too long !
 Nutra Nail resolveu meu problema de unhas fracas e quebradias tanto dos p&eacute;s quanto das mos.Tamb&eacute;m consegui curar micose das unhas dos p&eacute;s .
 It 's hard to grade a product that takes a week to show its effects , but after I bought this product I feel that the number of times my nails breaks has decreased , which is a good thing.The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is because I 'm not sure if this product is why my nails are stronger . It certainly did n't stop my nails from breaking for the umpteenth time despite me using it , but I also can not rate this anything lower than 4 stars because I 'm not sure that I was not the one at fault breaking my nails ... Buy this without too high of an expectations . It will not turn your nails into acrylics . However , it will give you the sense of comfort and added protection which helps , if not physically then mentally .
 love it ! I dont smell the cinnamom as some reviewers have but oh well . If you like VS `` heavenly '' you will probably like this .
 This perfume took me by total surprise . I enjoyed the original Curve back when I was a teenager , but grew out of that style of fragrance and have not touched a Curve scent since . I tried this one because my sister in law gave it to me and I figured I might as well!The first thing I think when I smell it , is of those slightly sweet lavender baby products by Johnson and Johnson . This is a little powdery and definitely has some lavender in it and also a sweetness to it - which is not overwhelming and is far more toned down than , say , Pink Sugar.This is a very wearable scent - it 's not too youthful and not too mature , but instead lies in the middle in a very casual-scent territory . It has good throw and one or two spritzes will definitely do the job . I think it also makes a lovely room scent and I 've also sprayed it over my sheets -LRB- which you will want to avoid doing near your pillowcase of course -RRB- . I give this 4 out of 5 stars - lovely scent !
 This item was purchased for a Christmas gift . Purchased through Amazon this was an excellent value , saving more than 40 % of the retail cost . In addition , a great deal of time and money was saved in shopping online and the product was received in perfect condition and in a timely manner . The receipient of the Crush by Curve was totally satisfied , as was I , with this purchase from Amazon .
 I 've been wearing this fragrance for 4 years now . I always get compliments on its fresh and soft scent . It 's a great quality perfume and has a very reasonable price . I like it better than most more expensive perfumes . The look of the bottle is a little teenager-ish , but if your main goal is to smell pretty than this is a great scent to wear . It works well with the natural oils in my skin ; I have a pretty dry skin-type so it might not react the best to someone with an oilier complextion . All in all , it 's a very good buy . It would make a great gift for a high school-age girl . If she 's like me , she 'll start wearing it and keep on wearing it into adulthood .
 I used the original Curve for quite a while , thinking it was fantastic . Then this one came out and it 's 5 times better and gets me 5 times more compliments ! I agree with the other reviews that it does have a slightly cinnamon scent , but what I notice more is the vanilla/powdery notes and floral , maybe a little bit of musk . It 's a flirty , clean scent too , and it 's perfect for the office because it 's sweet but not too overpowering .
 GREAT FRAGRANCE AND PRICE , BUT THE BOTTLE LEAKS WHILE SPRAYING AND THEN DRIPS . HAVE TO BE CAREFUL WHERE SETTING IT DOWN , PLUS HAVE TO RINSE HANDS OFF AFTER USING .
 Fast shipping , they kept me updated of the shipping status , the product is exactly as described , excellent for the price , I ` m very satisfied with this purchase . Keep up this excellent service guys !!!!
 I went to the mall last night with the intent to buy Cool by Ralph Lauren . However , the lady at the perfume counter , whom I knew from previous perfume buying excursions , told me that a new Curve was out.I 've used the `` regular '' Curve for many years , loving it 's clean , fresh scent -- so I thought I 'd try the tester . I was pleantly surprised that the first thing I smelled was ... cinnamon ! Very unusual . My Mother was with me , and she thought it smelled great on me . I 'm usually drawn to the ultra-clean scents , and stay away from anything flowery or spicy.I thought that Cool smelled great , too , but my Mom said she thought it smelled awful . -LRB- But she does n't like clean scents ... -RRB- It took about 10-15 minutes for me to decide , but I thought I 'd take a risk and buy the new Curve Crush -- especially since I already had other clean scents like Cool.Boy am I glad I did ! I absolutely LOVE this scent ! It 's really grown on me in the last 24 hours . In fact , I just got a bath , and instead of using my shower splashes , I just * had * to use Curve Crush!My husband loves it , too , and says I smell like cinnamon bread . He jokingly told me `` I 'm going to sprinkle sugar on you in the morning ! `` It did n't occur to me to buy Curves Crush on Amazon.com ! I wish I had ... I would have saved myself $ 8 ! Of course , any scent smells differently on various people , but for me , Curves Crush smells so darn good that I think it 's going to become my `` signature scent '' . I 've never went this bananas over a perfume ... Maybe it 's the cinnamon !
 Curve Crush initially goes on quite strong , with an almost soapy smell however . After just an hour or two , however , it fades significantly , leaving behind a much softer , more powder-like scent . There is a vanilla quality to the fragrance as well as very slight floral notes . Overall , it 's a feminine fragrance with a youthful air about it -LRB- it 's mildly reminiscent of Love 's Baby Soft -RRB- . Curve Crush would be ideal for the woman who is looking for a very subtle , understated fragrance for everyday wear .
 I smelled this fragrance on a total stranger , but had to ask her what she was wearing . I immediately purchased my own Curve Crush the next day . I then purchased the lotion . I really like this fragrance a lot because it is not `` too '' anything . It , to me , is a powdery type of smell ... soft , and not overpowering . I wanted to mention a post here from some time back about Curve Crush smelling like cinnamon . The cologne , to me , does not at all ... However , the lotion DOES ! When you first put it on , there is definitely a cinnamon smell ! The cinnamon smell does fade away , though .
 I totally agree with Janet Boyer that this is the best perfume to come along in a long time , but I have to disagree with her about the cinnamon part . I think it smells extremely feminine , not at all spicy , and ` sorta ' flowery . The word that I think describes this scent is `` soft '' . It 's definitely romantic . Like Janet , I am definately making this my signature scent , I absolutely love it ! -LRB- I never go ga-ga over a perfume either ! -RRB-
 I am in love with this perfume . It was a gift to me a long time ago and I have been wearing Curve ever since . No obvious alcohol smell , not to fruity or strong . Just right . I usually purchase this item through the supplier
 That is what you will hear when you put on this velvety soft scent ! I love this fragrance for every day wear , be it jeans and a hoodie or dress down day casual at the office . Men as well as women always stop and ask me what am I wearing ? I think they ask more with this cologne than any of my more expensive ones . It is just that good ! If you are a fan of lavendar , baby powder and a bit of vanilla , this little spray-on is a treat !!!
 I seriously spray this stuff on even if no one is around so I can smell myself ! I get tons of compliments on Curve Crush . It is really sexy , warm , and feminine . the first thing I noticed about it was that when you spray it , even into the air , there is not even a trace of alcohol smell to it like there is with other perfumes . Its kinda hard to explain the smell , it is sorta musky and powdery . It smells exotic and clean at the same time , which is a weird mix but it works . Last all day too .
 As a guy , I always love smelling this on my lady . Definitely draws me close . I highly recommend it as a daily-wear perfume .
 This is the best smelling perfume I have ever tried !!! My husband absolutely loves it too . It 's a very clean and sweet smell .
 I do n't like many perfumes but this one is so soft and gentle . It smells great . This is a really good price for such a big bottle .
 I use to wear this scent in high school and I was so excited to find it at a great price . It lasts all day it I love
 I love Curve Crush . It 's one of those scents that never goes out of style . It 's very sexy . I 've gotten complimented on it every time I wear it.Definitely worth the price of $ 22 for the 3.4 oz bottle .
 Okay so i literalllyyy just got this in my hands like 5 mins ago the mail man brought it and i quickly opened it , it smells so great and when i say great im not kidding . its sweet and light . . good for anyyy occasion :] I got ithis for my big sisters birthday and this is one of her favorites . . great for a gift too !
 I bought this as a gift for my Sister . She said she wanted some perfume for Christmas and she liked Curve . I bought her this and she says she loves it . That 's good enough for me .
 There are very few perfumes I purchase immediatly after depleting , but this is without question my all time addiction . The scent is powder fresh , with hints of delicate spice and the bloodhounds always seem to come out of hiding when I 'm wearing it . Absolutely intoxicating !
 I love this perfume ! It was the right price ! I will definitely buy it again !
 People always tell me how good I smell when I wear this ! I love it .
 I have been wearing this for years . I get so many compliments on it . It is a light , sweet smell . Not overpowering like most perfumes . It 's wonderful !
 The price was superb ... even with shipping charges was cheaper than dept stores prices . Great service . Product arrived in perfect condition in just a few days .
 Really like Curve Crush because it is sweet and light and has just a bit of a powder smell to it . Reminds me of Lucky You for women only not as strong . Great to wear during the day . Great fragrance for a woman of any age . I say this one is a winner way better than the original Curve . I got many compliments wearing this .
 I just got Curve Crush as a Christmas gift from my sister-in-law , and may I say ... I LOVE it . I 'm the type of gal who is addicted to beauty products and I 'm really conscious about my outer appearance -LRB- including smell -RRB- and it seems like I wo n't have to worry about the later anymore . I could n't figure out exactly what Curve Crush smelt like , but after reading other reviews I would have to agree that it does have a soft , but very cinnamon-ish scent to it . And just like previews customers , I 'm going to make Curve Crush my signature scent !
 I think this perfume is wonderful . It is not my favorite , but pretty close . The smell is real soft and sweet . I think it is quite a bit better than the original curve . People compliment me more on this one than the original . I will definately buy this one again when I run out .
 My favorite fragrance and at a lower price than the department stores . Will purchase over and over . Love Love Love
 Gave this to my daughter as a Christmas present . She was very pleased with the bottle size , and fragrance , I was quite happy with the price .
 I am proud of this purchase . The price is great and the item is great . Speedy delivery and the fragance is not bad . Great for the price . Will definately make more purchases as its better than buying from expensive department stores . GREAT BUY . . THANKS .
 I usually just ca n't get enough of this perfume , and now on Amazon I can get a bigger bottle than most places offer for a heck of a deal ! Definitely not watered down to fill the bottle , this is the real deal for a great price !
 This by far the best perfume price I have ever seen . I thought the gift sets were good , this size is awesome .
 I stumbled on to this scent over a holiday season , but find it very hard to locate - so glad I can find it on Amazon - its a very soft , warm floral scent - softer version of the original Curve ... often after spraying , I feel like I can no longer smell it - but then someone compliments the scent and I think , wow ... its very soft , not intrusive , loud or offensive ... but just enough for people to notice
 Bought this for a Christmas gift for my mother , she absolutely loves the gift set . Definitely consider if you are looking for a quick gift .
 Product got here in two days !!!!!! I was super excited about that and it smells amazing ! Ca n't go wrong with a classic like Curve .
 This is definitely my scent , it 's subtle and soft , yet it stays with me all day . I 've been wearing it for quite some time , and frequently get compliments about how good I smell
 My sister is obsessed with this perfume , I brought it for her last year , when she was 13 , and I 'm buying this again for her this holiday as a stocking stuffer.It smells okay . It 's definitely not for me -LRB- 23 yr old -RRB- but my little sister loves it .
 Honestly , I was a bit skeptical about buying a fragrance online because some sites have watered down deals but it is the actual fragrance .
 Ordered this beatiful fragrance and it was shipped very fast in a hard shell . I just love the scent of this parfume . It is so simple elegant sensual relaxes ur thoughts and stress and whenever I smell this it makes me feel simple at home !
 I am loving this perfume . . I am a huge collector of frangrance and this is definitely a sweet powdery day fragrance . . very shower fresh smelling . Would be great for younger ladies or teachers , nurses etc where strong fragrance is not appropriate . . but still has a pleasant scent .
 I love fragerances and have a few which I use . I added this too my collection and EVERY time I wear it I get a compliment on how good I smell by a gentlemen ... nice way to spend the day : - -RRB-
 Always loved the aroma of this fragrance . Quite a surprise to see it on Amazon , but very happy I did .
 This perfume is not too strong but more on the medium scent . Why buy expensive perfume when you can have an equally pleasant experience . I like all curve scents and I think you will too . My boyfriend first commented how good I smelled when wearing curve and I wear a lot of scents and that has never happened . I find amazons price quite good also . I personally think curve is for the ages of 15 to 35 but would probably work well with all ages . Plus this perfume do n't make me sneeze like some do .
 I bought this without knowing what to expect . I was a little disappointed at first , but it has grown on me and I really like it now.It does n't last all that long and I find myself using more than I usually would . It 's good as am everyday perfume .
 I receive more compliments on this fragance . I 'd never heard of this fragrance prior to purchase . I love it !!!!!!!!!! . . It such a soft fragrance . Thank you Alfred Sung .
 Paradise Perfume by Alfred Sung , its light refreshing and everytime I smell it I feel sensual . I absolutly love this fragrance , Its hard to find and I found it here at AMAZON for a fraction of what I used to pay for it . It was shiped and delivered just as promised .
 I love to use matte cream eyeshaddow as a base for my eyemake-up . I love this particular one . It is a perfect color for ... not too white , not too tan . It is very neutral on my olive complection skin . I apply it over concealor , and them apply eyeliner . It helps keep my eyeshaddow on without smudging , or fading . It looks natural , so I can apply any color eyeshaddow -LRB- or none at all -RRB- over it . It brightnes my look , without looking noticable .
 Love this eye shadow . I 'm a makeup artist . I was throwing away some old makeup , and had a very old container with Calypso eye shadow by Trucco . It looked like a nice color and was almost used up . It looks brown , but can also pass for a dark mauve . It goes on very nice with a brush . So , I wondered why I had put the shadow to the side and stopped using it . I put on a little of the old eyeshadow and loved it . I looked in every store I knew sold makeup , but could n't find it . So I went to Amazon where I can find anything . I put the name in and there it was . So , I put it back among my favorites for me and my customers . NICE !
 The scent is just delicious . It 's not overpowering , I ordered 3 of these this time because I do n't want to be without it . I just love this scent and I have become addicted to it .
 I always get compliments about this fragrance and it 's my favorite . The vendor was prompt on delivery and there were no problems at all .
 This scent brings me back to my younger years ... It 's like a sweet candy . A few of my co-workers said it reminded them of bubble gum and cinnamon rolls . I really like this scent , it 's very different from my other perfumes .
 when my boyfried and i go out any place , people who stand besides me ask what perfume are you wearing ? i tell them it is aquolina pink sugar hair perfume . they say hair perfume and i tell them yes it is from amazon products , the company has great products . I tell people you can order the products off the internet under amazon . com
 I have been using this product for the past two years . A day does not go by without someone saying to me `` you smell so good !!! '' Strangers often walk next to me and ask me the name of the perfume . An endodontist asked me the name of the product so he could purchase it for his wife . I highly recommend this sweet smelling `` cotton candy '' like scent to you and the price point for the product is very reasonable . Only one downside to me . I ca n't smell it on myself anymore so everyone else gets the benefit and I do n't even know that I am still using Pink Sugar .
 That 's what people always say when they walk by my desk at work . When I tell them it 's my perfume , they are in disbelief that perfume could smell deliciously like pastries . Men and women compliment me all the time , and tell me the scent is sweet but mature . I am on my second bottle of this scent and plan to purchase the entire Pink Sugar collection . Next on my list is Chocolate Lovers .
 I was introduced to Pink Sugar by a friend years ago , and I have never forgotten it ! Truly amazing and long-lasting fragrance that is unforgettable ! Depressing how not many people know of Pink Sugar ...
 I love this product . I already have the perfume and it goes perfectly together .
 I purchased this product two separate times from QVC , but they do n't always carry it . I found it on Amazon.com , so now I do n't ever have to be without it ! I use this product a lot and love that I smell like a sugar cookie ! Thanks .
 I love this super sweet scent . It is so sensual . This scent also lasts for a long time , which I love .
 I had been searching for a fragrance I could wear everyday and feel confident that I smelled good to everyone , a scent that was not overpowering or shocking to the senses and this was it ! This fragrance is deliciously sweet , very light , and sure to please anyone who smells it on you ! Most importantly , my boyfriend loves it too ! The scent is a mix of vanilla , cupcakes , cotton candy , hint of citrus ... and more ! I highly recommend this if you like sweet candy scents !
 I am so happy with this purchase ... this started being popular when sephora first started carrying this fragrance ... i have so many fragrances but this one is an outstanding fragrance among my perfume collection =-RRB- yey
 I 'm one of those people that get headaches from strong scents . I had tried so many different perfumes , and had come to terms with the fact I was destined to live a life without a `` signature scent '' . I 'd read a description of Pink Sugar in a magazine and wanted to give it a try . I snagged a sample from the local Sephora . After several days of use I 'd discovered I had n't had a single perfume induced headache . I bought a full size bottle , and have been using it ever since . I despise floral fragrances and am so happy to find something that does n't make me smell like a rosebush . It is sweet smelling , but not overpowering . Love it !
 The scent is so wonderful I have received more compliments wearing this scent more than any other . I do n't have to use much and it does n't sting my skin like other perfumes -LRB- I have sensitive skin -RRB- . I will definitely buy this one again .
 First of all , everyone has a different body chemistry . I do n't suggest you buy this product blind . Go into a store , and use a Tester . I tried it on at Sephora . I loved it ! Try it on first!Second , this is n't a little girl 's scent on me ! It starts out citrusy , for a few minutes and then the floral notes come out to play . The citrus fades away and the red fruit comes out to mix with the florals turning it into a wonderful and sweet scent . Everything blends together so well that I ca n't even describe what it smells like , but it 's delicious ! The cotton candy finally comes out on top of the scent , but that does n't make it any less beautiful , it still smells like something a strong , powerful , sexy woman would wear . Eventually the floral scent becomes kinda powdery . The powder , red fruit , and cotton candy is such a lovely scent . It 's not overpowering to me at all.Cotton Candy is my favorite scent , and normally I would mind it being mixed with other things ... not this time ! This scent is now my signature scent . I 've got severe allergies , and it does n't cause me any problems with them . I 'm so happy with Pink Sugar ! No burnt notes for me , it 's not so sweet it 's sickening , it 's just incredibly beautiful . I expect my man to pull me into his arms and take a good long sniff when he smells me wearing this!If you do n't do a test sniff , and do n't like it , try just dabbing a little on . Or try it at a different time . Your body chemistry changes at different times . This scent is worth a second chance . And if all else fails ? You could give it to someone else . There are plenty of pink sugar lovers out there .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 16 year old sister . The smell is sweet and age appropriate , she never leaves the house without putting it on . I am so happy I purchased this for her it smells fabulous !
 I bought this for my daughter who is a tween . It smells like cotton candy and she loves it . Its a happy smell . Adults could wear as well too maybe after a shower or to uplift there mood .
 Every time I wear this perfume I always get lots of compliments ! It is very sweet smelling and not too heavy .
 Pink Sugar is a good everyday fragrance that is not overpowering or offensive . I receive many complements whenever I wear it .
 I cant believe how fast I received this , My daughter put this on her Christmas list , I just happened to find on Amazon , I am so amazed by great deal as well as quick ship . Thanks
 This scent is absolutely heavenly . It is for those ladies younger and more mature that want just a little hint of the feminine and the yummy -LRB- think cotten candy -RRB- to catch the senses of passersby .
 My 16 year old daughter LOVES her Pink Sugar ! She smells so yummy I am not sure I should let her out of the house ! I also surprised her with the hair perfume and the pink sugar deodorant . YUM .
 just buy it you 'll love it , but i would recommend it for teenagers and young women , but it your young heart dont let me stop you .
 Super fast delivery , authentic product , great price . Very sweet and fresh scent like baked cookies or donuts , but not overpowering . I 'm a big fan of DKNY Be Delicious and D&G Light Blue , so if you like those you might want to try out Aquolina Pink Sugar .
 This is a deliciously scented fragrance that leaves your senses as if lingering upon the pinkest sugary cotton candy cloud ... &#60; 3 it !!! You will not go wrong with this Pink Sugar .
 This is a great buy ! It smells absolutely wonderful . It is just the right size . It was just the right price too .
 I get tons of compliments when I wear this perfume , which usually come in the form of &#34; you smell sweet , like vanilla ! &#34; Great scent , not overpowering . Love it !
 Love the product and the price was right , Purchased 3 the price was so good . Sweet without smelling like cotton candy
 i love this scent , it smells amazing like cotton candy but more sophisticated , not like a bubblegum barbie perfume . i got so many compliments from this perfume . men love it , like they say men love perfume that smells like you can eat it . that 's this to the tee ! recommended !
 I have a friend who wears this often . I enjoy this scent for day time wear . The first time I bought it I got a smaller size , but this was a better value .
 I 've always wanted to try Pink Sugar and was glad to have found it on Amazon at a good price . It smells as good as I imagined , nice and sweet but not childish , although it does n't last more than a couple hours on me . I 'd recommend it to anyone who wants a different kind of scent .
 I have had this perfume before and love it . This was a great purchase ! I 'm glad I was able to find it on-line .
 I sampled this perfume at some big-box fragrance store and then headed straight to Amazon to pick it up at a reasonable price.Pros
 You really ca n't go wrong with this scent . It was well worth it and the transaction was as smooth as can be ! Amazon has done it againand the seller was accredited , so it means much more ! The perfume lasts pretty much all day . It gives a sweet/sexy smell and I 'm sureyou will -LRB- all -RRB- love it !
 I hastily concluded that the item I received was fake since it did not bare the brand name Aquolina on the box or the bottle . However , after some research I recently discovered that the recent production of the perfume is solely titled `` Pink Sugar . '' Here is the website of the manufacturer as proof
 This perfume is quite girly and sweet , just like cotton candy , I do n't use it so often -LRB- usually I perfer a more feminine one -RRB- , but it brings happiness.Pink Sugar lasts for a long time , and it 's a great value here buying from Amazon .
 I love Pink Sugar . The hair perfume is a nice complement to the fragrance . The scent of the hair perfume is light , but long lasting .
 I already knew i loved this scent because i have the perfume . It truely smells sweet and edible and the hair perfume make my hair smells wonderful . When i hug my friends they often mention how good my hair smells . i would recommend this to any woman reading this .
 Like all the other reviews , if you like sweet smelling perfumes then this is perfect . It makes me feel young at heart when I wear it and very girlie . The dry down is much better than the initial spray . It lasts a very long time .
 I love this stuff ! It 's a nice , sweet smell that lasts for hours . It does n't weigh your hair down or make it feel crusty ... it really is just a hair perfume . It is great for those days that you do n't wash you hair but want it to smell like you just washed it : -RRB-
 This perfume is very sweet and delicious ! It smells just like cotton candy ! I get a lot of compliments on this , it 's worth a try !
 I absolutely love this stuff ! It smells like cotton candy , but not like a cheap tween perfume . I always receive compliments when I wear it : -RRB-
 Pink Sugar Body Cream is not so much a cream as it is an opaque gel . It jiggles kind of like a Jell-O dessert , and it certainly smells good enough to eat ! It absorbs quickly and is not at all heavy . Another plus is that it 's richly scented so that you can wear only the body cream and still smell Pink Sugar all day . It has the same bergamot top note which eventually fades into a soft , powdery cotton candy and vanilla aroma . It 's great for cold weather , dry skins or as a gift or treat for anyone who loves Pink Sugar .
 This is the most amazing , intriguing , and YUMMY perfume my wife has ever tried . As long as everyone on the planet is NOT using it she 'll keep it in her arsenal . She 's one of those that has to be different so if this ever gets popular she 'll choose something else.This stuff smells like a mix between cotton candy and subtle fresh baked cookies without that sickly sweet smell of other `` candy '' style perfumes.I ca n't possibly say how much I love this stuff . It 's that good.As a bonus it 's cheaper on Amazon than on other sites .
 I was so excited when i got back from our family trip and found Pink Sugar in the mail . Most people say it smells sweet and sugary but i get more of a sweet spicey smell . It was very cheap and not a knock off and the stain power is wonderful ! If you want this perfume , u should go sample it at a store first but most people like the scent . I was shocked when i went to the store and found out that the full size was $ 60 . Thats insane . I got it from here for $ 25 . It came very quick too.I really like this and its definitely one of my favorites .
 I wear this perfume daily and get compliments all the time . Been buying it for 4 years and highly recommend it . It 's not overbearing and can be worn at work , at play or for going out . I ca n't say enough about this product .
 fast shipment ... beautiful bottle ... no cap on top of box ... no biggie :-RRB- thank youwould order again and am very happy with my perfume
 From reading the reviews I was kind of skeptical if this would be good for me . Heavy scents are not good on me , so I look for the lighter , feminine ones that compliment me personally . This one is very feminine , light & sweet . One note is this scent is sweet enough for a younger teenager , yet still feminine enough for someone older . To me this scent is flirty , feminine , soft & a little bit sensual . Great combination for a perfume .
 I had heard LOTS of great things about this perfume , and its sweet sugary scent . I wanted it so badly but I decided to look for the fragrance in the stores around the mall . A 1 ounce bottle was $ 40.00 , and I right away knew that it would be cheaper online . Here on amazon , it is bigger and for a CHEAPER price . Well anyways , the perfume is perfect ! I use it mostly during the morning and afternoon , since it is a perky , and cupcake type of smell . It is probably the perfume that I throw in my bag the most on the way to school . If you spray generous amounts daily it will last you months .
 I like this perfume , but I do not love it ... yet . maybe with time ? Smells very sweet and is different than what I would usually buy myself . I usually wear Clinique Happy Heart or Happy in Bloom . It smells good , but the first time I wore it I got a major headache from it . I know this is the real deal . It has all the same labels/names/packaging / appearance so I 'm not sure what some of these other people got , but mine is the real deal so the price with shipping is a great deal . I have n't worn it around anyone to see what anyone else thinks about it , so I 'm hoping it will grow on me once I 've worn it more and if it gets good reactions from other people , and I 'm hoping if I apply less I wo n't get such a bad headache . Overall I am happy with my purchase , arrived super quick and I would recommend this product.P.S . It smells like cotton candy .
 I LOVE this EDT spray ! I found a bottle at a Florida flea market and have been ordering bottles from Amazon ever since ! I hope it never gets discontinued !
 This perfume almost always gets me compliments . I use the perfume and the hair perfume . I have been using it for about 4 years . It is my HG perfume . It smells like cotton candy , sugar cookies , and vanilla . People can smell it wherever I go . I have to admit it 's powerful and some people do n't like powerful perfumes , just a warning . I have never been insulted though . People say things like `` I normally do n't like perfume , you smell amazing . '' or `` perfume normally gives me a headache but yours does n't ! It 's great ! '' or most common `` You smell delicious ! Have you been baking ? '' I like powerful perfume and I am usually disappointed when my perfume does not last . This last and is powerful . I almost always use the hair perfume , even with other scents I try . The perfume I use probably about 5/7 days a week . I do n't wear it to interviews though . If you like vanilla , cotton candy , or sugar cookies you 'll enjoy this . If you do n't like strong perfumes this is not for you . I use it almost every day and a 3.4 oz of the EDT typically last me 1 and a half years . The hair perfume I go through more quickly because I have long hair . It 's GREAT !
 Im really enjoying this product ! And still afters u spray it u still can smell it on u later ! I get compliments all the time cuz everyone saythey love cotton candy ; -RRB-
 This is just heavenly ! I love the smell . It last all day long ! I will for sure be purchasing this item again !
 Pink sugar is a happy smell . Reminds me of pink cotton candy , and summer time . It 's not overpowering . I usually apply it a couple times a day .
 I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this scent . It does n't last very long , which is to be expected since it is EDT . I really wish they would come out with an EDP version . I was recently told by one of my students that if he had a girlfriend , he would want her to wear this perfume . Needless to say , I DO NOT wear this perfume to work anymore ! Otherwise , it 's my `` go-to '' scent . Not flowery , not musky -- it has a sweet and warm scent .
 I was worried that this may be fake due to the lack of Aquolina name , but like another reviewer said , this is just the new bottle/packaging ! Here is the Italian website to compare . -LSB- ... -RSB- That being said , it smells very yum ! :-RRB- the licorice scent is very strong at first but after a little bit goes away . Just give it some time ! I ca n't stop smelling myself . : -RRB-
 Love love love pink sugar ... shower gel makes skin feel soft , will definitely get again and again . Love the aroma . have ordered other items in the line they are all great
 It smells great , and it makes a great gift - although the lady I bought it for says she has smelled it on others , which somewhat takes away the `` surprise '' factor for me , as a gift-giver . I guess I should have known that , seeing that it 's the top seller in fragrances on Amazon , but she seems really , really happy , so that makes me glad . Plus ... -LRB- fill in this area with your own imagination . -RRB-
 This is awesome , I read reviews and heard my daughter rave about it , and it lived up to the compliments . I love this , its the new fave in my house : -RRB-
 my sister had wanted this scent for a long while so i thought that i would finally get it for her for christmas . she loves her gift !
 I bought the Pink Sugar EDT Spray because I just love it !! This is the second time I order it through Amazon and could n't be happier . The scent is so nice ... sweet , almost smells like cotton candy , vanilla-ish and not over bearing . I get compliments from people all the time and they ask what perfume I 'm wearing . Ladies ... guys love the scent ! My boyfriend loooooves it ! I want to get the body cream next . : -RRB-
 I had a sample of this Eau de Toilette and had fallen in love with it . I could not find it at any stores that I went to . Surprisingly one day I found it at Amazon by accident . It was a steal at $ 26.99 :D I love the Vanilla , lemon , citrusy sweet scent ... . very delicious ; -RRB- It had free shipping and arrived in 2 days ... . I was very pleasantly surprised :-RRB- Item exactly as shown .
 As my years have progressed , naturally certain tastes of mine have changed . My clothes , of course , are more conservative and chosen for comfort . All of my shoes tend to be flats with the occassional 2 '' heel that I need for a special event . But when it comes to fragrance , I still embrace a wide array of scents from deep and spicy to lush tropical notes and everything in-between . Pink Sugar is one of those scents that I would have worn as a much younger lady yet it still holds great appeal for me now that I 'm in my early 50 's . It 's a sweet , warm scent rich in vanilla notes but it does n't end up smelling like body powder for an octogenarian . It may not be for every -LRB- scents -RRB- ibility , but I 'm enjoying the heck out of .
 This is not a scent for every lady . There are some women that only wear a deeper , spicier fragrance or one that has brighter , airy tones . However , I 'm not one of those ladies . I love beautiful aromas all across the spectrum . Pink Sugar is a deep , sweet , warm scent that is infused with the lasting smell of vanilla bean . It 's perfect for a chilly winter day when you want to surround yourself with the aroma of cookies baking in the oven . And when applied directly after your shower , Pink Sugar Body Mousse gives great staying power to the Pink Sugar eau de toilette that you layer on over it . It 's my guilty sweet-treat pleasure without having to take in the carbs .
 This stuff makes your hair smell amazing!It is very light and not overbearing at all.It does not wear hair down at all.It smells like cotton candy but not as sweet.I like to spray it in my hair right after I wash it and it leaves a nice sweet scent in my hair.If I wear hairspray in my hair I spray it a couple times after !
 I get a lot of compliments with this perfume . It lasts a really long time and smells like cake and candy .
 I bought this fragrance because someone recommended it to me and because of the great reviews in here . All I knew about it was that it was very sweet . I really like sweet fragrances so I thought I would give it try since it had great reviews and it was very inexpensive . The packaging is so cute ! It 's adorable ! I love it :-RRB- -LRB- like I do n't have enough pink perfumes already lol -RRB- . The perfume does smell very very sweet . It basically smells like candy . I feel like eating it sometimes haha . I obviously expected it to be sweet based on the reviews , the name -LRB- `` Pink Sugar '' I mean c'mon -RRB- and the packaging itself but for some reason I thought it was going to be a little bit more grown up . It reminds me of my first `` perfumes '' or scented lotions from when I was little which is not really a bad thing but it just comes to show that the scent is more childish than I thought . It also sometimes reminds me of baby powder which I really do n't like because although I actually like the smell of baby powder I think it is kind of cheap for a perfume or body spray to smell like baby powder . Maybe it 's just me but baby powder scents make me think of low quality for some reason haha.I do however really like this fragrance because even thought it seems kind of cheap when I smell it right out of the bottle , when I put it on the cheapbabypowderlike scent is not noticeable anymore and it just leaves a very very sweet , pleasant fragrance on my skin and I really like it . Surprisingly it does n't make my head hurt or bother me considering it is very sweet . It 's just such a yummy , pretty , innocent scent and I feel super girly when I wear it :-RRB- . What I also like about this fragrance is that I can wear it even on the most casual day ever because it does n't really smell like `` perfume '' Maybe that does n't make sense at all haha but what I mean is that it 's not strong so I do n't feel super dressed up with it . It could easily be my shampoo or my body lotion or my soap that smells sweet and nice and I like that :-RRB- Is my girly no commitment fragrance : -RRB-
 I love perfume and this is definitely a favorite.It smells ... delicious . It does n't smell fake , it smells like something you want to EAT . I suppose that is where the name comes from . The packaging is pretty and the presentation is really girly in a grown up girl kinda way.It goes on bright and clean , with a bit of sparkle to it , like sugar cookies with pink sugar ! It 's well named ! It stays true , but softens down so it is more subtle sunny/oriental/floral . I 've got several compliments on it .
 I love Aquolina pink sugar products - this one in particular is wonderful if you like a substantial feeling cream for your nonfacial skin .
 I have worn this scent for 4 years now and everyone loves it . The banks tellers to the grocery check out people always ask what it is . Love it
 I had a sample of this perfume and I loved it so I decided to buy a bottle of it . The price is reasonable , the size is perfect , it arrived within a few days of ordering it , the case is cute , and it smells really good ! Now I smell like candy all day : -RRB-
 This perfume was $ 15.00 cheaper online then in stores . It smells just like liquid candy . I love it . Good amount of product for money.Pink Sugar by Aquolina for Women - 3.4 Ounce EDT Spray
 Wow ! Finally something I like enough to wear everyday . My favorite perfume is a little too expensive to wear all the time so I 'm am very excited to find an alternative at a great price .
 This is another perfume i bought without knowing how it smell and i LOVE IT OMG it smells so good and fruity and last a long time i will be getting another bottle .
 I love this perfume ! It smells so sweet and yummy . Every time that I put it on I get complimented on how good I smell , and who does n't love that ? Before I bought it online , I went to Sephora to smell it and try it on and I instantly fell in love with it . I waited patiently to order it online though , instead of right then and there . Because from Amazon it was about $ 20.00 dollars cheaper . Oh how I love Amazon . Anyway , this perfume is great and it only takes a little to smell so wonderful all day . I love it , my boyfriend loves it , and I have yet to be told that it is too strong or too overwhelming . I suggest getting it if you want to smell good and feel good !
 omg i just recieved it today i love it !! it kinda smells like a mix between vanilla and cotton candy .
 I bought this fragrance after I received a sample from a Sephora store and instantly fell in love with the sweet and soft smell . Even though the smell tends to fade away after a few hours , if you spray it directly on your clothes the fragrance will follow you all day long . This is also the cheapest price I could find Pink Sugar anywhere .
 Love , Love , Love this yummy scent . Smells like vanilla and cotton candy . Only perfume I will wear and do wear . Does not give me a headache like some perfumes do . Light scent , yet so fun and yummy smelling . Everyone compliments me on it when I 'm wearing it , asks what I 'm wearing . I will never wear another kind . My all time favorite .
 I love Pink Sugar-It smells just like cotton candy ! Whenever I wear it someone inevitably asks me what perfume I 'm wearing . It is the perfect summer scent and , HANDS DOWN , Amazon has the best pricing out there -LRB- I 've payed triple at Nordstrom in the past -RRB- . Great buy -
 I bought this as a replacement for the discontinued Hard Candy perfume . I think Pink Sugar smells delish and is a nice change . I do n't find it to have any staying power . I am not sure if I bought a dud , got ripped off or what . I will try and get a sample from Sephora and compare . But it does smell good just does n't stick around .
 I was worried that this was going to end up being a scam where they dilute the perfume or it was n't the right version . But , as it turned out , it was actually exactly what I was looking for with the same great scent ! I am very pleased with my purchase -LSB- ... -RSB- ! This is an amazing price for an amazing perfume ! I look forward to doing business with this supplier in the future ! Thank you !
 This has a cotton candy smell . It 's good to wear when you want to feel fun and flirty . I get a lot of compliments when I wear this .
 Wonderful product !!! It is a mixture of vanilla , cotton candy and marshmallows . Every time I walk by , someone comments on how yummy and delicious I smell . The perfume is amazing and reasonably priced . Pair with the body lotion and you are set . My new signature scent .
 Pink Sugar is like aromatherapy ! The scent is addictive and always makes me feel energized and happy . Vanilla is the most obvious note , however on me the perfume takes on a warm caramel citrus scent too . The scent is so unique and lovely . Although it is a very feminine fragrance Pink Sugar is not cloying or obnoxious but complex , sophisticated , and playful . My co-workers love when I arrive to work in the morning because I smell so great . I love to spray it in my hair so i can enjoy the fragrance all day . Sometimes my friends and family will grab a handful of my hair just for a sniff !
 Obviously fragrance is a very personal matter . Because we all have our own personal body chemistry , one fragrance can smell quite different on various people . For that reason , I am not going to urge you to buy Pink Sugar . I can only say that I love this fragrance ! I first smelled it at a Sephora store some time ago and I could not get the scent out of my mind . I finally bought some and I love it so much I am now on my second bottle . I pretty much wear it daily . I find it hard to categorize . When you first put it on it does smell like a mix of cotton candy and vanilla , but as the day goes on the smell deepens . It is actually a very complex scent and it is really hard to describe.I absolutely adore this fragrance - but will you ? The best thing to do is to go to a Sephora or Ulta store and try it . Obviously lots of people love Pink Sugar and maybe you will as well .
 LOVE this perfume . I am someone that does n't like a strong scent . This smells a bit like the old `` Love Soft '' with a bit more of a floral/vanilla undertone . If you like bakery smells , this is for you . I 've actually had it on and people have said , do you smell cupcakes ? -LRB- men LOVE this ! -RRB- Fresh , clean and for old or young . My mom , who 's in her 70 's loves the shower gel . Cheers you up !
 I smell like a bakery & my husband loves it ahha ! My daughters think I smell like cotton candy . Reminds me of cupcakes ! Either way I LOVE IT ! I do n't eat sweets hardly but I really do love the smell of this stuff ... Does linger so a little goes a LOOOONG way ! Found myself swishing my hair to smell it ! ahah !
 This stuff is so deliscious especially if u do n't wash yr hair everyday I love love love this fragrance I want to own everything aquolina makes
 LOVE THIS STUFF !! Completely addicted , my new favorite scent . Get tons of compliments all the time about how great it smells . And you ca n't beat the price.To me it really smells like sweet pink lemonade with a little bit of cotton candy . I end up sniffing myself throughout the day because it smells so good.If your body chemistry works well with sweet smells you should definitely give this a try . It 's well worth the money and the 3.4 ounce lasts a long while -LRB- believe me I practically bathe in the stuff and it stills last about 6 months -RRB- . BUY IT !
 I have tried many designer brands in the past . This is the ONLY one I have ever gotten continuous excellent comments on . From the youngest to the oldest . Love love love this perfume . It has become my signature scent . Will ALWAYS buy it !
 It 's so noisy at the Fair and all your friends are there . - Neil YoungThe scent of Pink Sugar is like pure cotton candy straight from the County fairground . `` Pink Sugar '' is my signature fragrance . I keep a bottle of Pink Sugar in my purse at all times . It smells like cotton candy and reminds me of my childhood glory days at the County Fair.Pink Sugar perfume smells just like sweet , fluffy , pink cotton candy and everyone LOVES it and asks me what perfume are you wearing ? Seriously , guys , girls , young , old , dogs , cats , I mean everyone loves the scent and I get compliments daily . So why the hell would I not wear it?Note - FYI 08/18/2011 - I was concerned after reading a few reviews stating that this perfume is not the authentic Aquolina Pink Sugar perfume . I verified that the `` Pink Sugar '' perfume you and I order from Amazon.com is NOT `` fake '' and is authentic after conducting research . The new `` Pink Sugar '' perfume bottles do not say Aquolina on the bottle anymore.The parent company is called Selectiva S.P.A. and is printed on the bottom of the bottle.I also know that Amazon.com would not jeopardize their legendary reputation by selling a knockoff or fake version of one of their best-selling perfumes .
 This product is truly awesome . I love the sweet smell , it covers up any hair product smells left behind . The only thing was i had one before and on a recent trip it was in my makeup case well packed , the case fell EVERYTHING in the case was perfectly fine except this product . The top part where the bottle connects to the sprayer snapped in half . But it was so great I purchased another one ! So if you travel a lot i 'd recommend packing it in a zip lock or something water proof to avoid breakage issues .
 Yeah ... it smells JUST like cotton candy . It 's kinda delicious . I would have given it 5 stars if it lasted longer during the day . The scent just disappears before the end of the work day -LRB- on me anyhow -RRB- . Sweet , yummy , and great for summer !
 Got this for my girlfriend and she loves this stuff , so I am giving it a positive review . My knowledge of perfume is extremely limited , but you know how it goes ... make the lady happy and you 'll be happy .
 The bottle is a little smaller than I thought it would be . However , I use it almost every day and it has barely gone down , so it obviously lasts a long time and it smells amazing !
 This is my favorite perfume . Smells great , great buy from amazon saved some money . Shipping was fast purchased on 5/5/11 . Packaging was great . Would buy from again . So happy with my purchase .
 I love this fragrance its smells like Cotton Candy and Marshmallows =] ~ also the staying power is great for a EDT it outlasts most of my EDP perfumes . . The price can not be beat here on amazon.com $ 29.99 for a 3.4 oz is a DEAL it retails for $ 55 . . the Free shipping is great i ordered 1/22/08 and recieved 1/24/08 just 2 DAYS LATER !! great service with AMAZON !!
 I 've worn this smell for over a year -- it 's awesomely delicious . I could n't believe the 3.4 ounce bottle was only 30 bucks ! At Sephora you 'd pay 55 plus tax . Awesome .
 Pink Sugar is the best perfume I have ever used ! It 's light enough to not overwhelm , but has just the right amount of feminine fragrance to get noticed ! It has a sweet , yet clean scent that is AMAZING !!!
 If you 're not sure you 'll like it , try it at sephora or Ulta . If you like it , buy it here . It 's cheaper !!
 This perfume is an A + . The smell is very sweet . Feel very relaxed smelling like that . The price is incredible . The shipping was very , very fast . I am totally satisfied with this product . Totally buying it again in the future .
 This is my all-time favorite perfume , BAR NONE ! I get millions of compliments when I wear it ; most people think it smells like baking cookies or marshmallows - but not a little girl scent - definitely a grown up girl scent . Men love it because it smells like food - a definite turn on ! LOL : -RRB- You truly can not go wrong with this perfume , it is absolutely faboo !
 After years of searching I 've finally found the perfect perfume . Pink Sugar makes me feel fabulous when I wear it ; it 's so light and ` warm ' with a base of sensual vanilla . I have the large bottle , body mousse & deodorent at home , and the smaller bottle in my handbag . I do n't get bored with this fragrence , like I do with everything else I 've tried over the years.The first time I wore Pink Sugar to work one colleague commented on the aroma of drinking chocolate as I was in the lift with her . The next time I was in the lift , everyone commented on my lovely vanilla perfume . After I applied a freshen up spray , another colleague said she could smell cakes ! Yet another colleague demanded to know what I was wearing , and where she could get some . Strangers come up to me in the street to ask what scent I 'm wearing ... No this is n't a cheesy ad , it really happened !! What do I sense first ? Liquorice , a rich aniseed scent that gradually settles into a middle note of caramel . Marshmallow is the first word that springs to mind to me.If you like Angel , Fantasy or Princess you need to give this a try ! * Aquolina needs to make Pink Sugar available to the U.K. - Postage and packing costs a fortune !!!
 The Pink Sugar by Aquolina Shimmering Perfume Roll-on did not look quite like the one pictured , witch made me think they sent me some cheap copy . I 've done some research and found that the company that shipped it sent me the Pink Sugar Shimmering Perfume Roll-On &#34; no color &#34; version , witch works for my sensitive skin anyways . It smells sweet and I love this line of perfume .
 I get compliments on this . It 's light and fun ! I bought it without smelling it first , based on the reviews . I was looking for &#34; Angel Rocker &#34; and found it was supposed to be a clone of this .
 got this for my girlfriend and she loves it , smells sweet and will last forever cause all you need is a small spray and your covered and she says she receives many compliments that she smells good . .
 This perfum lasts ALLDAY ! If you like smelling like candy and all sweet , this is a must have . I wear it in the afternoons and sometimes spray it on before bed , so that special someone cravesssssss me !!!! LOL
 This hair perfume makes me feel better from the inside out -LRB- not to mention smell better too ! -RRB- I do a couple spritz on my hair each morning when it 's down . The smell immediately comes out on me . At first it smells like licorice , then after a few minutes , sinks right into cotton candy . Then sugar cookies , and back to cotton candy again ! All with a hint of vanilla & caramel at the end . So basically , everything it 's selling itself for -LRB- : Since it 's a hair perfume , it does wonders for your hair too . I noticed my hair was softer , and shiny , with less flyaways ! Amazing ! Did I mention how great it smells?When you buy this perfume DEFINITIVELY expect compliments . People ask , `` what smells so good ? '' I 've had people say , you smell like candy , or you smell like cookies!Maybe it is a fake , because it does n't say Aquolina anywhere , but it 's a darn good fake that I 'd be willing to buy again , and again . And it does n't last that long , but when it does , it 's strong ! So another spritz over a 6 hour period makes it a-ok . But I 'm not picky -LRB- ; It 's so perfect for springtime , and at such a low cost , you would be foolish to pass it up . GET IT !!
 I like the fruity flirty scent of Aquolina 's Pink Sugar perfume . The hair perfume is a wonderful addition to the collection . People have commented on the scent as I breeze past them and I have noticed the scent lingers on into the next day before I wash it out of my hair . The formula is light weight and not at all greasy or oily . My hair is very fine with loose waves and is susceptible to the weight of most hair products .
 I absolutely LOVE this perfume ! I smelled it on someone and had to have it . If you like soft , warm scents , you will love this perfume . Exactly what I wanted , I 'm very happy .
 Long lasting fragrance it is vanilla like . it leaves you with a baby soft skn . a lot comes in the container absolutely love it
 I 've been using this since it first came out , people stop me and ask me what I 'm wearing - mostly women and they look so happy from the scent . . This scent is sweet and does put you in happy mood , cotton candy , marshmellows , yum.Its really great for the spring/summer , in the fall/winter i use oriental deeper scents . I just love this /
 I love this scent !! I am a huge vanilla and sugar scent fan . I use this with Victoria 's secret Vanilla Lace , and Cotton Candy body deodorant . It has a sugary smell with strong hints of vanilla and cotton candy , and it lasts for hours . I only gave it 4 stars because I 'm pretty sure the bottle I bought here from Amazon was a fake . It did not say Aquolina anywhere on the bottle , packaging , or case . Also I have seen this for $ 20 in stores instead of the $ 26 here .
 i am always getting compliments on this perfume everywhere i go so i absolutely love it and love it more when i can find a good deal on it ~ !
 I bought this for my teenage daughter for Christmas . She loves the smell . It is a light , sweet fragrance . It is is suitable for an adult as well .
 Pink sugar is amazing ! It is a nice blend of cotton candy and other sweet fragrences . It is the perfect gift for teens . It is not to strong , nor light . Pink sugar will leave you smelling good for hours . I told all my friends about pink sugar , and now they all have it . I highly reccomend this to every teenager , like me .
 Pink Sugar is perfect for teens , nice and sweet perfume . Pink Sugar is a fresh smell of cotton candy , perfect for parties , and I am 14 and I highly reccomend to all teens and friends , This perfume will leave you a beautiful splash of cotton candy all day
 This is my all time favorite perfume and Amazon sells it for so cheap !!! At sephora its $ 50 and up . I was excited to see this on here . It smells so yummy . I have a small one for my purse and a large one for at home = -RSB-
 Wonderful scent . Smells different on different people . Reached my house in 10 days . Very affordable compared to other perfumes out there . I love the sugar and candy notes .
 A long time favorite , it 's sweet and smells delicious . This was a great price for a large bottle and it came very quickly .
 I 've used this product for several years and really enjoy it . Everytime I used it , a co-worker always thought it smelled like freshly baked cookies in the area , I never let on that it was the scent I was wearing !
 I like it ! The smell is light not as strong as I would like , but it feels good on the skin . It 's a mousse feel not like typical lotion feel . I am pretty happy with it . I think next time I will try the lotion instead of the mousse .
 Rarely , if ever , do I care much about packaging , but Pink Sugar certainly is an exception . The cylender containing the perfume has textured , pink stripes on the top and sides -- stripes that are 3D & you can feel the slight rubberiness touching them . The observant shopper will notice the hot pepper on the cylender label , indicating the spicy `` adult '' nature of this EDT . The top comes off easily , revealing a fragrance bottle wrapped with a piece of white cardboard to keep it safe . The cap of the perfume is frosted pink , with fuschia metallic ribbons on the cap and sides of the bottle . The packaging alone will definitely appeal to the kid in you . I will have a hard time throwing it away , if I do that at all . The fragrance itself is fantastic , starting off with that slightly peppery bergamot note on top of the sweetness , then dries to a powdery cotton candy finish after the pepper disappears . 2 hours after applying , it still retains that sweet note -- but not so sweet that it does n't have an uplifting , fresh feel to it . This is different from any other `` Oriental '' fragrance I have ever smelled , but gorgeous enough that I strongly recommend it to anyone who loves fragrances in that category , OR anyone who ca n't decide between Earl Grey tea and a vanilla cappuccino in the morning . Definitely a fragrance that says that you are old enough to know better , but still too young to care -LRB- in a good way -RRB- .
 I love this perfume ! It has a very subtle sweet scent that guys love ! It is very long lasting , so you do n't have to re-apply throughout the day . I have yet to meet someone who does n't enjoy the scent of Pink Sugar -- it is GREAT !
 I love this product!Its great as a finishing spritz to tame the fly-aways , and its the perfect little cherry on the top of your perfuming ritual . -LRB- I am also guilty of using at as a quick freshen up spray perfume in the car - the silicone dries instantly and didnt stain my white cotton blouse . -RRB- Its a lot lighter in scent than the EDP , but I experienced an almost all day staying power and would often snatch a swatch of hair and inhale throughout the day.On days when I cant be bothered going through the hair straightening routine with the pre-hairdrying serum , the GHD 's , straightening spray and finishing serum - I simply spray my wet hair liberally with Pink Sugar Hair Mist and allow it to dry naturally . The result is a frizz controlled , soft and shiny head of hair that smells divine . On dry hair , you want to be a little more frugal , unless you like the look of your hair being dipped in a deep fryer of cooking oil.I give this product 8 stars out of ten . One star is lost because of the price it costs to get this precious nectar all the way to my home in New Zealand -LRB- okay , so I 'm lashing out unfairly . . -RRB- and one star is lost because I 'm dubious about how good these silicones really are for ones hair.But , in saying this - I 'm happy to bury my head in the sugar for the pleasure of how delicious this smells , and how it makes my hair look and feel .
 Pink Sugar is a lovely sweet , cotton Candy , vanilla , soft , fluffy cloud of a scent . The packaging is VERY cute and the product line is so extensive ! I especially love the Perfume however the Deodorant is REALLY nice as well . The hair perfume was a MUST try and I was NOT disappointed . This is a wonderful way to wear Pink Sugar ! It also has ingredients to help with shine without adding greasiness . I love spraying this in my hair even when I am not wearing my Pink Sugar Perfume . * I also own the body souffl&eacute; and the body lotion . Would love to try the body oil ! If you love Pink Sugar you NEED this product !!!
 this hair perfume leaves your hair smelling fresh and clean . everyone who i hug wants to know what im wearing . me and my sisters love this product . if you dont like sweet vanilla with a hint cotton candy this wont be the scent for you .
 Pink Sugar is a wonderful scent . I have received many compliments on this fragrance . Its not a strong scent nor is it perfumey . It is however a sweet scent . Everyone i know that has this fragrance loves it . At this price $ 32.14 for 3.4 oz spray you can not find it cheaper anywhere else and free shipping on top of that . I say buy it you can not go wrong !
 that 's it ... it actually looks shimmery , so it looks good as well as smelling good . I actually prefer the roller to spray because it is easier to control the level of scent .
 this is the best scent EVER . its sweet , and heavenly . . not heavy at all , , . it doesnt smell all perfumy more of a sweet clean candy smell . . its delicious but mature not kiddie like some cheap walmart perfume . its great . and sexy ... YOUR MAN WILL LOVE IT
 This is a wonderful moisturizer as it has Meadowfoam Seed oil in it . I love things with this oil in it as they are highly moisturizing yet they soak right into the skin and are not greasy . This moisturizer does have mica in it that lends a slightly sparkly effect , but it is not noticable once it is applied to the skin . It is a body mousse so it has an almost yogurt-like cool texture that is very nice . The smell of this cream was quite strong . When I wear this I can smell it on me all day and do not need to follow up with the EDT .
 I first sampled this fragrance walking through a department store . I instantly liked the fragrance , one that smelled very similar to cotton candy , with subtle tones of vanilla . I 'm not a big fan of vanilla fragrances , but this one struck me as delicious . A few weeks later , I returned to the store only to find that the fragrance had been sold out . Luckily , I found the product on Amazon.com . I bought it , received the free shipping , and received it a couple of days later!My husband loves this fragrance on me . Coworkers have commented on how nice and subtle it is . I like how unique the fragrance is , light , airy , nostalgic , not overpowering ... I will definitely buy this product again .
 Love the color , the cream , and the compact . It is cute and the fragrance is nice .
 I had a problem with my purchase and thought that since it was done online like some places that was that . I sent an email back to them -LRB- from work -RRB- and I explained what happen to my order . By that morning -LRB- get off work at 7am -RRB- around 8:30 am someone from the company called and promise to correct my order . Less than a week later I had my order and was very happy with my purchase.I would make another purchase from AAA Perfume Merchants again .
 I saw this same product on another website and the cost was much higher plus you had to pay shipping . Amazon offered it at a lower price with free shipping . Shipped quickly . Smells sooo good ! Very satisfied
 I really enjoy the smell of this , although as a moisterizer it could be better .
 Pink Sugar By Aquolina For Women . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 Ounces
 This perfume smells wonderful ! It was shipped fast and came with a little magazine to look through for other products . Great company !
 I am happy with the buy , finish of receiving it in excellent conditions , considering the great distance . Thank you very much , I am very satisfied ! 100 % advisable .
 This smells so good . Nice and sweet , perfect for summer . the price is great too !
 I LOVE this perfume . I think it is the best on the line . If you want a unique scent get this . People always ask me `` what are you wearing , what is that smell ? '' It gets everyones attention.The product was at my house 3 days after placing the order .
 I get nothing but compliments when I wear this ! I love it ! I am 29 ...
 I received my bottle yesterday , used it last night and when I woke up the scent was still on me . It smells absolutely delicious !!!! A must buy ... a fun , flirty scent : -RRB-
 My daughter loves this stuff . I love the smell too . The bottle is pretty and it lasts a long time . I prefer the smell of CLEAN which is a freshly showered smell more geared toward an adult .
 Great ! Smells delicious . Big bottle , nothing more to say except it is fantastic and i was very happy !
 I ordered this product from Amazon , and like many others thought it was fake because of the lack of branding on the packaging . I did some research and found out that Aquolina has removed the company name from this product . The bottles are now being branded solely as `` Pink Sugar '' and no longer as `` Aquolina Pink Sugar '' So if you think you have a fake , you absolutely do n't . Amazon is selling a legit product .
 When I could n't find this particular fragrance anywhere , I once again turned to Amazon and of course they carried it . Not only did they have it , they had several selections to choose from . I should know better and just go to Amazon.com first . It would have saved me a lot of time . The fragrance is great also !
 I receive so many compliments from both men and women on this perfume and have even had people following me around asking what delicious fragrance I was wearing . I hope this perfume is never discontinued .
 I usually hate wearing perfume because it makes me nauseous but his one does not ! I absolutely love it ! It is my favorite perfume of all time . I do not really care that it is suppose to be a ` teen ' scent , I still like it and will wear for the next 50 yrs ! I love it so much that decided to also purchase Pink Sugar Sensual , can not wait to receive it . Pink Sugar I will definitely repurchase , it has the sweetest smell , and it is not overwhelmingly sick or anything , it literally is sweet and gentle . . in love !
 I layered Pink Sugar and Lush 's Karma perfume , which it heavy on bergomot and patchouli , it really brought the sweetness down . Real cotton candy scent on it 's own . I love it but it seems nearly embarrassing to wear on its own at my age . I think mixing may be the only way to go with this one but it has a place in my fragrance wardrobe , like a rhinestone clip or bright scarf .
 I LOVE this sweet smelling perfume ! A few times on the elevator at work , a few people have said `` do you smell that ?? It smells so good , like cotton candy or cookies or something . '' `` uhhh ... I think that 's me , do I have too much on ?? '' I do n't -LRB- or I hope -RRB- that people are n't just being nice when they tell me no and that it smells awesome and ask what it is . But it 's usually right after I spray it so the only thing I worry about is that it 's a little too light and I find myself randomly spraying myself throughout the day . Then again sometimes I think we become immune to our perfume smell :--RRB- I would suggest getting the lotion to put on before spraying yourself . Seems to make the fragrance last longer .
 Had never heard of it , was looking for something different . Received it , have worn it every day since getting it . Some women had reviewed it as being really really sweet , like cotton candy . Does n't smell that way to me . Right off the top what I smell is black pepper , which I found really appealing , since I love pepper . It IS sweet , but not THAT sweet , sugary but not sickeningly sweet . I have not been swarmed by people saying how much they like it , but I have had compliments from people who 've never been complimentary about anything else , so ... ? I do n't wear perfume for other people , I wear it for myself . I like to smell something nice in the middle of the workday when I 'm getting tired and bored with the hours ... I 've found that it wears very well on me , especially if I put a little moisturizing lotion on first . Others have complained about it fading too quickly on them , but I think their noses are just not good enough , it lasts all day although very much more subtly later in the day , with just a touch of musk showing up . I hate musk , so I 'm glad it 's very light and does n't really bother me . I think the price is right , and I plan to buy more when this bottle is finished .
 I ordered Pink Sugar on QVC few years ago and loved the smell . I have never seen it in a store . My sister got me this for xmas . It was missing the cover but who cares . I love this smell . Its like Loves Baby Soft for grown ups .
 I get so many ... `` Smells good here ! '' ... LOL ... Wore it to bed every night the first 2 weeks after I received it . It 's that yummy !
 I love this scent and the price is very affordable . It 's great for daytime when wearing shorts or a sundress . My only complaint is that the scent does n't last as long as I wish it did .
 Such a pretty , girly scent !! I love this ! I get tons of compliments when I wear it ! Be careful with it though ! A little bit goes a long way !
 The scent is exactly like cotton candy . I do n't know how they captured the fragrance of spun sugar like that , but it 's just wonderful .
 Oh , yeah ! This is a unique fragrance that is full of sugar candy , caramel , and marshmallows , to name but a few of its notes , and it 's SO fun , sweet and very sexy all at once . Could be too strong for some noses , so start off lightly . A whole line of body products is available for layering , too ... I may as well be wearing pheremones when I wear this , my husband will just chase me down ! Love it , highly recommended for those who like a fragrance that smells good enough to eat !
 This is the first time that I have bought something from Amazon . It came quickly and was in perfect condition . Pink Sugar was recommended to me from a friend of mine and is now the only thing that I wear . I love it because it 's not a strong perfume and it last 's all day .
 Until you have experienced Pink Sugar for yourself , it 's hard to explain the delicious magic contained within this bottle ! This particular order came SUPER FAST and was completely authentic . I 'm very pleased with it . For those who do not know , I want to tell you that although Pink Sugar may be classified as a younger woman 's scent due to its intense sweetness , any woman will enjoy this scent at some point during her day . We are all our young selves on the inside ! Did i mention that men LOVE this scent ?!
 my fave perfume ! this was a great deal , as this perfume tends to be expensive ... thank you !
 i love this perfume !! it has a soft sweet smell , i get tons of complments .
 My wife stumbled on this scent a couple years ago . She ca n't wear alot of fragrances b/c of migraines , the way some of them change after you wear them a few hours , etc. . We both love the way this smells on her . I 've heard people say it smells like sugar & cupcakes , I think sometimes it smells like cotton candy . It 's almost too sweet when she first puts it on , but within 5 minutes it tones down & smells good all day . I buy this for her on birthdays , Christmas , etc. . . whenever she 's almost out of it . Right now , Amazon has the lowest price I 've seen it by far . If your woman likes sweet warm fragrances in her perfume , get this !!!
 this is the first fragrance that actually smells like it claims other perfumes that claim that thwey smell like cotton candy and other sweet treats just smell horrible.i spray this once in the morning after i take a shower and use the lotion it lasts through out the day . if you want a long lasting fragrance that is suttle -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- but smells great PINK SUGAR should be you 're perfume :-RRB- aquolina has the best fragrance line im going to keep buying this cause it makes me smell great
 however , in Texas , the spray really does n't cut down on humidified hair -LRB- the frizzies -RRB- . Will purchase again because the product does smell wonderfull and does leave hair shiney !
 You can not find a person who has tried this scent and does n't fall in love with it ! A sensual blend of vanilla , sugar , and a seeming undertone of fruity musk combine to create a real treat for the senses . When you spray this fragrance on your skin it lifts your mood and makes you feel instantly desirable . I do n't know why this is but try it and you will be an instant fan . Appeals to women of all ages , and seems to be universally appealing to everyone who smells it . Enjoy this sweet treat for the senses !
 My sister wears this perfume and I absolutely love it ! When I received it I finally put it on and my boyfriend loves the way it smells . It 's sweet like cotton candy but not over done . Perfect blend of playful !
 I you like sweet sugary scents , than you are going to love Pink Sugar . I get compliments every I go . It reminds people of their childhood in the neighborhood candy store . I use it after every workout at the gym .
 I bought this product from someone else once and it was broken . Bought this one from here and I absolutely loved it ! It was or a friend and came so fast
 this is one of my favorite scents and was priced more reasonably than other places where i have seen it on sale .
 This is one of my favorite perfumes and I get sooooo many compliments on it ! I purchased this for my friend at xmas since it was a great price and she loved it ! I got the package when they stated it would be delived . Thank you for the great service .
 I read a lot of reviews before getting this product and I was really scared , but took a risk because I TRUST Amazon and their guarantees.I read that many of you here have received fakes . I can not speak for the vendors here and I 'm positive that you can get a fake by easily buying a cheaper item , and not buying it from Amazon DIRECTLY . Yes , it 's a tad more pricey , but I 'm confident I got the real thing ... 1 . Make sure your product is SOLD BY and SHIPPED by AMAZON only .2 . There is no chili pepper on the PINK SUGAR products ... -LRB- see their official facebook page and website page , -LRB- both in Italian -RRB- The confusing element of this product is that most of their older bottles of pink sugar , had the pepper on their logo , just as their other products do now ... However , it appears to be one of the few products that do n't have iconic pepper now -RRB- ... -LRB- yes , i realize that in itself may sound confusing -RRB- .3 . The official website link is pinksugar -LRB- dot -RRB- -LRB- i t -RRB- with no spaces and no parenthesis .4 . The package itself has a &#34; velvety &#34; like pink ribbon around the cardboard container .5 . The bar code should be written on the BOTTOM of the cardboard/plastic container , and reads 8 033866 164335 . -LRB- for the 3.5 oz . Eau de Toilette -RRB- 6 . The company 's website is listed in tiny print , on the bottom label of the cardboard/plastic container and is
 Pink Sugar is my favorite perfume and the only one that I 'll wear . The scent is amazing ... it smells like vanilla , caramel and cotton candy . I get compliments on this perfume all of the time .
 I love love love this product i have been useing this perfume since i can remember and I love the smell . Its a classy smell . I came acrossed this one and for the price I just could not pass it up . It has came to me today and Im not going to lie I was exspecting something diffrent . It was so nice It introduced me into this awsome website . I recomend this to them women out here !! BUY BUY BUY
 I purchased this for my daughter in college . She loves it ! It arrived so quickly . I could n't believe it got here so fast . This is a great fragrance that young women will love .
 This is my one and only . Wherever I go , people always comment on how wonderful I smell . That is thanks to pink sugar . Who does n't like cotton candy smelling people ?
 This perfume is divine . My husband DOES NOT like perfume but he loves this . It seriously smells like Cotten Candy . Not to sweet at all . I get compliments whenever I wear it !
 Everyone loves this scent when I wear it !!! My daughter loves it too !! She likes all of the pink sugar products !!
 The product came on time , and was at a cheaper price than usual . It smells great . We are very happy with it .
 This product is light , yet lasting and always prompts many compliments when I wear it . I would recommend it to all ages.Sweet , yet not over the top .
 I like the fragrance on my wife . Being sweet it 's probably best avoided in humid summer weather as it can become a bit sickly .
 I love pretty much every scent in the Pink Sugar line . This is no different . Smells just like the perfume , which I get compliments on ALL the time .
 This smells like sugar cookies . It is a light playful scent and fun to wear . The rollerball is a perfect application .
 This is what my boyfriend said when I used this great product.Just a few sprays makes your hair smell fresh and sweet.I went through 2 bottles quick and will order again soon .
 The packaging was brand new . Plus I got the bottle for a third of the price found in stores ! Definitely where I 'll get my perfume in the future .
 I was looking for a perfume to replace mine that had been discontinued . I first smelled this at Kohls , sprayed it onto one of those paper things and initially thought it smelled nice , but nothing special . After I left the store I noticed some of the spray had gotten on my hand , and I could n't stop sniffing it . To me the initial scent is sweet , almost citrusy but that quickly fades into a mix of warm sugary goodness . Like other reviewers the closest thing I 'd probably liken it to is cotton candy with hints of vanilla . If you like smelling sweet and possibly edible , this is the scent for you . I always get compliments on it and people ask what scent I 'm wearing .
 This is a super sweet scent that reminds me of something that girls under 20 would wear -LRB- which could be a good or bad thing -RRB- . I 'm in my late 20s but use this fragrance whenever I 'm feeling playful and young . It 's definitely not the most sophisticated fragrance in my collection , but on some days when the mood is right I love using Pink Sugar . It smells like cotton candy and first but once that initial scent wears off , it smells like caramel and vanilla and baby powdery . It smells the best 3-4 hours after application on my body .
 I love sweet perfumes and this one is it !!! It smells like candy , but so grown up at the same time . I get so many compliments when I wear it .
 I have worn Pink Sugar for years ! I LOVE the scent ! It smells like Vanilla , Cotton Candy , and Sugar Cookies all in one . I always get compliments when I wear it .
 MEN AND WOMEN love the smell of this perfume , there are compliments every time I wear it ... The packaging container is adorable as well ... you can not go wrong with this selection ...
 Buying a perfume online , there is always a risk that you may no like it . This is sweet , but not like the fruity gunk little girls spray on themselves . It is more cookie than candy or bubble gum.If you have owned Pink Sugar before , you will not be disappointed . We got it on amazon from `` Beauty Storage '' and I was a little hesitant to order online , as a few of the reviews I read indicated that that this was a fake . The item we received sure seemed correct product and not a knock off.First , it smells the same as the last traces we had in another bottle . The bottle has changed , but is the same as what is shown on the manufacturer 's website . It arrived right on schedule , came in the standard packaging , and was in fine condition . That plus it was cheaper than what we 'd pay Retail , I could not be happier with my purchase .
 i love the sweet , cotton candy like smell that comes off of this . it sticks around for awhile as well ... the body butter also moisturizes well and smells just as good . i always put on a spritz for work and my co workers always ask me what i 'm wearing!totally recommend !
 I luv this perfume . It is my all time fave . I get many compliments on it . And to get this size for so cheap was awesome !
 knowing how i love anything sweet , i just knew i would love this , when u wear it u smell like a walking candy shop and i love it , only thing is i notice the bottle said pink sugar by aquolina online but when i got it it said only pink sugar i do n't know whats up with that , but i 'm loving it otherwise
 my girls and i love this item we use it all the time this is about the second or third time we ordered this item all i can say is the smell is heavenly you should try it do n't take my word for it try this item i know you will continue to buy it just like myself once you tried it i promise you will continue to buy this product i guarantee it God Bless you have a blessed day
 This is the first time I have purchased this perfume and I based it on others reviews . I am so glad I did . This perfume is fabulous . It is not too sweet and lasts a long time . It is just delish !
 Both my wife and my daughter loves the smell of Aquolina Pink Sugar Perfume . During the Xmas season , it was selling for just under a hundred dollars for this size . Then after Xmas , I found it on Amazon for a fraction of the msrp and bought two of the large 3.4 os bottles for my wife and daughter . They were completely happy with this after Xmas present .
 This is the sweetest scent , sans harsh undertones , a girl could want . Does n't fade to ` old lady musk ' in time . Arrived well packaged , clearly addressed andin timely fashion . Seriously recommend this seller .
 Others reported it was not the real thing or was not packaged in the proper packaging that was NOT TRUE for me . This was just as I expected -LRB- packaging , smell , size -RRB- were all CORRECT ! I am VERY SATISFIED !
 I love this spray ! Does n't overpower everyone . Can smell it if you are close to me , -LRB- very close -RRB- I love this smell , it is a sweet cotton candy vanilla scent . So many people -LRB- including strangers -RRB- tell me how good I smell when I wear this perfume . I have been told I smell like cookies , a Krispy Kreme donut , you name it . Both men and women have complemented me on it . And the perfume seriously lasts all day , especially if you spray it in your hair . Not overpowering , but if you do n't like wearing sweet smelling fragrances , stay far , far away from this product !
 I initial purchased Pink Sugar as a Christmas gift for my sister and she just loves it ! And I have to say that I really love it too ! It is really warm and sweet smelling without making you smell like a kid that has run amok in a cotton candy factory like sugary scents I have come across . When first applied it has a nice sort of ` spicy ' undertone that gradually disappears to leave a light , sweet cotton candy scent that is noticeable without being in any way overpowering.The awesome packaging is a really nice bonus ! I love the pink and white swirled cylinder that had slightly rubbery raised stripes and the actual bottle has a nice frosted pink cap with really cute darker pink ribbon wrapped around it in a crisscrossing pattern.Definitely a great gift idea or just an awesome way to treat yourself !
 This is my go to scent . It 's incredibly delicious and I dont care what anyone else says ! It 's so sweet , innocent and playful . The hair perfume is the best because you dont have to spray it on your skin -LRB- hello chemical bath -RRB- and its alluring when you move about . I always keep a bottle handy to freshen up after work or before going out .
 I recieved this hair perfume the day after ordering it !!!! Huge plus on that . The only problem was that it had leaked a bit in its box and the cap was alitl greasy . But after wiping it clean , and spraying once on my hair ... OMG ! my hair was really shiny and after around a minute the fragrance sort of got stronger -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . Totally recommend this . Perfect for taming those flyaways after blowing out your hair . : -RRB-
 I love Pink Sugar !!! I get migraines very easily ... and this is soft enough that it does not cause headaches . Love it ! Awesome smell !!! : - -RRB-
 I really wanted this fragrance for years . I have a big parfume collection so I was always putting my purchase away . But recently I decided to get it for myself for birthday . This perfume smell delicious and fresh at the same time , it is warm and inviting . When I wearing it , it makes me happy . It is a compliment gather . Men love this perfume . Vanilla , musk and bergamot give this perfume a special notes . It has great staying power for EDT . It is special as no other perfumes smell the same . Price is great for the amount and quality .
 I first tried this at Sephora and fell in love . Of course came to Amazon knowing I 'd find it cheaper and did . Ordered and my perfume just arrived , could not be more pleased , this perfume is not only in a pretty bottle but it smells fantastic , sugary and sweet . I love it !
 This is my third bottle of this stuff . I LOVE it ! It smells more vanilla-like on my hair than it does in the bottle , and it makes my hair feel super smooth . I have very curly hair and wash it every 2-3 days . I like to spray this to keep it smelling fresh . The scent of this stuff lasts far longer than regular perfume , and it 's a lot cheaper .5 / 5
 This hair perfume is glorious . It 's nice to refresh and the scent is the best ! It smells like vanilla , sugar , without being too heavy .
 I purchased this fragrance from Sephora 's website because I needed something more playful and youthful than my other scents . When it arrived and I sprayed it , I was a little disappointed that the perfume smells EXACTLY like the Cotton Candy Fantasy spray that one could purchase at Rite Aid for $ 5 . I am aware that this is supposed to smell like the treat ; however , I thought that Aquolina would personalize this scent a little more . Perhaps a hint of cotton candy surrounded by notes of vanilla would have done the trick . Nonetheless , I still enjoy wearing this to casual events , as it is appealing .
 the bottle i bought from amazon was 2x as big and almost 1/2 the price of sephora!i love this scent - it is my favorite and it lasts .
 Makes my hair smell like a cloud of goodness ; I wear weaves this product adds a burst of freshness ! I would be buying again when I run out .
 You cant go wrong with this product . In all honesty , it smells so delicous . All of my clothes are practically bathed with this smell when i open my drawers . I LOVE IT ! 5 STARS !
 I received this product as a Christmas gift 5 years ago and never forget how it smelled on me and how many compliments I received when I lavished on my body . I live on a small island where items come and go ... but thank goodness for amazon.com I was able to locate this wonderful body mousse and again feel fresh and revived with pink sugar . It 's always packed to go when I have to fly and ready to be used for all occasions .
 This perfume smells so good ! I took a risk ordering this because I had never smelled this scent before , but I am glad I bought it anyway ! It is very sweet and very girly . Definitely does n't smell cheap or too childish .
 I had written a review on this before , but it looks like the page changed.Pink Sugar is wonderful ! It smells better than anything in the Dessert Line ... and it does n't make you sticky , cover you with glitter or fade after 10 minutes.Smells like graham crackers and vanilla syrup . = -RRB-
 My body chemistry reacts badly with 99 % of perfumes and colognes but this one is a perfect match ! Love the sweet candy-like smell and it stays on , smelling good all day long.It smells so sweet that the almost invisible little sugar ants I 'm trying to get rid of were actually drawn to it . Thanks to those who suggested spraying it in freshly-washed hair , my hair smells great too !
 This is my favorite fragrance hands down . It has a sweet and soft scent that you will LOVE . Every time I wear it I receive so many compliments from both women and men . This scent is great for all seasons so it 's definitely worth the price .
 I am delighted with my purchase . This is perfect for traveling . Pink Sugar by Aquolina Shimmering Perfume Roll-On for Women , 1.70-Ounce
 Perfums are one of those item which result very convenient to buy through the Internet . However , there is a packaging requirement that I was not aware when I processed my order . Some type of bottles currently used for parfums , leads US custom authorities to consider them as `` Danger Material '' . Because of this , this type of products have to be re-packaged having a couple of implications for customers
 This fragance is unique like no other , be prepared for everybody asking what you have on , both men and women . I adore it !!
 I 've been wearing this scent for almost 2 years now and my friends -LRB- and new friends -RRB- always tell me how good I smell . The ultimate of compliments ! This scent is fresh and lasts all day . I LOVE IT ! = ^ . . ^ =
 I bought this for my girlfriend for christmas and she Loves it , and I have to admit so do I. I ca n't really speak for why she likes it so I will tell you why I like it . It 's true what they say , a way to a man 's heart is through his stomach . I love when women wear perfumes that have a fruity or sweet scent as opposed to a musky or floral scent . This perfume is not overbearing and has a light sweet scent . It reminds me a bit of cotton candy .
 I noticed that this scent is more potent when sprayed on dry hair . The perfume was shipped very quickly and for only $ 1 . I have long hair , so it took more than just a few sprays , but the scent lasts all day . It was n't greasy , but I still avoided spraying it near my roots just in case . It left a subtle shine and helped get some tangles out . I will definitely purchase this again when I run out ! It 's very Cotton Candy , and also reminded me of Jessica Simpson 's Desert Treats scent called Candy .
 I agree , this product is worth trying . It was so delicious that my dogs tore into it when someone left my bag of goodies out . This was one item I had to replace . A little bit goes a long way and lasts all day . It 's a `` feel good '' smell .
 I absolutely can not say enough good things about Aquolina Pink Sugar products !!!! I usually order them from Sephora , but Sephora was all out of the deoderant , the perfume is equally to die for , definatlely worth a try !!! Also the deoderant lasts all day !
 I am a mommy of three and was a bit worried that this scent would be too immature for me . It 's not . I absolutely LOVE it . I had read some other reviews saying that it is better suited for younger people . I think it all depends on the kind of scents you like and what your personal style is.I think it 's a lovely day time scent that is casual enough for me to wear every day . It reminds me of cotton candy and caramel . I love this scent after it has been on my skin for a while and has worn off a bit . It goes very nicely with my body chemistry . -LRB- I think perfumes smell a little different on everyone -RRB- My kiddos love it , as well ... they think their mommy smells wonderful ! : -RRB-
 Wow the product was exactly what I wanted and it was an excellent price and buy for the other prices I have seen . Thank you so much ! God Bless you !
 My daughter loves the Pink Sugar fragrance , with hints of vanilla and cotton candy ! Great service from Avenue You -- well packed and received the product 3 days after I ordered it .
 was the most inexpensive plce to purchase this purfume . Will shop on line more frequently for big savings all the time !
 I love the scent of this product . Each time I wear it I am complimented over and over . I would recommend this scent to everyone .
 This is my favorite perfume and I wear it all the time!I 'm 39 and would recommend this to any girl at any age.It has a nice soft sweet -LRB- cotton candy -RRB- scent but I have heard that it does n't smell the same on everyone ... When I wear it , people constantly tell me how good it smells.The prices on Amazon are hands down the best prices . Retail stores at the mall sell the 1.7 oz for $ 60
 Smells delicious ! Lightweight spray that really stays with you . It lasts a long time , too . You only need a few squirts to last for hours .
 Fast , efficient , and reasonable price . Good perfume at a good price . New product , not a tester . 4 more words required
 I love this perfume and have had many compliments ... After passing a family member or friend ... &#34; You smell so good ! &#34; This is my very favorite perfume to put on in the morning .
 Wonderful , beautiful , sexy , romantic . . flawless . . best money I ever spent.Makes you feel quite sexy and men notice it right away .
 I love love love this scent . I first went through a 1 oz bottle , wanted more , then bought the 3.4 oz size . I still really love the fragrance , but it lasts all of 20 seconds . I literally can spray my entire room , all my bedding and pillows , my clothes and head , spray some into my air conditioner , heater , whatever , then walk away , and come back into my room a minute later and not smell it at all . I feel like maybe the smaller size bottle was more potent , but I could just be imagining it . If they could create a longer-lasting perfume version I would be hooked for life . p.s. the bottle is very pretty . . the shiny pink swirly is nice and I like that it 's a simple shape and isnt covered in big cheesy flowers or something .
 This perfume was first introduced to me at Sephora by a rep. It was super expensive , so I only bought a small sample bottle . I used it all up and wanted more . It 's delicious ! It smells so good , and it lasts all day . It 's a sweet smell , and my boyfriend loves how it smells on me!This seller is the place to buy it ! It arrived quickly , and the price was so good . I will buy this perfume from this seller again !!!
 Its smells amazing . Not too sweet , not too musky . It 's perfect . My husband ca n't keep his nose away from me when I wear it .
 wonderful product & super fast shipping ! it came within 2 days and i 'm pleased with the product as well : -RRB- the scent , in my opinion , did n't seem as marshmallowy/cotton candyish as i expected but it still smells wonderful . would definitely recommend !
 i LOVE this perfume . It smells soo good ! u get this lasting vanilla smell and it lasts for a very long time . as for those who say its too sweet smelling
 Perfume came really fast , it 's a great price , about $ 10 less than buying at Sephora . $ 5 less including shipping . Smells amazing , super super sweet , like cotton candy ! If you love sweet , sugary smells than this perfume is for you . It 's really girly and fun . :--RRB- Plus the bottle is super cute .
 I love Pink Sugar ! I was so happy to see it on Amazon for this great price !! love love love it ! It was shipped to me super fast that is always great . . I will order again once I run out . . Thank You Thank You :-RRB- My friends all love the smell on me . Even guy friends will comment and say mmmm what is that sweet smell . . One of our guy friends says it is the perfect smell not to strong and not fake sweet smell . My husband also like it and he hates I mean HATES smells of any kind !
 I get so many compliments on this scent . I hate to even tell people what it is because I like how unique it is on me ! I hope this product is never discontinued because I love it . It is the perfect mix of soft , pleasant scents without all the floral scents and though others may disagree , I do n't think it 's youthful at all . What woman would n't want to smell edibile yet sophisticated at the same time ? Then again , what do I know . = -RRB-
 This stuff smells amazing . I 've been using it forever , and a few of my coworkers from my last job used it too . It 's light and sweet and absolutely wonderful . I highly recommend it .
 I ordered a Pink Sugar Tester spray thinking that for the fantastic price , it might just be a less than reputable product . I was wrong . The only thing different was that the bottle had no lid/cap . It was labeled on the manufacturer label as a Tester , and it had full fragrance in a full bottle . I was more than pleased because it was less than half the price ! Shipping was fast , too ! This was an A + experience for me !
 Do n't let the name fool you . This is a soft , sweet , lovely fragrance and not that sickening sweet , candy like smell . Everyone loves it when I wear it and it does last a long time . Once it dries down , it takes on a different scent , more like a warm vanilla . It 's just wonderful and I feel so pretty and girly when I wear it .
 I strongly recommend buying this perfume . The fragrance is sweet and very sexy . It stays on your skin and clothes very long.The parcel arrived very quickly and I have n't paid a penny for delivery ; -RRB-
 I love the way this smells , and its a long lasting fragrance that does n't cost a lot . If you like the smell of vanilla or freshly baked goods you will enjoy this sweet scent . I get tons of compliments when I wear it !
 This is one of the best fragrances I have ever smelled , buying it for my wife . I usually have an allergic reaction to most perfumes due to the floral scent , however this perfume smells like , well , candy ! I love to smell it on her , and the scent generally lasts all day long . It is an awesome size for the price ... Great value !!
 My daughter just loves this ! had to get her one for Christmas -LRB- @retail store , and so happy to find it online for less -RRB- and this one for Valentine 's Day!Aquolina Pink Sugar
 I originally sampled this fragrance in Sephora a few months ago and liked it , yet did n't purchase it . I was surprised to see such a great price on Amazon , so I could n't resist . I still like it very much , as it 's sweet , but not juvenile . It 's a great everyday fragrance , light , fun and I think will be particularly nice in the summer -LRB- people have asked if it 's some sort of a vanilla fragrance -RRB- . As a rule , I like fragrances that are clean and sophisticated . This is a light , clean fragrance , yet fun rather than sophisticated and a nice change . Thanks for the great offer and an opportunity to try it . I have received numerous compliments and will be back for more .
 If you like Pink Sugar you 'll definitely love the hair perfume ! It does n't overpower you , but because it 's on your hair , you will smell it throughout the day . I do n't notice as much of the initial pepper top note as with the EDT ; it seems to go straight to the fresh sweetness of the EDT drydown . It adds a touch of shine , gives you some UV protection , makes combing a breeze -- This is simply a must-have product for Pink Sugar fans .
 I am so happy with my purchase of Pink Sugar . I read about how it smells and what notes it has and I liked everything mentioned . Well , it is everything I thought it might be!I do prefer vanilla-based oriental scents but with an edge and this is it ! Pink Sugar has a sweety-spicy smell and it is perfect for an adult . I 'm not too sure about young girls wearing it since it does have a sweet-sexy , alluring scent . A super value too ordering through Amazon !
 I love this perfume . It make me happy . It smells like cotton candy .
 This is def one of my favorite scents ! It smells like marshmallows and candy . One of my co-workers said it smells like chocolate , but everyone else says it smells like candy . I love it , and it lasts a while too . I am going to buy another bottle from Amazon when I run out !
 I really like this smell ! Before I bought this , I did n't usually wear perfume , but now , I make sure to always spritz some on !! Smells like an adult version of toasted marshmallows !
 I recently purchased this perfume for a friend . When I sampled it in the store , I thought that Pink Sugar had a sweet , girly scent somewhat reminiscent of cotton candy , and it seemed like a perfect match for my pink-loving friend . Throughout the day , however , I continued to notice the fragrance , which I had sampled on my own wrist . Over time , the sweet component of the scent faded somewhat , leaving behind warmer , fuller notes that had both a vanilla and a musky quality . Although I 'm not usually a fan of overly sweet scents , this dry-down was extremely appealing , and in the end , I felt that this was a fragrance I would wear myself.Still , I do think the appeal of this perfume is limited to those who prefer scents that are a bit more on the `` girly '' or feminine side . However , if you have dismissed Pink Sugar as being too sweet for you , you might want to give it a try and see if you like the way this fragrance transforms over time .
 Whenever I wear this , at least 2 people compliment me and ask me what I am wearing . LOVE IT !!
 This perfume smells sweet , sexy , and young . I absolutley love it . I would n't reccommend buying it for someone old and stuffy . Those are the people that are writing the bad reviews : -RRB-
 I 've been using this product for a few months and I LOVE it.People always ask me if I 've been baking cookies or drinking vanilla lolI decided to write this review because today I was walking downtown and this guy walks past me and yells `` Damn girl , you smell like candy . I want to eat you . '' HAHA Best -LRB- and strangest -RRB- compliment ever !! The smell lasts all day for me . I constantly find myself smelling hidden scents in the fragrance .
 I love this perfume ! It 's the only one I wear and I get so many comments on how good it smells , mostly from men .
 If you love the scent of COTTON CANDY , you will love this . It really does smell like Pink Sugar with a touch of vanilla.I put on a sample secretly and then walked around the house when company was over , just to see what kind of reaction I would get.Two people immediately said '' What smells like Cotton Candy ? `` People have told me it is a happy , sweet smell - not gaggy . They said it has a softness to it - not overpowering at all.Then again - watch how you apply this . Overkill of any scent can turn people off.I would give it 5 stars if the staying power was a bit stronger.You can smell this through out the day , it just gets more muted as the day wears on . This is a terrific perfume for a reasonable price . Not everyone can pay 80.00 and up for an ounce .
 This product is great it gives the hair a great yummy smell while also providing a hint of shine to it ! I just wish the smell would last a little longer within the hair , but will definetly recommend it .
 For me , this stuff is like a drug . I love sugary sweet smells and this one is perfect ! Cotton candy is one of my favorite scents - I go crazy over anything that is in any way reminiscent of cotton candy . I highly recommend this scent if you like scents like B&BW 's Vanilla Bean Noel -LRB- my second fav -RRB- . Though the two scents are different , they both have the same sweetness level . If you like that , you 'll love Pink Sugar !
 Thumbs up !!! I definitely will recommend this to everyone ... Not only on the speedy shipping but I really love this purfume . I will definitely ordering again soon .
 I love the perfume ... I recommended ... it 's good for any occasion . . It smells sweetIt arrived like in 5 days
 This is an awesome perfume . Everybody compliments me on it . This is the fourth bottle of this perfume that I have ordered . You will not be disappointed with the purchase of this .
 Great ! It makes my hair smell really clean and coconuty . I get compliments from people i pass by and my husband likes the way it leaves a good smell on my pillow
 this perfume smells so good ... this is the first perfume i have bought that my sons father really liked ... n he NEVER likes my perfume selections ... it has good staying power and smells great ...
 I love this product ! I hate when you use a nice shampoo , nice conditioner and then you have to add other different products on your hair to style , you do n't even know what is going to end up smelling . Once I used a product that smelled so terrible on my hair . I wish I had this.Yesterday had a test done , and they did n't want me to use no lotions , no perfume , no deodorant , nothing like that from my neck down . I remember I had this , and I used it on my hair . All the girls there were like ... You you smell so good , we told you no perfumes . I 'm like , its my hair . They did n't know about this ether . They loved it . I have long hair , healthy hair . It is important to me that it smells like it looks . these are there little touches that makes us more memorable than others . The smell lasts .
 I gave this perfume to my daughter for Christmas . She is eleven years old and it was perfect . Very age appropriate and she said it makes her feel good everytime she wears it .
 Yeah , it 's kissable on your neck ... compliments of my boyfriend....ha-ha-ha !!! He 's sold !! Me tooooo !!! I think this perfume smells delicious !!! The scent lingers once you spray , last long on the skin . Smells like to me
 Rich , sweet scent that smells like caramel and warm vanilla . This is not one of those cheap teen perfumes that fades away quickly . This fragrance lasts and a little goes a long way . I ca n't wear the strong floral , heavy musky perfumes simply because they give me headaches , so Pink Sugar saved me from that . So glad I 've finally found my signature scent . Thank you Aquolina !
 It 's such a sweet smell , sweet olfactoraly speaking , but also in a tender sort of way . Reminds me of childhood wonder and pure joy of candies and favorite warm baked treats fresh out of the oven . Someone who smelled it has started calling me Candy -LRB- although he said it does n't taste as good as it smells -RRB- and someone else always tells me it smells like toast when I put it on . I think it smells far better than just toast . I really love it . I save it for special occasions .
 This scent is like cotton candy , vanilla , and sugar cookies all rolled into one . My husband even says it tastes good , when he licks me like a piece of candy . You wo n't be disappointed if you 're looking for a playful , flirty scent . It 's also good as a `` base '' perfume with another one sprayed over it , to create whatever scent you want .
 Which is a very good thing as far as I am concerned.This is one of my favorite perfumes ! I ordered it after reading some online reviews , -LRB- and this time , I actually put some effort into trying to find it locally . -RRB- There was no place in town that carried it , and I was told I 'd probably have to drive at least 2 hours to get it ... so I ordered in on Amazon . It was a very good price , the shipping was reasonable , and I got it very fast.The packaging is not super extraordinary , but I do n't really ` buy the perfume for the bottle ' . The scent is amazing , there is really nothing else out there quite like it . It is like pure concentrated SUGAR . It really does n't get any sweeter than this , and yet , it is not overpowering , and it lasts for hours and hours.My husband does not like many perfumes , but this one he does . He says it makes me smell like cotton candy . : -RRB-
 This is my FAVORITE perfume !!! I have had this as a favorite for over 5 yrs now !! It 's just sweet and wonderful !! Very girly !
 I gave this to my 18 year old daughter for Christmas . She loves to wear feminine clothes , and to experiment with colors and styles ; she 's very artistic . She also loves candy . She loved this scent .
 Lingers for a long time , its sweet but not cloying . Definitely very girly but sophisticated too !!
 If you like COTTON CANDY you will love the way this smells : -RRB- I love it !!!
 Pink Sugar is Warm , sweet , sensuous and very feminine . Both myself and my eighteen year old daughter wear this and get compliments nearly everywhere we go . My daughter likes to switch up her fragrances and went back to Pink Sugar and the first thing she heard was `` I love when you wear that , it 's been too long , wear it everyday please '' by boys at her High School ... that 's speaks volumes !
 lovely item ! lovely item ! lovely item ! my boy loves this smell ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ kkkkkmy boy loves this smell ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ either and I
 Just what the wife wanted . She says people are always asking what she has on , and saying they love it .
 I get stopped all the time by men asking what fragrance I 'm wearing . Shipping was fast and the product was just as described . The samples were a nice touch . I will purchase from this seller again .
 Men love when I wear this and ca n't comment enough on how much they love it . I only use on special occasions .
 who does n't want to smell like cotton candy . great buy fresh refreshing sweet get compliments every time II use it .
 Love this sent . Good price . Smells like cotton candy . One of my favorites of all time fragrance . Hard to find in stores
 After using the perfume for the last couple of years , this was a wonderful addition to the collection for special occasions . Not only do I smell good , -LRB- and I get many compliments on the scent -RRB- but it adds a little sparkle too !
 I have bought this perfume many times because it is my girlfriends favorite . but this is the best price I have ever found for this product .
 This is a wonderful fragrance . I never thought I would like a sweet scent but it is long lasting , and not a sickening sweet scent . Itgets lots of compliments .
 What a great price through this retailer ... I have purchased a smaller bottle through another retailer and paid twice the amount . I love the fragrance this cologne emits . Smells like cotton candy . Lots of compliments come my way when I wear this delicious fragrance .
 Love this product ! My hair smells and feels great . Does not make your hair greasy or feel weird . Will repurchase again !
 When I first heard about Pink Sugar a few years ago , I never expected that I would jump on the bandwagon . I do n't like foody scents , generally , and I could n't imagine wanting to smell like caramel and cotton candy . But here I am , having just invested in the perfume . It 's not really worth describing the scent - so many people are familiar with it , and so many others have done so . In short , it is the cotton-candy/caramel that everyone describes , and it has a slightly burnt-sugar scent to it . Why do I like it ? It 's more sweet and sugary than foody . There 's a difference between smelling like sugar and smelling like baked goods , and this is definitely a sugar scent . It 's also a happy , calming , girly scent . It 's very much a `` pink '' scent . After a bit of wear I can almost smell strawberry in it . It 's also extremely reasonably priced for perfume .
 If you want to have the whole Aquolina Pink Sugar experience from head to toe , then you need this product . Not only is it a really good hair mist , it smells lovely like Pink Sugar . It is not drying and has silicones in it so it is very good for smoothing frizzy hair . The smell is nice and noticable but not overpowering . I like to spritz this in my hair right before I go out the door . The scent lasts a long time and is also good for freshening up hair at the end of the day . I spritz and then scrunch and I smell fabulous !
 I am funny about perfume , there is a lot of stuff that i do n't like ; but had a sample of this perfume before so i decided to buy it . It just smells so good , and its a sweet smell like candy ; I just love it !
 The scent is n't an overpowering one , but very sweet and delicious , and lingers on in my hair for quite a while after I use it . It also helps to keep hair from being frizzy , and makes hair nice and soft . But the scent is really the selling point , it 's great .
 I love this cologne . It 's a little like cotton candy , vanilla , musk , all rolled into one . I get so many compliments , and people always notice my cologne and ask `` What is that great smell ? '' . I love the smell , and all the attention is n't bad either .
 I love this fragrance , it 's definitely one of my faves . When I first wore it my husband actually said , `` you smell so good '' ! He 's never noticed with any other purfume so this one 's a keeper . Also , shipping was really fast !
 This is what I am told I smell like when I wear my Pink Sugar . If you are smelling too sweet , you may be putting on too much . I agree with the spray in air and walk thru , but what I find is a good idea is after my shower , spray 2 spritz into my hand , add a good amount of unscented , good quality lotion , rub of towel blotted skin . it last all day , and I smell wonderful . It has good staying power , and if you are flirty , it is the perfect scent to wear if you are 12 or 52 !
 I love a sweet smelling perfume . I read some of the previous reviews and did n't want to go worng by ordering a used bottle , therfore I just ordered new . I have n't had any problems and I love the way it smells . My 6 year old daughter loves it too ...
 I love this product ! I 'm a cosmetologist and know that hair can really make a difference of how you feel and ladies this stuff is awesome ! Your hair will smell sexy ! It 's a great buy ! Cheaper then perfume but works just as good . It 's also great for the purse since it does n't leek and it 's plastic . I was very happy with the delivery because I received this within 2 days !
 Alright , I ordered this produst without smelling it beforehand . Which ... was n't that smart . But I was VERY pleased with this product.When first applied it smells smi-overpowering , and has a strawberry icecream tint to it . But after a minute or so it settels into a warm vanilla scent . People have asked me if I 've been eating cotton candy!It also last a long time . I put on a shirt I had sprayed it on , that I hadd n't worn for a few days and was surprised to find it still smelled faintly of vanilla!Buy it !
 This is the only perfume for me ! I have a sensitive nose and can only were certain , light perfumes . Every time I wear this I get compliments in the office . I smell cotton candy , however , on occasion , I have been told by the male persuasion that it smells like chocolote ... what ?! Anyhow , have been using this perfume exclusively for 2 years now . Product was received on time and in excellent condition !
 I love all of Pink Sugar 's products . I just bought the Body Mousse and am so pleased with it . It is rich and feels almost buttery . Its fragrance like the perfume is incredible of course.I like it especially because it is moisturizing without leaving an oily feeling afterwards . I have bought similar products from other companies and I never like how my skin feels afterwards . This stuff is great though ! I have never been dissappointed with any Pink Sugar products .
 This perfume is a fun , playful , and sexy fragrance . It priced really reasonable , which is unusual for perfumes of this caliber . The scent feels fresh and young . The name is definitly fitting.You will smell like cake and sugar ! It stays on for a while . I love the bottle it comes in too . I have gotten several as gifts for girlfriends , and everyone loves it . It is a fun sweet scent that would be good for daytime , but can also feel like a sexier fragrance when worn in the evening .
 The lotion matches the perfume exactly - this is a great way to layer the fragrance & get it to last longer . & it is not sticky or greasy . Nice lotion that soaks in quickly & feels great . Thanks Aquolina !
 this smells amazing like a mix of cotton candy marshmallow and vanilla . it does n't dry out the hair or make it greasy . amazing < 3
 I bought this as a gift idea for a female friend who thoroughly liked the scent and this was an immediate approval of its rating , on amazon , as a great scent for women . It is a lightly scented long lasting perfume with a hint of a sweet sugary vanilla mixture and definitely captivated my attention when it was applied -LRB- as it lingered in the air -RRB- and also later when it also simmered down to its under-lying notes of vanilla.A great buy , for any female , as a gift idea .
 Very good value for the money . Smells great and last most of the day.Would recommend to others . For the amount and quality , this is a very good value compared to similar items on the market .
 fantastic embraceable sexy sent and everyone always wants to know what it is . This product last for hours and I would recommend to everyone .
 This was a gift for a family member . They loved it very much . Thank you . I just wish it came in a bigger bottle .
 I always use Aquolina 's Pink Sugar line and I fell in love with the hair perfume . I do n't use it every day , but on days when I do n't wear any body fragrance , I always spritz my hair with Pink Sugar hair perfume and everyone I am around always asks what I 'm wearing . It seems to make my hair a bit shinier and so soft !
 I bought this for my wife after smelling it on a friends wife . It 's just a wonderful fragrance ! My wife still smells of pink sugar when she gets home after work , so it does last quite a while . Buy it for your wife , you wo n't be sorry .
 have used this for years and still love it . . layer with the fragrance abd it lasts all day . Smells like cotton candy .
 Smells like black licorice , vanilla and cherry . Long lasting . I inadvertently placed this review info with the Pink Sugar Sensual , which I also have . The Sensual is nice , lighter , with a slight spice to it , reminds me of Colors by Benetton that I used in the early 90s , very different from this Pink Sugar . Of the two I like this version most .
 My wife had been using Dark Vanilla for years , and it seems to be unavailablein my dentists ' office I smelled a similar perfume and questioned the womanand found it to be Pink Sugar , we purchased same and are very pleased with thisEau de Toilette
 Lovely girly smell , not too sweet . Smells like cotton candy with a hint of caramel and musk . Fragrance lasts all day . A great anytime perfume for day or evening .
 Love this fragrance . Lotion is very smooth and soothing to skin . Great moisture and makes skin really soft .
 A spiced hot sugar freshly spun . Sweet , sexy and flirtatious . Makes me think of sun warmed skin and summer honeysuckle .
 I love this perfume ! I do n't wear perfume a lot because I tend to get headaches from them or I just ca n't stand a strong floral smell . This perfume is sweet but not too sweet and kind of reminds me of cotton candy spray I used to wear in grammer school . I love that the smell lasts and does n't fade away after an hour of applying . I have gotten many compliments on it from women but actually seemed to receive more from men ... this will definately be a keeper ! : -RRB-
 I am a Perfume Enthusiast , i collect perfumes . I read all the bad reviews about how its fake , or its generic . I was Skeptical as it was being shipped to my house hoping i didnt get ripped off . But im happy to say , Its completely authentic ! the smell is exactly on point to the original . To all of those that says it smells different . Very fast shipping also ! Yay Pink Sugar !
 I ordered this because it was twice the size of the one sold in department stores for half the price ! It arrived earlier than expected and was in great condition . The only thing I can say is that it 's a little weaker smelling than the one I previously bought from the store . It still smells great but it IS slightly different . I 'm not sure if they changed the formula slightly or what-but it 's not exactly the same . I still love it and would order it again !
 Right amount of perfume for the price . long-lasting , sweet like marshmallows and sugar with a tinge of spice . I love it !
 I just bought this from amazon and i absolutely love the scent of pink sugar . I wore it to work and 8 hrs later i could still smell it like if i have just put it on.i dont know much about notes and all those stuff i love it . i bought the cream also and it has the same long lasting experience as the perfume.try it you make like it i just tried it cause i wanted a new scent
 It worked . When I wore it the guy who gave me a hug said I smelled really good . It definitely does have a first , initial smell and a second smell , and the second smell , which lasts , is really good . = -RRB-
 I bought this for both my daughter and I. It 's a bit too sweet for me but the scent is really pretty and my daughter loves it ! My daughter took mine that I ordered for myself . If you like a sweet smell following you all day this is the spray for you .
 I love this scent ! I bought 2 of these for gifts ... a little cream goes a long way . I wear it for the scent , not it 's moisturizing ablilty . I think it would be a little to strong for an all over moisturizer or mousse . My young nieces and older friends love this scent as well . It 's timeless , innocent yet sexy . Everyone can wear this .
 This perfume smells amazing as everyone else has said . I get lots of compliments and my husband loves this fragrance . The bottle is beautiful and BIG ! you get alot for the price so its def worth it ! :-RRB- try the butter that goes with it .
 This has the consistncy of yugurt and jelly . It soaks in nicely and isnt greasy at all . Great moisturizer and of course smells amazing !! : -RRB-
 This is one of the best perfumes I 've ever owned , and I own a LOT . I tend to go for dark , musky , woodsy smells , but I was getting sick of those and wanted to branch out for something more unique . This fit the bill perfectly ! Pink Sugar is the perfect name - it 's sweet and light in the beginning , much like cotton candy . After a few hours , it fades in a very warm and yummy scent , like a mixture of brown sugar and vanilla . I can smell this on myself all day long , which is a huge plus since other perfumes barely last an hour on me . However , it 's not heavy at all , just very fresh and feminine . I even spray this on my pillow before I go to sleep . The bottle is huge , especially for the price that Amazon offered , but I have a feeling I 'll go through it fast with how much I love it . I literally ca n't get enough of how yummy and comforting it smells ! Definitely recommended !
 The parfume was in perfect condition . I got here so quick and it smells absolutly delicious !! Everyone keeps telling me how good I smell . That makes me happy : -RRB-
 For the negative reviewers who think their products are knockoffs because the bottle does n't say Aquolina
 Pink Sugar is an Italian based product and is very popular over there . I was so happy to find it in Sephora about 5 years ago , and I always look for great deals where I can find it the cheapest . Great vanilla smell and I always get raving compliments from teh boyfriend and strangers ! Light and yummy !
 After years of searching I 've finally found the perfect perfume . Pink Sugar makes me feel fabulous when I wear it ; it 's so light and ` warm ' with a base of sensual vanilla . I have the large bottle , body mousse & deodorent at home , and the smaller bottle in my handbag . I do n't get bored with this fragrence , like I do with everything else I 've tried over the years.The first time I wore Pink Sugar to work one colleague commented on the aroma of drinking chocolate as I was in the lift with her . The next time I was in the lift , everyone commented on my lovely vanilla perfume . After I applied a freshen up spray , another colleague said she could smell cakes ! Yet another colleague demanded to know what I was wearing , and where she could get some . Strangers come up to me in the street to ask what scent I 'm wearing ... No this is n't a cheesy ad , it really happened !! What do I sense first ? Liquorice , a rich aniseed scent that gradually settles into a middle note of caramel . Marshmallow is the first word that springs to mind to me.If you like Angel , Fantasy or Princess you need to give this a try ! * Aquolina needs to make Pink Sugar available to the U.K. - Postage and packing costs a fortune !!!
 Very , very , very sweet perfume . Spray sparingly . Smells like a mixture of vanilla , cinnamon sugar , cookie , donut , marshmellow.Every girl I know who smelt it , loved it . Ca n't say the same for guys ' reaction , though .
 To put my review in context , I am not a fan of musks -LRB- ex . `` Carolina Herrera '' -RRB- or the classics that other women seem to enjoy -LRB- ex . `` Chanel No. 5 '' , `` Mitsouko '' -RRB- . And the perfumes that I love -LRB- ex . `` Ciara '' , `` Norell '' , and Victoria 's Secret `` Rapture '' -RRB- smell great on other women , but turn into a sour stank on my skin.Everyone 's skin is different , and sweat and acidity can change the dominant notes . On myself , this perfume smells like cotton candy initially , and then dries down to a vanilla/amber scent after about 30 minutes . Any perfume can give people headaches or make them nauseous , particularly if the wearer works with chemotherapy patients , as I do . So it 's best not to wear too much of this stuff , if any at all , to work.It has some real sillage -- my coworker could smell it from outside my office , and came in to ask me what I was wearing . It also lasts a long time . At the end of the day , my husband could smell it too , and although he does n't like many perfumes either , he said I smelled tasty . Needless to say , I bought some .
 I had written a review on this before , but it looks like the page changed.Pink Sugar is wonderful ! It smells better than anything in the Dessert Line ... and it does n't make you sticky , cover you with glitter or fade after 10 minutes.Smells like graham crackers and vanilla syrup . = -RRB-
 This perfume smells just like cotton candy ! It smells great and I use it every day . My boyfriend loves it .
 This perfume is absolutely delicious !!! I have read some reviews that say the staying power isnt that long , but Im unsure of that . On my skin , I know it lasted at least 2 hours before I got immune to it . Buuuuuut , on my clothes , I know it has great staying power . I put some on at 12:30 am before I went to bed , and I still smell it on my shirt as we speak and it is now 9:42 am . The dry down is great because it smells just as good , and you can still smell the caramel vanilla cotton candy notes . I tried escada marine groove before this one , and I didnt like the fact that it smelled really good when I sprayed it , but died down to a scent that didnt showcase the original fruit smells . THIS IS A GREAT PERFUME , AND IM SURE THIS BODY MOUSSE IS GREAT TOO . I PLACED MY ORDER ON THE 6TH , AND THEY SENT AN EMAIL SAYING IT WOULD BE HERE ON THE 9TH . FAST SERVICE , GREAT PRODUCT !!! NOW IM GOING TO ORDER THE ACTUAL PINK SUGAR PERFUME FROM AMAZON ALSO . I BOUGHT MINE FROM SEPHORA AND PAID $ 52 FOR THE 1.7 OUNCE WHEN I CAN GET THE 3.3 FROM THIS SITE FOR AN AVERAGE OF $ 25-30 .
 I got exactly what I ordered . It arrived in perfect condition & very quickly -LRB- DFW Tx address -RRB- . This is a great leave in condition for people with dry curly hair . It wo n't take the curl out of your hair it leaves it soft & shiny & reduces the frizzies .
 biogenol leave in conditioner is the best stuff ever . I have been using it for years . It keeps my hair from having static electricity , increased shine , not too heavy or oily , and gives me hair the swingability i love . Have had difficulty finding it in my city ... I would almost fly to Italy to get this product . . it is that good .
 Hard to find in stores , but this product is a great light spray-in and blow dry leave-in conditioner . I have straight fine hair and it works very well .
 Love the scent ! It is one of my favorites . Unfortunately it is no longer available in dept stores and is sometimes difficult to find online .
 This -LRB- Trucco/Sebastian -RRB- is great lipstick ... I particularly like the Hue shade . . soft and goes with almost everything . Its moist and lasts well ... alas , the whole product line is being discontinued ... do n't know why . . so I bought several of those left .
 This is a really good body wash . I personally squeeze some onto a body puff and use it that way . An all around great body wash . I like the fact that it has exfoliating beads in it so it gets rid of dead skin.P.S - I 'm not a kid - I do n't have a login
 I am on my 3rd bottle of this product and I think it works very well . Not a really harsh exfoliant , but the skin feels softer after using it on a regular basis . It is not very scented which is something I appreciate . I use soap first and then this product afterwards , as I am not sure how good of a job it does at cleansing .
 I was using other body washes and found them to dry my skin so when searching around , I found this and have been quite happy with it however I find it is quite good . The beads are unique and soften the skin up and the soap keeps my skin from drying out.I would highly recommend this product .
 I have used this lotion for many years , main reason being it does not have a strong scent . Funny thing tho , I use it in the morning not at night , still works just as well ! However , it appears to be a discontinued product . I used to buy the large size bottle , 22oz ? but now can only find a few of these small ones in Amazon .
 So much to say about this leave-in , where to start ... I stumbled upon this product at a local drugstore with my only intention to find additional conditioning for my hair . I have long hair that dries out quickly at the tips , so I use about a dab of this stuff -LRB- size of a quarter -RRB- and work it into the ends of my hair as it 's still wet . A 10.1 oz bottle lasted me 2 years at least , and now I 'm towards the end , I realize I need more of this product ... If hair feels dry during the day , dampen ends with water and work in a little more of this conditioner . Thick consistency , but light in hair ; it 's easy to tote some of this in a small spare bottle without worry of it leaking all over your bag and other stuff . -LRB- had this experience with other hair products :P -RRB- Buy this product .
 I purchased my bottle of INCANTO CHARMS by SALVATORE FERRAGAMO at a much higher price at a high-end department store -LRB- the price here on AMAZON is really good -RRB- . First of all , the bottle is simply exquisite ! I love how it looks with its cosmic-looking cap and the combination of blue and pink colors of the bottle . The design gives the impression that the whole concept of this fragrance was well thought of.The scent is mainly white floral with a blend of passionfruit giving it that sweet and alluring character . I am not a big fan of floral scents but this one is just a perfect blend of its notes without making it overwhelmingly flowery . I love the dry down on the skin ... so delicious and fresh ... very subtle hints of the musk giving it that sexy kick beyond the sweetness . This scent is not overpowering , can be used anytime and anywhere without being offensive . I just love this one -- it 's my favorite among all the other INCANTO fragrances that Ferragamo has produced .
 It would suite a specific taste . Very green , slightly citrus a refreshing thing to wear to wake up or to refresh after a long day of work before you go out to a movie . Not at all a CK1 clone . Still A clean scent however .
 I ordered Incanto Shine last year as a gift someone in their early 20 's . She loved it . I gambled this year by trying this one . She said both are very similar and she loves this one too . Arrived very fast by mail .
 I first bought the small bottle of this for my wife , and she loved it . So , when it was almost gone , I got this 3.4 oz bottle for only $ 30 .
 This is another one of my favorites . This perfume lasts the wholeee day . It 's such a fresh smelling perfume . My cousin has me hooked on this perfume . And the price is great . Her husband bought it at macys or saks and he paid $ 70.00 for a large bottle . Amazon has a great price on it .
 Several years ago I purchased Incanto Charms in Chicago and LOVE this perfume but it is not easy to find . I found it at my favorite place - AMAZON ! Great service from the buyer too .
 I bought this as a gift and the person whom received is very satisfied and happy ... smells very nice . good and original and delivery was fast also .
 I really enjoy this fragrance . It 's fresh and lifts my spirit . Amazing price for the 3.4 oz bottle . Fast delivery from Amazon.com . The only drawback , the fragrance does not last long . I wish this would be available as an Eau De Parfume instead of an Eau De Toilette .
 After purchasing this product , I heard a lot of feedback from friends that buying perfume online could be risky since you are not completely sure that what you 're getting wo n't be watered down . I also read all the feedback from past buyers , and I wo n't lie , I started to feel a bit anxious that I was one of those that would be ripped off . Well I was completely wrong . The perfume may be a bit watered down to some , but for me it is perfect ! It lasts a long time and I always get compliments . I fell in love with this perfume , and am very satisfied with my purchase . It was totally worth considering I saved about $ 50 off of department store prices . I would definitely buy from them again !
 It 's light and clean . It 's the only perfume I 've used for several years now . I 'm definitely not into perfume that are overpowering and completely out does the woman that wears it . Your smell should n't linger in a room , as romantic as that sounds , it means you have on way too much or it 's too strong . That will not be an issue with this scent . You ca n't go wrong ! It 's particularly good as a gift -LRB- although I do n't believe in buying perfume as a gift because it 's a very personal thing people should choose for themselves -RRB- .
 I love this purfume and could n't be more pleased with my order . This is normally VERY expensive in the department store and I was able to get the same amazing scent for a lower price ! Incanto Charms is a light sweet scent that lasts all day long . At first I was leary about ordering it online because i did n't want it to be watered down , but it is perfect !
 This is the 2nd bottle I 've owned ... the first bottle was smaller in size ... great price and I love this fragrance ; always get compliments on it ...
 This a great scent . The only con is that the fragrance does not last long . You will have to reapply .
 i first tried the body lotion cuz it was on clearance at jcpennys and i feel in love with the scent . So I bought the perfume on amazon . It came in three days . As soon as I got it I sprayed some on my wrist and love the way it smells on me . Its a light perfume that stays for a very long time which is great for me cuz i hate to re-apply perfume thru out the day .
 This is one of the best-smelling perfumes I have ever tried . It 's fresh and flowery , with sweet jasmine and a hint of citrus . My boyfriend absolutely can not resist it and I always get compliments on how nicely I smell . Two thumbs way up !
 Just bought this spray yesterday . It 's a lovely , fresh scent . Good if you do ` not ' like a strong flowery or sweet scent . To me it smells natural , fresh , and clean .
 i adore this fragrance , it is so frutiy and vibrant . I would suggest his for younger woman , it is very exotic in smell , the only complaint i have is its staying power , it doesnt last to long , but what a great buy . At macys this retails for $ 72
 I tried this product while visiting a friend and the first thing I did was google it to see where I could order my own ! If your ' e looking for a detangling conditioner that will leave your hair silky soft , this is not for you . If you 're like me and like to tease your hair , especially with backcombing , you will love , love , love this conditioner ! It adds texture and grip , which is the greasy , tangled feel the other commenters were talking about , but it does n't look greasy and I was able to brush through my wet hair with some extra comb strokes . I love how easy it made my hair to style and it 's the first volumizing conditioner I 've tried that actually adds volume . I probably wont use it for daily showers because of its strong texture , but it will be my go-to product before nights out and special events . It smells great , but it 's a little strong at first . I 'm very excited I found this conditioner !
 This product is excellent for over processed and damaged hair and works when you have hard water . This product has a heavy moisturizer needed for chemically damaged hair . If your hair has severe damage and other products do not work try this but use a very small amount on the ends of your hair and work it through . Since it is a heavy moisturizer you do n't want to use much .
 I usually use the KMS Color Vitality conditioner and shampoo , but I was given a sample of this by my stylist at my last visit , and went home and tried it and loved it ! I use the Add Volume conditioner at my roots , and then use the Color VItality conditioner on the rest of my hair and leave it on for 2-3 minutes before rinsing out - it gives my roots so much volume and boost and i just LOVE it !
 I love this product . My hair is in the phase where I have to twist it and get may hair used to twisting before I go into complete dread locks.About every other morning I put this product in my hair and I hold my hair in place with hair styling clips . When you let it dry naturally or with very light heat it will hold the lock/twist . You really do n't have to use much at all , this jar can easily last up to 2 months.It smells great , there is no build up like with other products and as you can read in the ingredients there is no petroleum or petro jelly so it 's great for natural hair.I highly recommend it .
 I just started using Mango & Lime on my 6-year-old locs . It keeps my hair soft , but loc 'd . So far , so good . I love the fragrance , also !
 Rasta Mango & Lime Locking Gel is Fantastic . I am constantly recieving comments on my Lovely Locs , thanks to this product . My hair is manageable , soft , moisturized -LRB- not sticky or greasy -RRB- ... I love this product . Use the Locking Gel along with the moisturizing spray , shampoo and conditioner for Lovely Locs , all the time .
 Great item to add to your daily routine ! It has helped clear blemishes quickly !
 if u have oily skin ... it controls ur oil ... it takes care of inflamation because of the tea tree oil it has ... but it does make the skin a little red ... and as soon as u put it it burns like hell ... im serious its very painful ... i have to put it little by little or else my eyes will start to tear ... really hot burning sensation not good ... ill stop using it as soon as my acne starts to fade ... i recommend using 100 % pure tea tree oil from the same brand , desert essence , because it works as an antiseptic ... drys out skin a little but does n't burn ... takes redness away and inflamation and good for sensitive skin !!!
 that 's all i need to say . five stars , baby .
 This stick really gets rid of pimples fast . It penetrates deep into the skin and does n't feel greasy - just absorbs right in . Works a lot better than Burt 's Bee Blemish stick .
 I 'm 54 years old and -LRB- fortunately -RRB- do n't have too many breakouts these days . But when I do , they 're hormonal so can be rather large and painful . I picked up this item at my local Trader Joe 's on a whim . -LRB- They are no longer carrying it for SOME unknown and stupid reason ; even the Customer Service gal said teens all across America are sad ! -RRB- The Blemish Stick is incredible . Whenever I feel a zit coming on , I zap this stuff on it before going to bed . -LRB- I also rub some Trader Joe 's Vitamin E oil on it to prevent drying . -RRB- Next morning ? Voila ! It may not be 100 % gone , but it has definitely subsided ... in size AND pain!I 've `` left it behind '' when visiting my sisters so that nieces and nephews have it on hand . They do n't mention it , but I 've certainly noticed a difference in their problem areas . ; - -RRB- And I will not say this is a miracle cure to acne , but it 's worked better than ANYthing I 've tried over many years . And for the mere $ 6 - $ 8 , it 's certainly worth giving it a try to see if it works for you , too !
 I 've been using this product for around one year now and have little to complain . Here is some things to consider , though : ' Pros ' * It zaps pimples quickly * It 's made with organic materials * Works on mild acne , skin irritaions and bug bites too . * It 's really convenient . I keep it in my purse and use it 4-7 times daily in between classes and during the day . I LOVE the roll-on part , it 's so simple to apply ! ' Cons ' * It does burn a lot . I am 16 years old and it seriously is n't that bad . It lasts for 7 minutes tops and if it burns , it means it is working . :-RRB- I find it refreshing . * Strong smell . My friends think it smells really weird but it is n't . It smells like strong spices > I like it . * If you put it on your forehead it WILL RUN INTO YOUR EYES ! Not exactly a con but it 's liquid so do n't get it in your eyes , it stings ; -RRB- So buy it ? Pass ? Up to you but I love it . : -RRB-
 I love this . It 's natural , and actually does what it says . I bought this on a whim and am hooked . It does n't dry out my skin , smells pleasant -LRB- if you do n't mind tea tree oil -RRB- and dries out acne . I really like the rollerball applicator it comes in as well .
 One of the few medications that help for bad/inflamed mosquito bites , and other skin irritations . Strongly recommended ! I 've been using it for ages with great result -LRB- reduces both the itch and the inflammation which caused it -RRB- .
 I just buy the product for my wife , but she does really like the product . She has used it for 5 + years and swears by it .
 I get impetigo once or twice a year which really annoys me . I have been searching for years for all natural cures and finally I came across this product and Ill tell you what , this stuff works great ! It took 5 days off my recovery of impetigo . I recommend this product to anyone with blemishes they wish to get rid of fast .
 Since stumbling across this product in my local health food store I 've become completely addicted to it . My skin has never been so clear ! I used to use rubbing alcohol to dry out small blemishes or bug bites , with the accompanying sting and the return of the itch soon after . An application of Desert Essence Blemish Touch Stick actually makes the itch -- and the blemish -- go away ! Generally , you will have to apply this more frequently than some other treatments , but with its small , portable size and pleasant-but-quickly-dissipating scent , that should n't be a problem . I love that this product is all-natural ; it wo n't damage or dry out your skin and it 's good for the earth .
 This product is amazing for reducing redness/pimples . It will make your skin a little more red when you first put it on , but give it 20 minutes and that redness will go away . Give it two days and your pimple will be gone ! Love it!Cons
 This product works very well . When I notice the appearance of a blemish , I use Blemish Touch on it the morning and at night . Usually by my third application , the evidence of healing is visible .
 I 've used Trucco Matte Luminesse eyeshadow for years and it 's always been a great product . The pigment is awesome , I do n't get the creases of make up on my eyelids , no allergy or irritant problems , and it works for my skin tone which is very fair .
 This soap is wonderful . My skin still breaks out at 40 yrs old but since I 've been using this I 've noticed alot less breakouts and softer skin . Never been able to use soap on my face before . thanks for something I can finally use .
 I love Dove exfoliating bars and it is convenient to have them shipped to my front door !
 This dove soap leaves your skin sooooo soft and glowing !!! I have sensitive skin but also want a defoliator that will be gentle enough for everyday use and am so glad that Dove came out with this line . The bodywash is also fantastic and leaves your skin smelling sooo fresh and so clean !!!
 I have used other dove bars along the way -LRB- white unscented , pink , etc -RRB- and I have also used St. Ives ' exfoliating face washes before . So when dove came up with the exfoliating feature in the traditional lineup of moisturising bars , I had to try it . I could make out the difference in the feel it has on the skin . After the shower it felt exactly the same as with other Dove bars , which was `` good '' . Summary
 I LOVE the smell of this oil ! It is softly scented with a light hint of citrus . I am VERY sensitive to smells and this oil is light . I take this along whenever I get a maasage . Not heavy , cloying like lotions and some oils where you feel like you have been sealed with a second skin . Ugh ! I highly reccommend this oil . I have not tried it as a bath oil -LRB- as the bottle suggests -RRB- but I 'm sure it would be great as a bath oil too . LOVE THIS STUFF !
 One of the hardest and most challenging experiences is finding the type of soap or body wash that will fit for a specific persons body type . With the many different types of skin , it is always hard to find one that will fit more than one type . In order to do so , it takes a process of buying the newest soap at the store , testing it out , realize in a week that it is not for you , and then lastly , spend six more dollars to purchase a new one . This long process ended with Dove Exfoliating Body Wash. . After using the original Dove soap for about four years , the exfoliating wash took soap to the next level.The clean feeling you get after using the exfoliating soap is different from the one you get with the bar . Because the bar just gives a soapy lather and is in bar form , it is hard to get that deep down clean that one needs . With the exfoliating soap it contains small blue beads that help to break up the dead skin and reach into your pores.As for moisturizer the exfoliating soap gets deep down and keeps skin silky and smooth . Many would think that because of the beads in the soap it would dry out skin . This is not the case because it contains a moisturizing agent for all types of skin . The bar seems to give moisture , but another moisturizer is always needed after use.When in the shower , it is always easier to pick up a bottle that to pick up a bar of soap . Because the Dove Exfoliating body wash comes in a bottle , you do not have to fish for you soap in the shower after you drop it for the tenth time . It is also easier to use in family situations due to the fact that it is more sanitary . With out having the soap exposed and used on more that one person you get the great feeling clean that you need.Before picking up another type of soap try using Dove Exfoliating body wash . Some people feel content using bar of soaps but the bottle exfoliate is always a good option . So when choosing your next soap , Dove Exfoliating Body Wash might be the better choice
 I really like this body wash . It is a little more liquidy than I expected , but I am learning to like that . If you use it with a washcloth , you ca n't feel the exfoliating beads , but if you just use your hands to rub it on , it has a nice not-too-rough exfoliating feel.It also has a soft pleasant scent and feels like it washes clean -LRB- does n't leave a lot of residue on your skin -RRB- .
 This is the best stuff i also love many other dove products.This is a nice product.Pros . . smells wonderful not too permumy . easy to squeze out of bottle . makes skin smooth
 With the blue beads this body wash is so soothing , you will feel refreshed after your shower . I reccomend this for every women especially hard working woman
 I love this product . My veterinarian told me about being able to buy cotton in a large roll . I have a Cocker Spaniel and she has frequent ear infections . However , by keeping them clean with a prescribed solution and &#34; cleaning up &#34; with the cotton , we manage to keep the infections to a minimum.I 've also shared some of the cotton with family members by simply cutting off a section and giving it to them.Great product .
 Great product . I use it to wrap my puppies ears after she was healed from her crop . It was mailed out right away .
 This product is great for acne prone skin . It could be better at removing makeup but overall I love it and it controls oily skin really well . Highly recommended
 I have used this particular product for the last year and a half . I have some unsightly rash on my leg that is irritated by heat . The tea tree antiseptic greatly reduces the flair ups I get when the rash comes into contact with any kind of heat . It provides instant cooling relief .
 Love this product . I definitely would recommend it.A quality product which I have used on scrapes , cuts and burns . Works better then I would have hoped for .
 I love this cream ! I ca n't find it at my local Whole Foods anymore , so I 'm glad to find it here . I got into some stinging nettles in my yard and my ankles were itching like crazy . I got some hydrocortisone cream but that just made them itch worse ! This Tea Tree lotion calmed down the itching IMMEDIATELY . It 's very soothing and cooling . I keep it on the coffee table and apply randomly while watching TV . :-RRB- It does have a strong smell , but not an unpleasant one .
 Its good stuff and it smells a lot like tea tree oil because thats what is contained in it ... so everyone will be able to smell it when you apply it . . but it doesnt smell bad or anything so its not an issue but its worth mentioning
 This is a very good product . Since it is a mixture rather than 100 % tea tree , I find it is more useable - also like that it is in 4 oz size rather than the tiny bottles of tea tree . When I bought this , which was very recently , it was provided/shipped thru Amazon & could qualify for free shipping , however I see that has now changed ... . does n't qualify toward free shipping nor ship from Amazon now . I prefer all items I order be shipped directly by Amazon , so will keep checking on this to see if Amazon becomes the shipper again .
 Tea Tree Therapy is all I have used on people with allergies . It really works . I have used the cream , ointment , and oil . To massage people with nerve problems or who are scratched up , I mix glycerin 50/50 with water and put in a hefty helping of the oil in a pump bottle -LRB- you have to shake because it will separate -RRB- . It works really well though they do n't say to use it for that . I massaged some with MD who had n't felt his pinky and ring fingers in months with the ointment working on the the related tendons and his crippled hands and feet bloomed open like flowers . It 's nice because the smell is also very relaxing . I put the same guy , a Vietnam Vet , to sleep so deeply with it that he slept for 5 hours straight . He never sleeps more than 4 hours a night and never in a row . I also used the oil on my boss who got his hand caught in the firing pin of a new gun . He is diabetic and so I washed it off and put the oil . It healed really fast and he did not get and infection . This brand is the only one I will use and the prices on Amazon are cheaper than what I pay in person . I put their products on everybody who is scratched up or cut and it 's great . Heals nicely without scars .
 I have used this product for several months and love it . I tried several different products to help control facial blemishes . This product works very well .
 The local health store was out of tea tree oil antiseptic cream so I ordered 4 bottles online from Amazon.com . I apply it in my hands and lower arms after washing with liquid anti-fungal soap that I ordered with it . It soothes and help the skin heal without worrying about side effects as do pharmaceutical drugs have . It smells astringent-like but it does not bother me . I apply it at night and by the following day , there is hardly any smell . It is the best remedy I know for skin problems such as fungal infection , insect bites , minor cut and scrapes , minor burns , etc. .
 While Perlier products are a bit pricey , I really , really enjoy the scents and quality . I recommend Perlier to all my female friends and family . I use lots of their products . Try it .
 I have used this lotion for several years and used to be able to buy it locally at several different locations . Recently I started looking for it locally only to find all stores had quit handling it so I tried Amazon and lo and behold there it was , and at a very reasonable price , even with shipping . It is a very soothing lotion , not sticky or oily , rubs in nicely and has a nice scent , and very subtle . Glad I can continue on with this wonderful lotion .
 I love Queen Helen 's Cocoa Butter lotions , but this particular one has a scent that could be milder . It works just the same though - wounderfully !
 this works great for dry skin problems i have had and it smells great as well
 Great mix of mango and cocoa butter , i have very dry skin and it works well for me .
 Great lotion ! I use it daily and all over . A super product @ a reasonable price . The sent is sutle and smells great
 For the price , you can not beat the value of Queen Helene 's Mango/Cocoa Butter Lotion ! This is my GO-TO lotion for the winter -LRB- I swim indoors almost daily too -RRB- . The scent is fabulous and it 's so rich and creamy -- it 's what my dry skin craves.Highly Recommend .
 This lotion is so great ! I love the smell and texture and it really helps my skin . It compares favorably or even better than other brands of cocoa butter I 've tried in the past .
 I first tried Ahava products when I visited Israel and fell in love with their products and the way they made my skin feel and look . Made from the invigorating Dead Sea salts , all of their products are incredible and worth the price . Although I should have stocked up more when I was in Israel since they 're cheaper there , this is n't too much of an increase in price and its worth every cent . The Dead Sea Bath Salts are wonderful - very calming and soothing and leave your skin feeling silky smooth . You do n't need much per bath - a little goes a long way - so the 32 oz . bottle should last awhile . I highly recommend this product !
 Do n't have time -LRB- or the dollars -RRB- to go to a spa ? Try these Dead Sea Bath Salts . Chock full of natural minerals -LRB- the same minerals found in a body 's own moisturizing factor -RRB- these salts provide a rejuvenating and exhilarating bathing experience.I 've found that a 20 minute soak two or three times a week provides optimum results for sore muscles , and even chronic back discomfort.For a really special occasion , treat yourself by lighting a scented candle or two to enhance bath time . Ahhhhh - Ahava !
 I truly enjoyed using this product . It was very soothing and relaxing . It left my skin so soft and helped with my dry skin . I would recommend this product and I would also give this as a gift .
 My mother really loves these bath salts . AHAVA is her favorite . I know there 's others like Honey Herbal etc. but she prefers something without a strong scent . This is perfect for anyone who loves to just soak in a warm bath at the end of a stressful day . Great product , but a bit pricey . So it 's not something I buy for myself . Some people love long , luxurious baths . If you know someone like that , they would appreciate this .
 I love AHAVA products . These bath salts do an excellent job softening your skin . The scent is very mild and pleasant . I often avoid bath salts as they tend to be highly-scented and give me migraines . This does not .
 I love my bubble baths . I add these salts to my honey bath and it is very relaxing . With epsom salts , you have to mix the water to get them to dissolve . Not so with these dead sea salts!A product I will buy again and again .
 I would not give it any stars yet if I did n't have to . I have not used it yet but wanted to comment on the pricing ... I found AHAVA Dead Sea Salts at TJMaxx by accident -LRB- though I was wanting it anyway -RRB- . It 's a 32 oz . container just as the one listed here for $ 9.99 !!! That beats the heck out of $ 25.49 for the same thing ! I 've not used it yet but I feel much better about spending ten bucks on something I might not like instead of the other price .
 I broke my hip in '99 and since then it seems I have tried everybath product there is to soothe my aches and pains.AHAVA is the best there is . As AHAVA is somewhat pricey , I usuallykeep on hand , the old faithful-Epsom Salts . With AHAVA I can getout of the tub without my hip hurting at all . Epsom Salts helpsbut there is nothing to beat AHAVA .
 I have purchased this item three or four times prior to this order . When I ordred the product I was under the impression I would be getting two units as I paid the same price for two in the past . I only received one unit . Very disappointed and disatisfied .
 This is a great product for people with dry hands like myself . During the winter , my hands turn red and chapped -- but after I slathered on the Ahava Hand Cream before I slept at night , in the morning , and once in the afternoon , my hands were baby soft . Now , I dab only a small amount on once before I sleep and once after I wake up . Although people may opt to use regular lotion , I highly recommend this hand cream to people with pretty bad to severely dry hands .
 Ahava Advanced Hand Cream is a luxurious product . The texture is very thick and creamy , yet absorbs quickly . The results are that my hands , which are normally like sandpaper , are extremely soft ! I 've tried numerous hand creams to no avail , so I was pleasantly surprised by the benefits of using Ahava . Ahava has a pleasant fragrance also , but may be overpowering to allergy-sensitive individuals .
 I really liked this product . My hands became soft immediately after using it . Other products I 've used have never worked as quickly . You need only a small amount and it absorbs quickly . It has a light scent , which is nice . I 'd recommend this product to friends and family because it works very well .
 This stuff works wonders ! At first it feels a little heavy and greasy , but it soaks in fairly quickly and does n't leave my hands all slimy . The stuff smells great to boot !
 I kept my tube of Ahava Advanced Hand Cream in the drawer of my kitchen and used it after each hand wash . I loved the way my hands smelled afterwards ! My hands felt moisturized but not greasy ! I 'd recommend it , but it does seem to be a little high priced for hand cream .
 I 'm not sure if any hand cream is worth the price of this product . But , if I were to pay this much , I 'd want to be sure of what I was getting . Ahava is a big improvement from normal drugstore creams . I work with my hands all day long , and they need a break . Ahava has kept them from feeling tight and dry without making them slick and oily . What more do you want from a hand cream ?
 I absolutely loved the Ahava Hand Cream . It has a beautifully soft fragrance that lingers for quite a while . It 's not at all greasy and was absorbed quickly into my skin . It definitely left my hands feeling much softer and moisturized .
 I really liked this hand cream . It 's nice and thick . I 've noticed with other creams that I want to put more on my hands , sometimes just 30-45 minutes later . This cream makes my hands feel moisturized for several hours at a time . It also has a nice fragrance . It seems to do what it claims to do -- my hands seem less rough . I 'd most likely recommend it to friends and family , if they asked .
 Darphin dot com sells 1.7 oz jar for $ 60 in the US , with free standard shipping . Why pay more ?
 My wife loves the product.It gives the skin a wonderful glow and smooths out facial lines.Definitely recommend it !
 We have purchased and used in the past . Nice product . -LRB- I 've said what I wanted but am required to use 10 more words . -RRB- Why ?
 I have been using this lip color by Revlon , DEEP NUDE for years now . It is a perfect color for when you want subtle color that still makes it 's presence known . Perfect for everyday wear . Goes with EVERYTHING . I too , have not been able to find it in stores lately and will be terribly upset if Revlon does away with it . It is my favorite .
 I bought this lipstick several years ago when I was looking for something that was simple , yet finishing . I loved it so much that I told my mom about it . She tried it and loved it , too ! Even though we have different skin tones , we can both wear it and LOVE IT . Add in my sister , who also wears it and we have 3 women all with different skin colors and tones and all can wear this color . Love it ! Now , its getting harder to find in stores so Im resorting to buying it online . I pray that Revlon doesnt do away with it .
 I love this lipstick , the color I love is hard to find , I do n't know if it 's discontinued or not . But I went so far as to order it on Amazon , so that should say something . Great deal .
 This lotion was very nice -- it soaked in quickly and did n't leave my skin feeling greasy or sticky . It does have a slight perfumed fragrance , which may be annoying to those who prefer unscented products . I like Ahava , but it 's a bit expensive for a daily body lotion .
 Ahava Advanced Body Lotion is a high quality skin and body lotion that does n't feel overly greasy . The pump design is also more attractive than the other bottles on the market . The lotion has a pleasant smell -- not too perfumey . Ahava is great on my hands during the winter to keep my skin from drying out . This is a high quality product .
 Ahava Advanced Body Lotion was such a treat ! Not only did it leave my skin feeling silky and cool , it had a very pleasant perfume scent that was n't too strong . I found that it was most pleasurable to put it on my freshly shaved legs after a shower . The bottle is a very attractive pump that looks great on my bathroom counter . One squirt goes a long way . Ahava is excellent for the body . However , if you have very dry hands , stick to the heavy-duty creams during dry weather . Ahava Advanced Body Lotion would make a wonderful gift for any woman with class .
 I love the smell ; it 's like the spa . The lotion is fast absorbing and very moisturizing . This morning , I put it on my legs and they 're still soft , even though it 's below zero outside . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 This was my 3rd tube , I love it for the Fall time.I wear it during the day at work and night . It 's even a neutral enough for church
 I highly recommend this perfume . I receive lots of compliments on how pretty it smells and it is not loud and offensive to those who are sensitive to smells . I love this fragrance !!!!!
 First , I have to say that I do n't normally like shower gels , but this one really did make my skin feel more hydrated , softer , and less itchy in cold weather . I 'm very picky and highly suspect of product claims , but I do recommend this product for those with good taste . Additionally , I would suggest using a very soft cloth and applying this product very gently for two reasons
 The smell was wonderful -- even after I washed , it still smelled nice . I work in a factory . This can make my skin dry at times , but this product left my skin feeling soft . It was gentle enough , but also took off dirt and grease that I really did n't think would stand a chance against a soap like this . I was really impressed and I would recommend this product .
 The Ahava Mineral Shower Gel was very good . I used it for seven days and really enjoyed showering with it . The fragrance of the shower gel was very soothing , and the way it made my skin feel was terrific . It left my skin feeling very clean . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I really enjoy using the Ahava Mineral Shower Gel . I used it with a mesh puff , and the gel lathered up into excellent foam . This lather was as good as any shaving foam that I have used when shaving my legs . This soap has a light pleasant scent that I really enjoyed . It left my skin soft and smooth . I have sensitive skin , and after a full week of use , I have had absolutely no negative reactions ! I ca n't say that about all soaps ! This is a great product .
 The Ahava Mineral Shower Gel was a great product . The scent was very soft and not overpowering . After using the product for a few days , my skin definitely feels softer . I found using a shower puff greatly enhanced my experience . The shower gel lathered up nicely . The only thing I would suggest is that they switch to a flip-top lid . I found trying to open it in the shower to be a little frustrating . I would definitely recommend this product to my friends .
 Hot scolding water is not always available at a gig . So Mi-T-Mist Disinfectant is a great alternative to avoid excessive germs on a mouthpiece .
 Great product ! I 'm not sure about how much my daughter uses but she loves the fact that we do n't have to buy multiple bottles . I tried to find the largest amount of it for the best price and by far , through Amazon , this was the best ! All the other websites had it retailed for $ 10 ! Thank you Amazon !
 Very good product for any musician who is concerned with keeping their mouthpieces sanitary and gunk-free ! This product will last a decade , and has a spearmint scent that is soft and not too harsh . Also would recommend to music teachers to keep in their offices at school to keep loaned out instruments clean and fresh .
 I had a bottle of this that lasted me a few years . It never ran out ; I lost it in a move . I decided to buy another one , and it works great ! It 's good for sterilizing instruments , like , if you ever share an instrument with somebody and do n't want to catch their cold.ALSO , I pulled out my old piccolo yesterday . -LRB- Have n't taken it out of the case in 3 years -RRB- . It was literally orange/brown -LRB- where it is silver or metal -RRB- . I sprayed this stuff on it , and wiped it down with my polishing cloth -LRB- not chemically treated -RRB- . ALL GONE within a minute ! I WAS ASTONISHED . -LRB- I tried wiping it off with my cloth , and it would n't come off much . So , it WAS this product that did it -RRB- . SO , I HIGHLYYYYYY RECOMMEND IT .
 great price-we stocked up on this bc it is a fraction of the cost charged at music stores . arrived well packed and sealed . would purchase from seller again .
 I used to work retail and now I am a teacher . Finding eye makeup that can stand high stress without touchups has become something of a holy grail for me . It used to be that Maybelline made my fave liquid , but they discontinued the washable liquid , and I would end up getting little chunks of the waterproof in my eyes at the end of the day . That stuff did NOT come off with out a chisel ! ColorStay is the greatest make up line , and this eyeliner particularly , because you can put it on , it lasts ALL DAY , and it still kind of melds into your skin . It 's not * waterproof * but rather long-wearing . The only thing I would change is to see some more colors . I wore the Maybelline in Taupe , and it was just right to define the eyes without the Cleopatra-look liquid eyeliner is known for ... Here , I get Black/brown and brush a little gray eyeshadow into the lash line to diffuse the distinct line . I will be sad if it ever goes away ...
 This bath mitt does exfoliate well . Good to have not only for the winter when our skin is dry but all yar round .
 Best bath mit by far that I have gotten my hands on . It takes off all of the dirt and dead skin . It leaves your skin so fresh and clean . Amazing product . I buy it as a gift and always get rave reviews from everyone that i get one for . It is a MUST have .
 This really scrubs wonderfully well . It is easy to rinse too ! Yet to see any discoloring and deterioration after some hard scrubbing . Bought the whole set -LRB- Facial , Mitt and Back -RRB- . Now thinking of getting for my kids too . : -RRB-
 Best product I have ever used . I use it every time I take a shower . It feels clean and fresh after using it .
 I purchased the mitt and body scrubber a year ago for myself and love the clean feeling I get when I use them . I have traveled quite a bit lately , and take the mitt with me because I do n't get the same feeling with any other products ! The body scrubber is the greatest back scratcher ever !!! After a year of hanging in my shower , these products still look brand new . They rinse clean and fresh , and have not worn at all.I just purchased several sets as gifts and hope my friends enjoy them as much as I have.Not inexpensive , but worth the price !!
 I first found this product at the -LRB- Spa Shop -RRB- at Four Seasons Spa in Maui . After trying it , I was so happy with the product that I sent one to my sister . She loves it . Also , the seller shipped quickly and the product came in exact as described . Will do business with this company again .
 `` lovely '' . the perfect bath mitt ever clean no more bad smells the color the size all is perfect , im really happy with my new buy
 This mitt is an excellent exfoliator ... Works much better than scrubs and is less cumbersome I will be purchasing other products from this line
 I 've been using this stuff for years . I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT ! It sets my foundation great . . & is even great without foundation & still has great coverage ! I also use it for touch ups . . A LOT ! It lasts quite awhile & does n't feel heavy or cakey at all . I definitely recommend for someone who is looking for something that is JUST as good as high end powders ! The only downside is the powder puff it comes with falls apart VERY easily . I bought my last compact just 3 weeks ago & its completely falling apart ! But it 's an easy fix because I just use my blush brush to apply it for touch ups . Just wish it came with a better quality puff . It 's worth it though for the LOW PRICE ! I just recommend tossing the puff & buying a better quality one that can be washed over & over or simply by using a powder/blush brush . Other than that I love this stuff !!
 This is a nice pressed powder the size I got was small and has lasted for sometime now it feels nice .
 Does what it needs to do and travels well . The compact has held up well in my bag and is great for quick touch-ups .
 My only complaint with this face powder is that the powder puff thing that comes with it ALWAYS starts falling apart long before the powder is running out . I 've purchased this close to a dozen times and the cheap powder applicator never fails to fall apart on me ... Love this powder though - it 's great for a matte finish over foundation and not too heavy .
 I love the Maybelline brand . This makeup provides good coverage , even without foundation . It also helps my skin because I have really oily skin . The case and the mirror are also a good size . I would recommend this makeup to my friends .
 This is the best at removing Mascara/coverup makeup . Not oily at all and does ` nt irritate the eyes . That 's important because I wear contacts !
 Exactly what you would expect from this brand for less than I can get it in the local big box .
 I have spent many years and a lot of money on eye make-up removers , and I consistently come back to this product . It works on eyes and lips , and is not greasy -LRB- YUCK ! -RRB- or irritating . One tip that I will share is to use the cotton squares or rounds instead of cotton balls and hold it against your eyes for a few seconds before wiping the make-up off . This is a great product for a great price .
 I have used this remover for many years and it works great . I have never had any irritation or issues at all .
 I was looking for a smaller , light-weight hair dryer . The older I get the harder it is to dry my hair with the larger , heavier dryers ... my arms get tired ! I read all the reviews and this one seemed the best . Boy was everyone right ! This dryer is EXCELLENT ! Small but powerful , folds for travel , and very light weight . I recommend this dryer to everyone whether you travel or not , it 's the best !
 I 've had this dryer for years . It was my first dryer -LRB- purchased for going away to school -RRB- . I 've never used it everyday , but I do use it once or twice a week . I 've never had a problem with it . It has never overheated and shut off or anything . My mom buys top of the line blow dryers and they seem to only last a couple years before they stop working . This one is well made . Plus it is very quiet -LRB- especially compared to those ritzy ones my mom buys -RRB- . If you have to use a dryer while someone else is asleep , this one is less likely to bother anyone . The only bad thing about it is that it does n't have a diffuser so it blows out my curls ... but then that 's why I do n't blow dry everyday . : -RRB-
 I recently used this hair dryer at a hotel and had to have one . It is very easy to use the on/off and temperature settings with one hand while using a brush with the other . Also the cool shot button is a nice feature .
 I absolutely love this product . The white clover scent is my favorite and the only scent I have purchased . It is a clean , pretty scent and a nice change from fruity or food fragrances . The white clover scent is n't flowery either . It has a light soap fragrance which is not overbearing . The hand and body lotion are great too ... not greasy or too thick . Davies Gate products are hard to find . Test market Bath & Body Works stores sell Davies Gate products for the same price listed on Amazon . A bit of caution ; though , white clover is usually sold out . Ulta stores also started carrying Davies Gate , but not all the scents . If what I described of Davies Gate White Clover is what you are searching , you will not be disappointed !
 This color is subtle , pretty , and a very pale pink , which is what I wanted . I received the shipment very quickly and am very happy .
 OK , so next to giving a the skin a natural-looking tan tone -LRB- not too orangey -RRB- , the most important thing in a self-tanning product is the smell . I have searched high and low for a lotion that does not have that stinky , `` chemical '' smell attributed to the primary tanning ingredient found in these products . This coconut-scented lotion by Delon is the best I have found so far . It also gives a nice golden tone to the skin and actual does double as a body moisturizer .
 I ca n't find this in the stores . My skin is so fair , I use white for conceler and highlights . This is perfect
 I have had one tube of this for a couple of years now and JUST ran out . I am feeling very yucky without it.I only gave it 4 stars because the consistency could be a SMIDGE more creamy , but it has decent staying power.For those who say that it does n't cover the dark circles under the eyes , you will need to 1st use a concealer that is a shade lighter than your face 's skin color first -LRB- or closer to a salmon color -RRB- and then lightly add this to the top . Watch some videos on YouTube about ` highlighting ' and you will find that this color is perfect for those highlighting areas on top of your base / foundation and normal concealer.Maybe there are better versions of this in the ` fancier ' brands , but I am returning to buy this one because I know it works and takes off 10 years when used under my eyes .
 I have been using this brand for over 10 years now and consider it a necessary part of my makeup routine . I use it for highlighting my nose bridge , under my eyes to even out the skin color , and around my lips as a base to set liner . I blend it in with a colored liquid foundation and it blends well . The stick holds up for months and months - I usually go through 1 a year .
 This is getting to be a hard to find product in stores , but a must have for me . Works great covering up under eye imperfections on my fair skin .
 I bought this concealer because I felt like trying something new and inexpensive.So ... The coverage is good . I mean , it completely covered my dark under eye circles and I could n't be happier.Even though this concealer is somewhat thick , it goes on very smooth and I had no trouble blending it . I did n't experience any creasing and it did n't settle into fine lines . And best of all , it 's cheap and super long lasting.The only problem with this concealer is that there are n't that many shades to choose from . I bought this concealer in medium beige and the color is okay but it would 've been perfect if they had a shade in between light beige and medium beige . Also , just be careful when you apply more than one layer of this stuff , because if you layer it too many times it can start looking cakey . But if you 're only trying to cover a few flaws then this stuff works wonders .
 This concealer does it 's job , it 's natural , it helps with redness in the face , and the whole under eye area . I think it 's better using it with a primer , because it can be a little dry . Other than that I think it 's cheap and great !
 This is by far my favorite cover up . Dab on and magically it covers what needs to be covered . Perfect .
 I have used them all - expensive down to the least and I still come back to my simple to apply and stays on Maybelline . Great product for the money .
 I love this product . Have used this for years . Thank you Maybelline . And yes , I have used Maybelline for years .
 It works nicely for my under eye circles and evening out my skin tone , but it 's not the best for pimples/redness -LRB- but it 's fine for me because I do n't have too much -RRB- . The concealer is creamy , but can be dry . I found that it works best when you warm it up a bit and then apply to your skin .
 WOW , since I 've been using the ISINIS hair brush I 've seen an incredible change in my hair . I believe a lot has to do with the cushion , when I brush my hair with my ISINIS the cushion allows the bristles to flow through my hair in such a way that my hair looks great and it stays in place like never before . Without using any product . Also the ball tips on the end of the bristles are so gentle on my scalp , none of that irritating scalp rash I get from non-tipped brushes . OOHHH , and those nasty grey hairs , they have gone back to my natural color . ;--RRB- Hey , it 's jus a hair brush for cris sake .
 This brush is green , not blue . It is very beautiful and well made . The size is too small for me to use as a travel brush so I bought it for my daughter . I rated this brush as I did , becauseit is a tad expensive for the size and is not static free .
 I 've used these brushes for years and have never found anything I like as well anywhere else . Everyone in our family , long hair to short hair , uses them . I prefer the strength of the ball tipped kind . The larger brushes are great for wet hair , the smaller for dry hair and travelling .
 Little too orangy for my skin tone , but rubbing it in , you can hardly notice ! Great product for semi-medium tan skin
 I 've found this to be a really good color . My natural color falls in between other Natural Instinct shades , but this one works well -- it covers the small amount of gray I have -LRB- but note that it 's temporary color so it does n't cover the gray permanently -RRB- and it does n't bring out the red undertones too much . Also , it leaves my hair shiny and healthy looking . I try to stay away from chemicals as much as possible , and this brand seems to be at the low end of the `` chemical scale . '' The only thing is it 's been difficult to find this particular shade at the drugstore lately !
 I purchased this KMS product online because I could n't find it locally . I happened to have some with me on a family trip when my mother asked if she could use some . She loved it , so I had to find a container for her ! I love Amazon and the ability to find products that I ca n't get locally and ... it was cheaper than when I could get it locally ! :o-RRB- Delivery was prompt as well ... what more could you ask for ?
 So when I get my hair done by this one hairdresser , he always uses this KMS hair stay gel wax to style my hair afterwards . I have short hair , and it helps keep it from looking frizzy . It is not good for trying to spike your hair or do anything that defies gravity . It does not get stiff and gross , and it smells good -- like cranberries . But it does n't overpower you , so you can still wear lotions/perfumes . In the salon it costs $ 16 at least .
 I have used this product for about 40 years . Of all the false eye lashes available , this is the only one that fits the length of my eyelids . All other manufactures are too wide for my eyelids and most of the eyelashes are too long to look real . It is n't possible to buy this product in Portland , OR any longer so I 'm thankful for the internet association .
 I still use the old school metal curler that I 've had for decades , and I ca n't find these refills in the store anymore . These look like they have been sitting on the store shelves for a few years , but thats fine with me - the packages are sealed and they fit my curler , unlike those new black refills .
 These are the only style of the eye lash curler refill that works!I do not understand that Maybelline does not accept our compliants about the refills . But Thankfully I managed to get them thru Amazon . I should be set for a few years ! Thank You Amazon !
 Every `` newer '' curler I 've tried has a wider rim , which does n't work if you are curling lower lashes . The old school Maybelline curler , & FLAT refills are screaming better than the rest ! So glad to find some refills , as they are impossible to come by these days ! The new black ones are rounded , & although they still work in the shorter rimmed curlers , they do not curl the lashes the same . These refills are the best !
 I thought that I had found the refills for my old Maybelline eyelash curler ! No product available !!!! What to do ? I do not like the `` new '' black silicone . It is too hard and does not curl . I am still using a refill from 2 years ago ! Anyone know where I can get soft refills ?????
 These refills fit the my vintage 1960 's Maybelline eyelash curler perfectly . Now I 'm back using the best setup ever !! Tried the newer replacement refills in black and other off brand refills which claimed to fit the Maybelline eyelash curler . Nothing fit properly in order to work.The older refills in white rubber verses the newer clunky , black silcone refills is the only way to fly ... absolutely the perfect match-up !!!
 This powder has a wonderful , fine , silky consistency and a pleasant smell that does n't linger . It goes on smoothly with the included puff and controls shine for a long time -- maybe not all day , but for several hours , at least . I have mostly normal/combination skin , with a forehead that can get oily and cheeks that tend toward dryness ; this controlled shine all over without making any part of my face dry or itchy . It did n't reveal flaky patches or make the thin skin under my eyes look wrinkly . It 's difficult to evaluate the finish because it does n't really match my skin tone . I would expect a powder that only comes in light or medium to be more neutral , but this has a noticeable yellow tone .
 I have been using Maybelline Shine Free Powder for a couple of years now and it has never let me down ! I have fairly oily skin and this is the only powder I have tried which really works and keeps my skin looking great for the whole day and through the night with minimal to no retouching . And all for a very affordable price . I could n't ask for a better product !
 I bought it for my sister and she really like it . It does what it says regarding the shine control , and it covers a great deal
 I have very fair oily skin . This is everything I need ... not cakey at all and gives me a great matte finish ! Best of all it is super affordable !
 Recommended.I have used this to set my L'oreal True Match liquid makeup for years . I have fairly pale skin , and this is the only powder I 've found to match my skin tone . Most powders have a tendency to run pink , and I have decidedly warm undertones , so I was pleasantly pleased to find a powder that wo n't turn my face orange . I have also used CoverGirl 's similar powder foundation , which runs slightly more pink than this -LRB- though I 'd probably classify it more neutral ... -RRB- , and I have a tendency to buy whichever one 's cheaper at the drug store . I do not , however , like the powder puff that comes with this product . It 's the thin , flat , cloth-type thing that might work better for some people but cakes the powder over my foundation . Whenever I purchase this powder , I use my own face brush to apply it .
 What can I say . The title says it all . Shine free powder keeps my face from getting oily even in the summer time .
 I love these compacts and I hope Amazon continues to sell them!Thanks .
 I so love this one ! it is very gentle , smell is smooth and great , just like the 202 perfume . And a little goes a long way . Just a bit of it is enough for your whole body .
 Maybelline shine free Loose Powder really leaves a nice finish on your skin . I use it over their makeup . It reduces the look of pours and leaves skin with a nice clean look . Very natural looking .
 i love this powder , it never makes my skin shiny . its the perfect color for my skin tone . and i will buy again and again
 Best dandruff shampoo there is . I do not have dandruff , but use this shampoo . It gets `` build up '' off my scalp - making it feel `` fresh '' and clean , without drying it out . Shampoo is antibacterial . In case you did n't know , dandruff can be transmitted from one person to another from using brushes and that sort of thing . This shampoo will also help ensure that you do n't get dandruff . ... just ca n't say enough .
 Wow , this is a great lotion for everyday use , whether you 're a fan of tanning or not . I have very dry skin and this is the first lotion I 've found in any category that does what it says . I get asked all the time what scent I 'm wearing when all I have on is this lotion . It 's lightly fragranced , not heavy , covers nicely -LRB- a little goes a long way -RRB- , and is effective all day . I use it immediately after a shower ... I absolutely love it . They 'd better never stop making it .
 I love this lotion . . It last a very long time ... Not greasy at all ... I would recomend to all !!
 This soap takes a bit geting used to , but afterall-becomes quite appreciating . Good cleansing of shin , especially feet , knees and elbows . The ingredients in this bar are my favorites for skin clarity .
 I have to start off by saying that my husband hates the smell of this soap on his body when he uses it , but it has an entirely different scent on my body . He also uses the types of soaps that get oil and grease off your body . Those soaps dry my skin . I was scratching from the dryness and needed a soap that would n't dry my skin so badly.I like the exfoliating feature . It leaves my skin feeling clean . not oily like a lot of moisturizing soaps . I have n't had to scratch at my skin since using it .
 We have sensitive skin in our family . We also hate artificial fragrances . This soap is wonderful and the only soap we use . We keep ourselves stocked up ! They used to sell it at Whole Foods but ca n't always find it there so we get it here for a good price .
 I bought this soap for my wife to replace an oatmeal soap that we had bought some time ago -LRB- and can not find -RRB- . My wife wanted a soap with bigger pieces of oatmeal husk that exfoliate . This soap has sand size pieces which you will feel.The good
 B. Kamins Eye Cream is available both in the handy pump bottle and in a cream . Our preference is for the pump bottle as there 's no scraping around in a small jar for the last bit of precious cream.Whichever your preference , jar or bottle , you 'll find this to be an extremely effective eye cream , going on smoothly with no pulling or tugging . It firms as it diminishes those tiny wrinkles that love to pop up around the eyes.Another plus is the fact that it can be reapplied over makeup without smudging color -LRB- a real boon on long airplane flights ! -RRB- Apply it morning and night after cleansing , and during the day when you feel the need .
 I recently purchased this blush -LRB- in Berry Sorbet -RRB- after reading that it had recevied a good rating in the book the book Do n't Go to the Cosmetics Counter Without Me . I tend to stick to drugstore makeup brands , but my previous blush , NYC , was too sheer and did n't last . So far , I 've been pleased with this product , which has a nice , natural looking color -LRB- I have medium skin -RRB- and lasts well . My only complaint about this blush is that when I run my brush across it -LRB- my own large brush , not the included one , which is much too small -RRB- , a large amount of the product flakes off , making it a bit messy to use . Overall , however , this is definitely a very good blush for the price .
 I love this ! It 's perfect for people with naturally black hair . The powder is a very dark brownish-black with cool -LRB- ash -RRB- undertones . No hints of red or anything like that . If you have medium-brown hair , it 's probably too dark for you , unless you have Brooke Shield eyebrows . -LRB- And if you have Brook Shield eyebrows , you do n't need this product -RRB- . I 'm Asian with darker skin , so if I use a brown eyebrow pencil to fill in my very black -LRB- but sparse -RRB- eyebrows , it looks totally unnatural , and you can see the contrast between my actual black eyebrow hairs and the brown pencil underneath . On the other hand , if I use a black eyebrow pencil , it is way too harsh and looks just as unpolished.This powder is great ! I use Bare Escentuals ' eyebrow brush to apply it . Most of the time I apply it dry , but if I 'm going out at night and want to be a little more dramatic , I 'll hold the brow brush under a bit of running water , tap in into the powder , tap the excess off in the lid , and apply.It 's perfect every time : -RRB-
 All of the bBare Escentuals are great ! They make you look so young and fresh . I am 61 and people say I look 40 ! Even my daugther like it ! She is very hard to please . Great buy and last a Long long time . Thanks !!!!!
 Awesome brow powder . Brunette color is perfect not too dark not too light . Best I 've ever found . Totally recommend this to anyone with sparse eyebrows .
 I 've used Bare Escentuals for years and have always been very pleased with both the products and the results . This brow color is no exception . Goes on beautifully . I highly recommend it .
 It 's so easy to apply and makes my eyebrows look wonderful ! I recommend the bare escentuals eyebrow brush with this .
 I use this product daily and I love it . It works perfectly with the angle brow brush . I have had many compliments on my eyebrows and people are surprised to learn that I have eyebrow color on . A little goes a long way so do n't let the tiny container fool you . It lasts a long time . I live in the South so keeping make up on in the hot humid summers is a challenge , but never a problem with my eyebrows . I highly recommend mineral brow color with an angle brush .
 This is the perfect brow powder and brow color . Most powders look like ` powder ' . This one blends with your skin tones and brows to give a very natural look . Make certain you use with your angled brow brush for the perfect brow shape . I have very dark hair , nearly black ... but this color is perfect . Rarely would anyone need anything darker .
 My wife is very pleased with this product . It matches medium as well as dark auburn hair . You just apply a little more pressure for the darker shades . Make sure you use their brush or another good brush .
 I have used this makeup for years and I must say it is the most natural looking there is on the market .
 covers well , lasts all day , matches many hair shades , looks natural , and one order has lasted me almost a year with only about 1/2 of it used .
 I am a natural blonde , started dying my hair dark brown this past summer and realized i needed to start darkening my eye brows to match which sucks . . so i tried a pencil for awhile but i wasnt happy . I purchased this product and brush to match and I LOVE it ! Goes on so easily and stays all day but doesnt stick like the pencil incase u make a mistake . LOVE this !
 Its quite pale but for blondes its about right . I have the brush that is made for application , do n't use it without one ! OVerall if you 're looking for a natural brow this is the one to use .
 I am brunette and blue-eyed and this is the perfect shade for me . Your eyebrows should be 2 shades lighter than your hair color , or 2 shades darker . This is just enough on the lighter side and even then I lighten the look up with a powder layer .
 This is a great product . Easy on my skin and always holds up well throughout the day . I recommend it for all ladies .
 I really bought this to touch up my roots for my medium brown hair with a blonde weave , if I do not have time for a touch up . It works great for a little root touch up , but this is for your eye brows , and is a small jar.The inside top is plastic with little holes in it , so you do not use too much , and Just incase you should tip it over , it will not spill all over.I love this for my eye brows . You have to use a short stiff natural brisil brush that is cut on a angle . I did not buy the Bare Minerals brush.I bought one at the drug store that was less expensive and it works fine.Touch your brush very gently to get a little powder on your brush , tap it off , then use short lite strokes on your eye brows . Do NOT push it down on your browsI use a different brush after to blend it in.Even though this is a small jar of brow powder it goes a very far way.Try to put this some place so it will not not turn over . Lay it flat in a drawer!The color is more of a medium brown . If my eye brows where very light blonde this would be too dark I think.When I use to use a eye brow pencil , I used a lite blonde color , but this blends in very nice.It also colors over a couple of my gray eye brows !
 I have used this product for several years . I love it . And the best part is it lasts a really long time !
 Love the ease of use , just dip your brow brush and apply . The color selection met my needs , and the powder itself gives coverage that is not too thick .
 I 've been wearing this for a number of years and this is the best eyebrow color I have found so far ! Matches perfectly and looks so natural you ca n't tell that I fill them in .
 Ever see those gals with the obviously painted brow ?? Well they are n't using this product !! The amount of brow powder is substantial considering the tiny container . This color is perfect for those with blonde hair and fair skin . I have used this product consistently through the following shades of blonde
 This is a must have for eyebrows ! This is the perfect shade ; not too light or too dark ! Will always order this !
 Once I tried Bare Minerals Brow Color I knew I 'd never bother with anything else again . Makes filling in and shaping my brows so easily and error-free .
 I have very dark undereye circles , and thus I use concealer in this area on a daily basis . I found that Maybelline 's True Illusion Concealer blended nicely and provided very good coverage , easily minimizing my dark circles with a single application . The sponge-tip applicator makes it easy to control product placement for more precise coverage of things like blemishes as well . My one complaint about this product is that I did n't find it to be `` undetectable '' -- i.e. , it looked like I had put on makeup after using it . However , this may have been because the color was too dark for me rather than a flaw in the product itself , so I would still recommend this item for those requiring substantial coverage .
 Nice intense black mascara . It does dry out pretty fast , so you will only get about 3 months at the most .
 The Maybelline Soft Lining Pencil wash just what I was looking for . Did n't ever think I would find any more .
 I 've been using this product for many years . I have very sensitive glands under the armpit and after trying many deodorants this was IT!It lasts all day , it is always very well tolerated , a small amount is enough -LRB- again for a whole day -RRB- ... it has so many qualities!The price might seem more than average , but on the other hand this is not an average product . Would highly recommend to people with sensitive skin .
 I found this product on a trip to France many years ago and have been using it ever since . It is by far the best deodorant I 've ever used . In the past , I had a severe reaction to high quantities of aluminum chlorohydrate and even the rock crystals -LRB- itchy pits ! -RRB- . This product does the trick without blocking your pores like Bondo . It keeps you dry and has a lovely scent . I 've even turned my boyfriend onto it and he loves the roll-on -LRB- he was n't a big fan of the cream -RRB- . Fortunately , you can now get it on-line , but I am confounded by the fact that it is not available at stores that sell Biotherm products in the US . I also purchased the natural roll-on and am looking forward to giving that a try .
 I 've tried many different poufs . Some are better than others , but I was never satisfied . Most of them start falling apart after a week or two , and if they do n't they are too hard against your skin . This is -LRB- dare I say it ? -RRB- , the perfect pouf . The texture is just right - it will exfoliate , yet it feels soft and nice against your skin -LRB- or mine , at least -RRB- . It has an easy-to-find and easy-to-use finger loop . And they last , like forever ! -LRB- But you should n't use one that long , they say . -RRB- I am just delighted with these poufs !
 I love this product . It 's a bit pricey , but I have been using the same tube for quite a while , because I do n't need very much to produce the desired effect . I use it on my eyelids but itself , or as a base for darker shadow -LRB- it makes shadow stick better -RRB- . I find that it 's subtle enough to add shimmer to my cheeks . Also , it 's quite dramatic on the lips -LRB- when used with chapstick , because the product can be dry -RRB- . I ca n't find it in stores anymore !!
 Neutrogena Shimmer Sheer in Spellbound provides perfect coverage with a great finish . Many cream eyeshadows will crease and rub off . This product stays put and looks absolutely seamless . I would use other colors in the line but I am so hooked on this neutral shade that is perfect for either work or a night out ! The two pack pricing is great too . I saved money and time since I have been having trouble finding this at local retailers .
 It seems everytime I like something and it is a good product it is toped being made . I like the eyeliner in the slate grey and looks the best on me , For months I have been trying to find it and stumbled across it on Amazon dot . come . i got 4 tubes for the price of one . I am very pleased!Linda R.
 Perfect color , a very dark gray , just what I wanted , not sure if it was the suntan lotion on my face , but it was n't as waterproof as I was hoping !
 this is the best liquid eyeliner in the world ... by far ... stays on all dayi have proven many brands and always come back to this one
 I am so upset that Maybelline discontinued this eye liner so I was very excited to find it on line . I ordered 2 and received them in the mail very quickly . I hope I can still continue to find it later when these run out . Thank you .
 I love this color and product altogether . It really is waterproof . Wish it were easier to find ! Have to order online but it is well worth it .
 Found my favorite gray eyeliner that had been discontinued at a terrific price ! I ordered two -LRB- should 've ordered more -RRB- and they were on my doorstep in a couple of days ! I will definitely order from them again !!!
 I used to use this lip gloss for over 3 years and fell in love with it !! I mean I really fell in love with it ! But when I went in to buy it one day I could n't find it anywhere.So I went to every store that could possibly carry this gloss and did not find it anywhere.So I called Maybelline company and asked about it , they told me they had discontinued it ! I was so sad because this was the ONLY gloss out hundreds of glosses that I had bought that I really loved !! They tried to find a replacement for it . But I could not find one that fit the exact gloss I had liked for years !!! So I am thankful now that I found this one on Amazon.Please do n't stop selling this on here since its the only place I found it in .
 I have been using this color lip gloss for many years . However , lately I have not been able to find this shade in any of the stores . I am so glad that I found it on Amazon . I will be ordering more .
 The color is okay , the shine is excellent and its not sticky . Not much to say about it but I like it
 I love philosophy products , and this is likely one of my favorites . Philosophy offers WONDERFUL smelling high quality body washes that make a great gift . They are a great gift for those girl-friends who are impossible to shop for .
 I absolutely adore the scent of this product ! I only use it as a body wash , generally at the end of a long day of work and time at the gym , and it instantly relaxes me , making me think of sitting in front of a fire with a big mug of cider ! It does not smell fake at all - I have a habit of going through and sniffing these body washes when I 'm at a department store , and some of them do not quite smell perfect , but this one is right on ! I would highly recommend for fall and winter to get you in a seasonal spirit
 This product smells amazing , but at least for me it definitely needs to be paired with a really good conditioner or deep conditioning treatment , because it dries my hair out noticeably . I still recommend it even just as a bodywash , because it lasts forever and fills your shower with apples and cinnamon - even my husband adores it .
 This product actually works . No more itchy , flaky scalp . I 've only used the shampoo but if the other products work as well , I would be very impressed . Thanks for producing a product that actually lives up to it 's advertisement .
 This shampoo is fantastic . I have struggled with sebhorric dermatitis for years and whatever worked would only work for a short period of time and then I would have to find something new . Numerous visits to the dermatologist with the same results . To make matters worse as I got older and needed to dye my hair all the dandruff shampoos stripped the color . Dermazinc cleared my scalp completely , I have been using it for a year and it still works great ! My hairdresser took the name of it to recommend to other clients as she could n't believe the difference and it does n't effect my hair color at all . Could n't be happier with the product .
 Ive been using this along with the Dermazinc Face cream and it works like nothing else . Had a hard time controlling my dermatitis , so i decided to give this stuff a shot . Works great . May take a few days to acclimate to -LRB- with face cream and shampoo , had minor raise is itchiness , but after a few days , it went away and my face cleared up and stayed clear along with my scalp . I attributed the itchyness to my skin finally healing . I even use the shampoo on my facial hair and it works great there also . So if ya have tried everything else out there , try this . It works !!
 I tried others but this worked for me the best but everyone is different so just try it for a month .
 Ordered this for my Dad , it 's actually cheaper to buy through Amazon than through the manufacturing company in Maine . What 's up with that ? This stuff works great if you have severe dandruff . Dad 's been using it for years .
 i bought this mascara because i was tired of looking like a racoon when i went to pool parties . it has definately helped and will work if you dont rub your eyes underwater . it still drips a little in the pool , but not much . i have extremely long curly lashes and this made them appear very thick as well , which i liked . it clumps a bit at first , but after a week or so , it calms down . its a good buy for the price .
 I 've been using this mascara for a few years now and will not use anything else . It lasts the whole day without smudging or flaking even in the summer time when it 's hot and humid . My lashes are long but they are not curly so I have to curl them using an eyelash curler . In comparison to other mascaras I 've used -LRB- even expensive brands -RRB- , this product helps maintain the curl the best . It will smudge a bit and uncurl with water but you can trust that you will not have raccoon eyes . I always get complimented on my lashes , and this product is the reason why . I do n't know what I would do if they ever discontinue this product . BTW , I 'm a fan of the VolumExpress Classic only , not the other products in the VolumExpress line like VolumExpress Falsies . I 've tried the Falsies and they flake and smudge a lot !
 Maybelline Volum ' Express Mascara is so much better than Great Lash . It goes on evenly and lengthens without clumping.I always use my mascara long past the three month suggested shelf life and it does n't get dried out very quickly . -LRB- However using mascara after six months puts the user at a risk of infection , so be warned . -RRB- And it really is waterproof . You 'll need a reliable mascara remover if you want it to come off your lashes . I 've sat through tear-jerkers wearing Volum ' Express and come out without a smudge -LRB- much less racoon eyes ! -RRB-
 I was so discouraged by the last Maybelline Mascara that I was unsure I was going to find one I liked besides the Falsies mascara . The first thing that drew me in on this was that it was waterproof , and volume . I have really thin-point-straight-down lashes , so I know I should stay away from really wet mascaras and go for volume and waterproof since they have a more `` waxy '' build . Though , this does stay wet enough to build and build to get a look I have been trying for , without massive clumping or turning my eyes into a solid mass . The second thing I was excited to see is that it came in brownish black . It is so difficult to find a mascara that is waterproof and brownish black . Usually the only waterproof one is Very Black . It looks just a touch less harsh with my skin and eyes -LRB- I have fair skin and dark brown hair -RRB- , a little more natural.All in all I love this . It holds my curl and the brush is super nice and not too big.I would recommend this to anyone with thin lashes like me .
 I have been using this mascara for years . For some reason , I keep trying other brands , but I always come back to this one . This brand seems to hold lashes in place after curling , rather than weigh them down , which is something that I ca n't find in any other brand / formula.My only complaint with this product is that it is nearly impossible to get off at the end of the day . I have to use a specific brand -LRB- Mary Kay -RRB- of eye makeup remover , and it is the ONLY thing that will get this stuff off my lashes . Otherwise I have to literally pull the makeup off with my fingertips , which is n't pleasant.I highly recommend this formula .
 Truly a classic mascara , no frills no gimmicks . Just a great mascara that gives volume and length without clumps or mess . Stays all day without flaking and is truly waterproof . Works great , love it : -RRB-
 Love this mascara . I got it for my wedding day and it did n't run at all , and it was extremely hot too ! I 'm going to go out and buy it in non-waterproof .
 i got it on the day it said it would be here it works really good makes my lashes super long . I 've gotten compliments on the length of my lashes
 the only mascara that is better than this one is colossal , glam black , from maybeline too ... i love it so mich. . .
 Hi!let me just get to the point this is the best mascara I have tried I am really really picky when it comes to my eyelashes I have long eyelashes and many mascaras make my lashes droop down . . this one actually kept my eyelashes up and it brought out the best of them . . it also did n't clump like most do .
 does n't run or fade or chip , so it gets 5 stars from me ! :D altho its a pain to wash off .
 I 've got very sensitive skin and have had trouble finding a skin care line that 's not tested on animals , fairly traded , high quality , and affordable , all while caring for my delicate , fair complexion . The Body Shop has delivered with this line . I love , love , love this exfoliator . I use it twice a week along with the gentle cleanser , toner , night cream , and day cream with SPF .
 I soooo wish this was n't so hard to get !!! I love it and have used it for years until it went off the market . Why do all all good things have to come to an end ?
 As a professional sharpener , I have sharpened just about every brand and style of shear . The thing that impresses me about the Kretzer cobalt shear is the overall workmanship and quality treatment of the steel . The temper allows these shears to hold a razor-sharp edge for a long time -LRB- Almost double my molybdenum shears -RRB- . The shears are very light weight and perfectly balanced . The `` set '' in the blades is comparable to the high-end Japanese shears , and the bearing pivot is ultra smooth and maintains constant tension even when the blades are fully apart . The shears come equipped with a single pair of finger rings that will comfortably accomodate all but the smallest of fingers -LRB- Size 5 and smaller -RRB- . The finger rest is threaded and removable par taste . The only area that could benefit from a little more attention is a finer polish on the ride . Quality/Price point make this an outstanding value and a definite best buy and certain to satisfy every skill level need for a 5 '' shear .
 These are great barber shears . They are extremely sharp and cut well . The handles are comfortable and the shears are easy to use . I 've had other brands over the years and these are the best I 've found . -LRB- I am not a professional -- I use them at home -RRB- >
 bought these scissors for my girlfriend , she is a hair stylist , and wanted something better , this is her favorite tool since it cuts with precision , very high quality , professionals I highly recommend .
 My 11 year-old daughter had to have this for Christmas . The device itself is easy enough for her to operate on her own , but the gems themselves are easily damaged , lost , etc. so the handful that come with the original device are not enough . My daughter loves them though and - unlike so many other things I 've bought for her - it works as advertised for the most part , so I consider it a good buy . I would n't pay any more - but its worth the price .
 I am looking for as many as you have of this color Silver Lilac in the expert eyes . So if you have them price them resonable and i will buy just email me at forlorn_engine@hotmail.com I will continue to look for other sources for this product .
 Since I am not a scientist I ca n't be 100 % on how good this stuff is . I use it at work in a heated ultra sonic cleaner as a pre-clean for dry heat sterilization .
 I 've been using this product for many years , but lately it was getting harder to find . None of the stores ever had it in stock . Glad to find it on Amazon.com
 I love Loreal products , the Waterproof mascara is true to its ' word . It 's a must have in the summer , I can sweat in my work-outs and not look like a raccon in the aftermath .
 I bought this because I have thin but long lashes and I need a mascara that can hold my lashes without drooping them . I recommend this mascara for people who have thin lashes .
 I ca n't be without this product , especially since I do Bikram yoga and would like to avoid looking like Alex Cooper after my practice ! I 'm fair with light lashes and choose not to leave the house without my mascara . This does the trick to make your eyes POP . If you are looking for long lashes and full lashes add a coat of a lengthening mascara before adding this and viola ' !! Great product for the $ .
 I have short and fine lashes . It 's hard to curl them or make them even noticeable , but this mascara has been working for me
 I got this mascara and I 'm in love with it !!! I already have long lashes but this mascara makes them look longer and beautiful.I am so happy I purchased this it is wonderful my momeven wears it !!
 So far L'Oreal Paris Voluminous Mascara is the best I 've found as far as lengthening my lashes and making them appear thicker . I keep an eye out for better products but return to this in disappointment . The waterproof is pretty tough to remove though , so use a make-up remover designed for taking waterproof make-up off or vasaline .
 This is another must have product . It helps a lot when you want the `` celebrities ' look '' .
 It is getting pretty hard for me to find what I consider a good mascara . I 'm pretty picky . I do n't want the formula to be thick and gooey , and I ca n't stand the new-fangled rubber bristled brushes . Previously , I was loyal to Max Factor 's 2000 Calorie mascara but they 've pulled that out of brick and mortar stores and now its only available online ... with a new formula that sucks . This was my replacement.Voluminous spreads easily along my lashes and does n't clump . Its not gooey and thick , it goes on smoothly and I can layer it as I need to if I want my lashes to be a little more thick . It has the nice , old style traditional brush that separates my lashes and prevents them from looking like a clumped plastic mess . Its waterproof but still easily removed at the end of the day with a little eye makeup remover.I can not say that I 've had the smudging problems others have mentioned . I give the mascara proper time to set and I do n't have a problem at all . I 've worn this mascara at the pool and at a water park without a problem . On both occasions , a minor touch up with my compact took care of any smudges and most of those were from my eyeliner.Its not perfect , but its still better than quite a lot of other mascaras on the market currently . I 'll continue to stick with it .
 Weirdos . I think what happened was they bought it online and it was old . I 've been reading a lot of reviews on mascara on amazon and it seems like that 's the case usually . Seller sells the old mascara ! So just buy at the nearest supermarket , that 's all . Usually cheaper there anyway . Also , u can easily return the item when u do n't like it . : -RRB- So I did google search ... what 's the best waterproof mascara . This was the top # 3 . The top # 1 and 2 were too expensive lol.Also , when I youtubed wedding makeup and other makeup tutorial , many of them recommended l'oreal voluminous -LRB- waterproof -RRB- mascara . So I think that says a lot.Anyway I got this at HEB last night for less than $ 6 and I tried this on today and worked out at the gym.No smudging , no raccoon eyes -LRB- seriously , I think those people who wrote the negative reviews wore different mascara lol -RRB- and comfortable , no irritation!What I like about this mascara is it does not come off heavy , keeps my lashes curled up , soft and pretty ! I 'm going to use it for my wedding ceremony this Saturday !!!
 I love this mascara ! As a swimmer and lifeguard , this was the best truly waterproof mascara I found . It can be a little difficult to take off at night , but most eye make up removers will get the job done . It takes a little patience -LRB- the first few applications are a bit `` wet '' and can give you spidery looking lashes -RRB- but after a week or so , its perfect . I 've been using it for over ten years now and have yet to find anything better .
 Not sure why this mascara does not have better reviews - I have only had positive experiences with this mascara and keep going back to it after trying much more expensive brands.Price : - Cheaper to get it at Target than Amazon , often goes on sale for under $ 6.00 Best Voluminous formula : - Get this waterproof version of L'Oreal Voluminous . I 've tried Voluminous in waterproof , regular and carbon black versions - they all smear except for the waterproof . Carbon Black is the WORST at smearing and flaking , it 's really terrible.Results : - Never have any problems flakey or smearing-Difficult to get off with regular face wash , you need to have eye make up remover-Hold the curl from an eyelash curler very well-Does not look fake , just enhances look of natural lashes-No clumping problems -LRB- make sure when you take the wand out of the tube you wipe the edges off on the top of the tube to get the excess off so you do n't have clumping , then when you put the wand back in the tube that excess goes back in the container so you do n't waste any product -RRB-
 For the money , this is my preferred mascara . The color is a true black/brown which is desirable for older , or a more natural eyelash coloring , than the harsh black many wear . I always use the waterproof to last through my long days , even on through my evenings , still looking good . I easily clean off residue after shower w/cocoa butter and I do n't notice any flaking during the day , so I consider it a pretty much maintenance free product . The brush separates my lashes very well and I 'm pleased to not be paying something like $ 25 . for a mascara I need everyday . .
 THe product was great , not only was a really big size it was at a really low price .
 I was glad to receive a gift certificate for the Holidays that allowed me to try this particular brand of Crave . . I must say I really appreciate the `` fragrance of the cologne '' and I love the affordable price as well . . ; ^ -RRB-
 Decent cologne . I have since moved on to bigger and better colognes with my favorite and thousands of other 's favorite - Jean Paul Gaultier . However , this has a good standard scent that you ca n't go wrong with . It does n't last as long as some of the more expensive colognes though . In my experience after using about 10 different cologne types/brands , you actually do get what you pay for . If you are wondering why the top ranked colognes every year are usually the most expensive , there is a reason for that . I would rank this cologne in the middle to lower-middle tier . Far better than some of the cheaper colognes but nothing compared to the higher tiers .
 This cologne was great for my little brother when he was in middle school and was new to cologne . If you do n't typically wear cologne , this might be for you . However as taste in cologne develops , this begins to smell as plain as soap . Again this is certainly `` good smelling '' but it does n't have the uniqueness that makes a cologne special and worth the money . So if you want something to smell like this and even last longer , go to CVS and get Bod or Axe . After a while of using this though , you will want a more unique and tasteful fragrance .
 I ordered one 6.8 oz bottle . Instead , I received two 4.2 oz bottles . I was fine with it . I was able to give two gifts for the price of one .
 i love this cologne is one of my favorite colognes out there for men.it is soft and so sexy .
 I bought this item for my brother . It is his favorite parfume . He told me that it is not to strong and that women like it .
 I 'm very conservative about fragrances and consider a single fragrance for winter and another for summer a personal and unique signature for anyone . Fahrenheit by Christian Dior and Cool Water by Davidoff were always my favorites and I refused to even try any other brand until I smelled this extraordinarily magic scent.Curve cologne for men became an obcession to me and every time I wear it I feel the freshness , the masculanity and the exotic sweet secret of this fragrance.Thumb up to Liz Claiborne for making this very special scent available .
 I think it has to be liz cliabornes greatest cologne . It is not overpowering , and has a great manly smell that is also very sexy.I always get compliments when I go out and wear it ! The only con is that the Smell does not last all day long , but except that , it is a GOOD cologne with a hint of citrus that always attracts the ladies !
 My husband Loves this product and for some reason has not been able to purchase it that easy in the store . He was always able to get it at TJ Max and Marshall 's . Feeling his frustration I went on line to Amazon and there it was , so I purchased 2 large one 's so he could have it in two of our locations and not run out for awhile . He just loves the scent and many will comment on it which boosts his ego . Ordering from Amazon makes my life a bit easier !
 This is one of the best colognes for daytime use . I always get compliments from female co-workers .
 No other quality cologne is available at 6.8 oz for $ 25 -LRB- Approx -RRB- . Best value for the money .
 I bought two of these for my sons . They love it . I actually love the smell . Not overpowering and it is a nice size bottle . I spent under 50.00 for two bottles . But the smell is very nice . I would purchase this again .
 Every time i wear this cologne i get women asking me &#34; is that curve ? &#34; or &#34; ohh i love that smell come closer ! &#34;
 one of the best men 's fragrances out there . Its not overpowering , and a pleasant smell especially on my guy ! LOVE IT
 Smells great !!!! when he smells good the whole houses smells good that is great . good value last a long time .
 This is the only cologn my boyfriend will wear and he wears it every day . He used to wear Boss and 212 , but his signature scent is Curve . It 's strong in the sense that it lasts all day without using a lot , but it 's not overpowering . I love the fact that it comes in such a big bottle as well ! Great size , great price !!
 If you wan na be unique this definitely is n't for you . I personally like wearing popular brands because people spot it and spark conversation but not everyone does . I tried some of this from a friends bottle and loved it . I have been wearing it as an everyday fragrance for about half a year now . I am starting to get bored with it . The only problem with it is to me it has an alcohol smell in the background that just sticks to my nose and blocks out all the pleasant notes . Like I said if you want to be original do n't buy this because everyone and his brother wears this but if you just want to smell darn good -LRB- many compliments from the ladies -RRB- then get it .
 My boyfriend absolutely LOVES this cologne . The price was fantastic for such a big bottle . I will only buy this on amazon . Wonderful !
 This is a great product for the price . I 've had numerous compliments over the past 5 years since I 've been wearing this cologne . Its one of my favorites .
 This cologne would be nice and not that strong of a smell . It would not bother your sence of smell its just right not too strong nor soft .
 this is the first time i have used this perfume and it is very nice . the first time i put it on and went to the living room , my sister said that i smelled very good . the perfume is excellent and the price was very good . it also got deliverd on time . 5/5
 One of my favorite colognes . Personally I think its better for someone who is younger . Not to intense , and a slight hint of musk . It lasts for a very long time , so a few sprays in the morning and he 's good all day . The big bottle will last a long time and its defanitely worth it to buy the bigger spray bottle .
 I started wearing Curve in 1997 . It 's odd ; I actually do n't like the smell that much , but kept wearing it because I 've received so many compliments from girls over the years . I use it for daily office wear but stopped using it for nightlife about 7 years ago.One negative is that a lot of guys seem to own it . One positive is that it can be found very cheap these days .
 The fragrance itself is wonderful . I purchased this based on reviews . My husband actually likes it . Most importantly I enjoy this fragrance on him.The shipping was very fast however , I used Amazon Prime and they sent me a used product . The tin it came in was all banged up , the cap was missing and there was some product missing . I opted to keep the product as it was a Valentine 's gift . I would have not got a replacement in time . Amazon gave me the shipping costs back plus a few dollars off the product.The product is still functional and smells great .
 I found this cologne a while back and recently ran out , i decided to shop around for a good price and even thought about changing colognes . But then i searched amazon and found that they had a very large bottle about 10 times the size of the old one i had and for only 10 dollars more , so i bought it , it came in the mail sooner than i expected and in perfect shape in a nice gold/bronze colored tin and it smells amazing of course and i have already received numerous compliments .
 I have been using Curve for the past 10 years now and this was the first time I was able to get a good amount of cologne for a great price . I ordered the product and in about a week I got it in the mail . I will be buying again .
 Plain and simple , smells great , fast shipping , and since its a 6.8 oz it should last a while
 GREAT PRODUCT AND RECEIVED IT VERY FAST FROM AMAZON . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO EVERYONE .
 My wife bought me this cologne many years ago and I loved it , the only problem is she got a small 2.5 ounce bottle of it and it was about $ 15 - $ 20 . When I saw this bottle on Amazon at the price of just over $ 25 I was floored . I ordered it almost a year ago to date and I use it once or twice a week . Its a great product and the price on it is unbelievable compared to local stores pricing of smaller bottles .
 this is my favorite cologne . i get compliments all the time . i wear it everywhere and people would ask what im wearing . and you can not go wrong with a 6.8 oz bottle . i highly recommend !
 This is one of my favorites colognes because it leaves a lasting impression on whomever comes across it . Although its recommended for the summer seasons , this product can be worn any day of the year . I can never get tired of all the compliments I get from this product on a daily basis . It is amazing and I recommended it to anyone who would like to make that first impression on someone or just wants to stand out and have all noses on you . Truly a great product !
 This is a very good fragrance and the price at amazon.com in unbeatable . The 6.8 oz bottle is huge and is going to last long long time . Very smooth and pleasant perfume .
 Huge bottle for cheap and smells really good for the price ... been one of my favs since I was in middle school !!
 Quality hair brush at a good price . I like that the bristles are n't too prickly on my scalp and it is comfortable to hold .
 There 's something true about tourmaline , my hair is always shiny and managable whenever I use this type of brush .
 I love the weight and feel of this brush every morning again and again . This is one of the best brushes I have ever bought for myself .
 Definitely a great roll-brush . It does not tangle up hair , wet or dry . Does what you probably expect it to do , and does that well . Useful with handheld blow-dryer . Received in timely manner , in brand new condition , no surprises with shipping or related .
 Pretty good product , good quality , it does help a lot while drying the hair , specially if you like the brushing style or just want your hair to stay together . If you use a very hot hair dryer I do n't recommend using to close to the brush because the `` central '' part does heat fast .
 My hair is thin and straight but I have A LOT of it . This brush really does what the other posters claim
 Bought this brush while on holidays in the states as i forgot to bring one , I didnt immediately notice much as professional hairdryer didnt match the states voltage but when i got home WOW ! when used with a hairdryer its amasing , i have literally had dozens of people commenting on the shine of my hair , I have lost it somewhere and i can see that my hair is not as shiny anymore so i am on the internet to buy another ! I have fine frizz prone/curly/wavy hair , and with a hairdryer you will have silky shiney hair with no need for straighten irons : -RRB- if you dont , you dont have a decent hairdryer or your not drying it right : -RRB-
 Large means LARGE ... it may be too large for most people . I would recommend the medium -LRB- or smaller -RRB- one . This is a quality brush and it does a great job . I also own the smaller model and like it better . I highly recommend this brand and model , just not the size .
 I have medium length fine hair - and my hair stylist recommended this brush for blow outs at home . Maybe I do n't know how to use it , but it gets tangled every time . I give up in frustration and just do my bangs .
 Love Conair , never had any problems.New design and material -LRB- s -RRB- make -LRB- s -RRB- this brush heavy and rather uncomfortable on the wrist , especially if you have long or thick hair or just with prolong use . And because of its `` in between '' bristles , this makes brushing thick -LRB- straight -RRB- harder since there is less contact with the plastic bristles so you have to dry smaller sections at a time.Other than that , love the fact that it matches my dryer and does the job but expect to use it when you 've got extra time to rest in between brush strokes and work with smaller sections of hair ...
 I know people write reviews saying -LRB- The BEST THING EVER !! -RRB- ... BUT PLEASE TRUST ME ON THIS ONE . It IS the best brush I have ever used ! I blow dry my hair at least twice a week -LRB- for about 10 years now -RRB- and I had never tried one that really works like this one . I have wavy hair and I like to style it straight but with a little bit of volume in the ends . I am no expert in styling , so most of the brushes I have used would leave my ends looking like a broom ... With this Conair Tourmaline Brush -LRB- Large -RRB- , I do n't have that problem . My hair looks salon style . It 's really easy to manage and it really does make hair shinier.I believe the brush does all the work , because I blow dry my hair with an old `` pharmacy bought '' blow dryer and it still makes my hair look great.I did n't just buy this one out of the blue . A friend owns it and I would constantly ask her to lend it to me . It was love at first sight ! That 's why I decided to buy my own .
 I live in fla. and between the rain and the heat and humidity my hair is really frizzy , but I blow dry my hair with this brush and my hair is wonderful i want to buy a round brush next I love it
 Got this brush was because I was having horrible static problems - though from looking at it I was terrified that being a born tangler it would get get stuck and never come out -LRB- seriously , when I was a teenager my dad once had to use pliers to pull all of the bristles out of a brush that I got stuck in my matted hair -RRB- , but I just had to try because the static was making me crazy , and now I am SO glad that I did.Having always had curly , insanely easy to tangle hair , it has pretty much been a daily torture for me to deal with it - half a bottle of conditioner -LRB- chosen after trying hundreds of brands over the years -RRB- to comb through the tangles every morning , then spend the day terrified of the slightest breeze , and not daring to rest my head against anything for fear of the mats that will develop , then grit my teeth brushing it out and carefully tying it up before going to bed - no matter how tired , this was a must , and no matter how late I might be running in the morning , washing and combing through with conditioner every morning was also imperative to stay a step ahead of my hair felting into one solid dread-lock . Then along came this brush and oh my gosh - a drop of conditioner and this brush glides through my hair like a warm knife through butter - not one hair broken or torn out - seriously , with this brush , in a week I am not losing half as much hair as I used to rip out every day of my life ! Previously I would have described my hair as THIN , curly and easy to tangle , but now I 'm not so sure if I really do have thin hair - it just might be that I have perfectly normal thickness that I was pulling out whilst detangling - I can hardly wait to see how thick my hair is a year from now - dare I hope that I will be able to choose my haircut for style rather than how well I can get it to cover my scalp ?! Yes , it will still get caught in a tangle or two when my hair is dry , but without a doubt it gets through them 20 times faster , and with much less broken hair than my standard brush , so I am still racking up the extra hair wet and dry : - -RRB- Oh , and as for the static - not perfect , but I 'd say 60 or 70 percent improvement as long as I use it with my blow dryer - it does nothing for static if I air dry and use it for regular brushing.Overall this might be the best under 10 buck purchase I have made in my entire life !!
 I have thick , long hair and this is one of the few round brushes that does n't get tangled in my hair . Have purchased 3 of them from Amazon -LRB- different sizes -RRB- and love them all .
 This really works well to smooth out my puffy hair . But i got it for 6dollars .
 This brush is perfect for my use . I wanted something to put a slight curl on the end of my hair . This brush does so and seems to prevent frizz . Also , the tips have the little plastic balls on the ends so that this brush does not hurt when you brush it against your scalp . I really like this brush and would buy again . It 's just under 3 &#34; in diameter from brush tip to brush tip . The center is 1.5 inches in diameter .
 This mascara makes my eyelashes look really long and beautiful . Because it 's waterproof , it stays on in the rain but still comes off easily with face cream .
 I absolutely LOVE this mascara ! I have been using it for 5 years straight now and it has never let me down . I tend to favor prestige brands when it comes to the rest of my makeup -LRB- e.g. Smashbox , Bare Minerals , Lorac , etc -RRB- but I find that nothing else can compare with this mascara -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- . I have cried many , many times with this mascara on and it never smudges or runs down my face . Yes , it may run if you shower or hit the waves with it on but who needs to wear mascara in the shower/at the beach anyway ? Just make sure to let it dry for a few seconds before blinking after application.I use it with an eyelash curler and it makes my eyelashes look so much thicker so much that sometimes in photos my eyelashes look fake because they are so full and voluminous . This will always be my favorite mascara ! I definitely recommend it .
 I really like this product . I used to use Lancome . . and I find this to be on par with it but alot less expensive.I like the thickening properties of this brand and even tho I wear contacts I have had no issues with it . Some thickening products tend to flake during wear and become an issue with lens wearers ... I have not had that happen at all.As with most thickening mascaras this tends to be a dryer product ... That is both good and bad . It will set up faster but tends to dry out in the tube more rapidly . You also need to watch for too much clumping with the lashes . This product will clump up ... Not anymore than other similar products though . If you make sure to un-clump your lashes while they are still wet , it will work out fine . Once dry , they are pretty much set.I find this very reasonable to get off . It works easiest with a make up remover but you could use soap if push came to shove . I do n't find soap to work the best and there will be some clean-up under eye if you use it.I like the way this wears very much . I do n't find it to fake during wear or to leave * racoon eyes * either . this is an excellent and very reasonably priced -LRB- especially when gotten on sale -RRB- product .
 I like the L'Oreal Petite Auto Lip Liners , but I should have paid more attention to the photo . When I read `` roses and mauves , '' I thought it would be paler . It 's a lovely shade , just more like the photo than I expected .
 works great , I always have a hard time tanning my legs but this stuff is really good . !!
 i just tryed this after i got out of the shower , when my skin is usually really dry and tight , and put this on with a cotton ball , it did calm my skin . it acts like a lightweight moisturizer and feels like water when you put it on , it 's really refreshing .
 This toner accompanied the Aloe Cleanser I bought . I really liked it because it did n't have that drying taught feeling . Just left my skin feeling fresh .
 I purchased this product some time ago and I wanted to buy it again because I lost the little molds that came with the kit that helps you shape your brows . To my dismay , the store I bought it from went out of business . You ca n't even imagine how excited I was to find it being sold at my favorite online connection , Amazon . I get endless compliments on the shape of my eyebrows thanks to Christian Eyebrow Makeup Kit . If you have sensitive skin as I do and are not able to have your eyebrows waxed , then take the time to do them yourself and come out looking as if you just had your eyebrows professionally done .
 I 've used this product since 1997 when I visited Puerto Rico . It was n't readily available around my area , I like it so much that I would have family bring it over when they visited . I have medium/dark brown hair , and the Irid Brown matches perfectly . Does n't rub off easily . . I actually go swimming with it and it stays on . This is the best eyebrow makeup out there . Great quality ! I 've recommended this product to more than a handfull of friends and they also swear by it .
 I have used this product for many years and now it 's not sold at any of my local stores . Having found it on Amazon was a huge relief . That 's how much I love this product . I 'm sure the other colors work just as well . Highly recommended !
 My eyebrows are PERFECT everyday , all day long !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am so in LOVE with this product -LRB- and the PRICE -RRB- ... the only cosmetic I have in my makeup bag that I would NOT trade for anything else.I have the `` black '' , and I barely need to use ANY of it -LRB- one tap , and I can do both eyebrows -RRB- . . I swear this thing is going to last me forever!I can wear it for 12 + hours , go to the mirror , and my brows will still look like they did when I first put it on . You ca n't tell the makeup is there either , I extend the brown and give it a stronger/higher arch ... and it blends so well with the hair that it looks like its my real/natural eyebrow.I kinda have to scrub for it to come off with soap ... which is great for me because I do n't want it to come off easily or rub off on peoples clothes.The only CON ... . I wish the stencils were different -LRB- there are 3 of them - thin , medium , and thick . . but all the same shape -RRB-
 This is a great product . I use the brown & the taupe to go with whatever shade of red my hair happens to be . -LRB- LOL -RRB- I found this product through Beauty Trends , but it is less expensive here . I had a friend ask me what I did to get my eyebrows so perfect . I told her & she 's the one who found it here for a more economical price . So that 's 2 happy customers .
 I used this product years ago and then the beauty supply store stopped seling it . I 've always had issues with my eyebrows and finally broke down and looked for it on-line . Now my eyebrows have the perfect shape -LRB- I have no natural shape to mine which are very thin -RRB- and it stays on all day . Definitely recommend this eyebrow kit !!
 This is truely the best thing that has ever happend to eyebrows !!!!!!!! If i could only have one peice of make up with me this would be it !!!!!!
 Absolutely love this product ! ! ! ! ! I had a problem with one of my eyebrows , I went through alopecia due to medications and and part of my eyebrow hair fell out and for the past year I have been using a pencil and it looks ridiculous . WIth this , it looks so much more realistic , Love it , buying more soon ! ! !
 Great for achieving a manicured brow look ! Just be careful you do n't go too dark .
 It works great and it was n't expensive ! Just what I needed ! I recommend it to anyone who wants to use a product like this .
 This eyebrow kit is perfect . The stencils are gorgeous and the brow powder is semi permanent which is always a plus . Definitely recommend this eyebrow kit .
 Easy , breezy arched brows ! Quick to use makes brows look great . would purchase again . comes with stencils shadow & brush
 I am not usually one to review anything , but this eyebrow kit is the best method I have tried to fill in my thinning brows . A few years back , an overzealous waxing job left the inner part of my eyebrows bald , and since then have never grown in ; the rest of my brow is thinning as I age . This kit with its stencils is such an easy step in my makeup and having well defined brows makes me look younger and better . The powder is exactly the right texture , there are enough stencils that I am able to use the thin version of the stencil and still not look like I have drawn anything in . The powder does n't smudge like some that I have tried , and it stays on all day . No one can tell that I have virtually no brows to speak of , they look so natural when I finish off by using a spooly afterwards . The irid brown is exactly the right colour for my hair and overall tone -LRB- I am brunette -RRB- . The spa that I bought this originally quit selling it , and I tried their replacement , have tried many other brow powders , pencils , etc. , and I just had to find this one again . LOVE it !
 I have used this product for about 2 years , and find it to be the best brow make-up I have ever used . It does not smudge and the shapers are fantastic .
 These are pretty tricky to use . I used to have super thick brows and then after waxing and addictive tweezing , they have become really thin and sparce . I wanted to fill them to give more of a natural look . The stencils were easy to use but my brows fell somewhere between thin and natural . The eye brow shading itself is great . I use a couple brushes in the morning without the stencils to fill in my thin brows and it looks much more natural than other brow pencils I have used . Overall a good product , but definitely takes some practice !
 Love this stuff ! The product quality is great and it comes with stencils to help shape eyebrows or make what eyebrows could be like . I have black hair and got the darkest option , pretty good - but still could have been ever darker to match my brows .
 I do n't go out without using this wonderfull guide for a perfect eyebrow . I have fair skin & the tan shade fits perfect . I will buy it again and again .
 At the recommendation of my sister/hairdresser , she claims a 100 percent boar bristle brush , preferably Mason Pearson , will improve the quality and texture of my hair , as well as the health of my scalp . I get occasional scalp irritation due to drastic weather fluctuations and was complaining about itchy , dry , flaky scalp . She advised me to spend the money already , this brand is well-known and highly reputable for its quality and longevity . Although I have shoulder-length hair , it 's chemically straightened , thanks to the Brazilian straight perm , but thinning , probably due to middle age and utter abuse . I never brush my hair except to blow it dry occasionally . I 've noticed that it has thinned and now with this itchy scalp malady I 'll go to any extreme to preserve my crowning glory . I 've made so many cracks about men finally learning about suffering upon balding , so this condition simply will not do . I will brush my hair nightly , and hope to avoid the Friar Tuck hair-do 's I 'm constantly subjected to , wish me luck . I got the B3 ruby handle , B3 meaning not sensitive , so the bristles are very , very firm and can easily penetrate my hair . The handle is darkish , slightly mahogany in appearance but feels pretty cheap plastic for the price . I 'd rather have a wooden haddle but this is probably as much as I can justify blowing on a hairbrush . I hope it lasts 20 years .
 My hair is to my tailbone , and requires special care to prevent dryness and breakage . This is the only shampoo I 've found that allows me to wash the roots daily without drying out the ends . It leaves my naturally wavy hair silky and without frizz . The matching conditioner is excellent also - no alcohol !
 This is an excellent blowdryer . I was so happy to have found it on Amazon . It works perfectly and was a lifesaver for me during my trip to Europe .
 I bought this hair dryer for a recent trip to Europe since I did n't want to depend on whatever the hotel would provide -LRB- usually small and weak -RRB- . I 'm so glad I bought it !! The hair dryer is amazingly powerful . I almost worried the power would go out in our old boutique hotel , but there were n't any problems . I have long , wavy hair and it typically takes me 30 mins to blow dry it straight . I was done in 15 minutes with this hair dryer!I highly recommend this hair dryer for traveling around European countries with 220V . The only thing I did n't love is that it 's a bit heavy for the suitcase , but it was completely worth taking that extra pair of shoes out of my suitcase.Again , excellent hair dryer . One of the best I 've ever used -LRB- and I 've purchased many hair dryers -RRB- .
 Wonderful and it is the best ... . people wanted to take it from me . . =-RRB- It is worth the money ...
 I bought this for my Daughter in law as a Christmas present . My Son and his family live in Italy . She was complaining about the converters not allowing her hair dryer to blow very well . She reported back to me that she loves her new hair dryer and loves doing her hair now that she has some power .
 I took this with me to Madrid . . It worked perfect , my hair looked great the entire trip ! I have coarse hair that requires high heat for drying and this blow dryer is great . I liked it so much I bought the US version and use it daily ! Ca n't wait to go to Europe with it next time , it will be great !
 Used this dryer ALL over Europe -LRB- France , Prague , Poland . . -RRB- and it worked perfectly . . everywhere ! Wish my blower at home -LRB- US -RRB- worked as well . Would highly recommend
 A perfectly colored concealer that fully conceals my dark circles for such a low price ? ... -LRB- I sound like an ad : / -RRB- YES PLEASE ! I have payed maby 10 times more for concealers I ` ve been happy with . The price is amazing , and I have got absoulutely no complaints at all . -LRB- Though , the product didnt arrive in a package , like the picture said ... -RRB- It has become a part of my daily makeup-routine , so I recommend this product . : -RRB-
 Mascara is an important part of my makeup routine because my lashes are so skimpy . Since I like the natural look -LRB- lucky if I get makeup on at all -RRB- , it 's important that my lashes do n't look at all spiky , clumpy , or fake . With this amazing brush , ONE coat made my lashes look fabulous ! I saw lashes that I 'd never seen before . WOW ! Yet , the overall effect was n't fake looking . I 'll definitely buy this product again !
 I feel L'Oreal Voluminous Mascara is a high-quality cosmetic that went on smoothly and noticeably increased the length of my lashes . I 'm a contact lens wearer and have sensitive eyes . I had no eye irritation with this product . No smudging or black specs appeared around my eyes during the day and it washed off easily at night . Great product !
 I like how it went on very smoothly and did n't clump . The brush was great for curling purposes . The mascara was also easy to remove at the end of the day ! I 'd recommend it to all my friends .
 L'Oreal Voluminous had been a favorite of mine for over 5 years . This one with the curved brush was not quite as adaptable as the straight brush , which seems to get into more areas , more easily . It also seems to collect more unnecessary amounts of mascara .
 No clumps and covers well . I have dark , long lashes , so I did n't need extra volume . But , I liked the easy applicator brush and that there were no dark circles under my eyes . It was easy to rinse off with water and soap . A little expensive but still worth it .
 Good mascara . I like the thick , curved brush . It 's easy to apply . It goes on thick and is long-lasting too .
 The mascara did n't clump up on the brush or my eyelashes . It did n't make my lashes particularly long but it did separate them nicely . It stayed on without running , even through crying or sweating . I liked this product and would buy it .
 I like this mascara quite a bit better than the Maybelline Great Lash that I 'd been using . The brush separated my lashes better so that the end result was a much fuller , more natural look . With the curved brush , it seemed that I was able to get into the corners a little easier . I 'll buy the product again .
 This chemical free soap is marvelous ! I buy Zum bars en mass and hide them in folded towels and sheets until I am ready to use them - making my linens smell great ! I am constantly complimented on the scent and can feel my skin soften without the harsh chemicals of previous soaps ! Problem ? Let 's face it
 Marked by or providing unrestrained gratification ; self-indulgent . This soap is for Patchouli lovers ! While it is n't the longest lasting soap , the smell is divine and the lather is our of this world !
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The anise-lavender soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like blueberries and cream , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , anise-lavender is irresistible . Anise is an herb that was cultivated by the ancient Egyptians -LRB- they knew a good thing when they saw it -RRB- . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . The combination of the two creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of licorice . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 If you like patchouli and great soaps , this is it ! I have tried to find patchouli soap all over the world . This is absolutely the best I have found in regular supply both for the scent and the consistancy of the soap . I habe used it for hand soap in the bathroom for years . I 'm buying more today !!!
 I purchased this soap at earthfare and I bought three different scents it was Patchouli Mint , Almond , and Sandalwood the Almond smelled so good as well as the Patchouli Mint I have n't yet use the sandalwood but I am sure it smells just as good After I washed with these soaps my skin was so soft and I did n't need to apply lotion !! Ahhh i just ordered some more of there Patchouli Mint and some others I just cant wait until i receive my orderThanks Indigo wild
 I am a soapmaker and I purchase soaps to see what they are like compared to mine . When they claimed that the PH was close to your own skin I found it hard to believe . I purchased the soap and tried it . It is a very nice bubbly , moisturizing and nicely scented soap . PH ? Like most handmade soaps the PH is a 9 . Your skins PH is anywhere between a 4.5 and 6 . So , It is very hard to get a soaps PH close to your skin . Commercial soaps Ph is much higher , so handmade soap is what you want . I just felt a little deceived when I read their claims on another site .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 I Like Zum 's Frankincense and Myrrh -LRB- just bought the hand and body liquid -RRB- . It does cleanse well , fresh smelling too.I bought mine from Quality Goods ect , they packaged my item extremely well , I also received two small samples of zum soap -LRB- I 'm not sure which 2-they were n't labled -RRB- however it was appreciated.I must be frank here -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- even though I enjoy Zums Frank and Myrrh 's fragrance - I feel Nubian Heritage has them beat.Nubian Heritage -LRB- no , I do n't work for , am not related to , own no stock in -RRB- this company just a customer on amazon like you . I think it 's more of an opulent fragrance , -LRB- their blend , -RRB- TRULY CELESTIAL !! I AM going back to My one true Frankincense and Myrrh , at least you should give it a try if you love the smell/fragrance of Frankincense and Myrrh as I do .
 This soap has become part of my Christmas celebration - I buy a bar or two around December every year . It has a powerful scent , so be prepared . It lathers really well -LRB- something I love -RRB- and is kind of tingly .
 Would n't change a thing ! Love the cedar scent ! Lathers well in our lightly softened water and is mild on sensitive skin . The company that i bought this through on Amazon is called `` Soap Hope '' . Take a few minutes to visit them and see what they are doing . I am now purchasing this fantastic product exclusively from them .
 I bought a lot of these bars of soap after trying a free sample . I use it everyday and put the extras in my truck and around my house to act as air fresheners . Love the smell .
 I was induced to this soap by one of my peers at work , brought some -LRB- a little pricey -RRB- and begin my searched to find it cheaper which I did on Amazon . The scent last all day for me . Love , Love it .
 I love patchouli and purchased my first bar of this incredible soap at Whole Foods in LIttle Rock . It 's non-drying and the fragrance stays for quite a while .
 I have to start by saying that I love natural soaps and this is one of my favorites . My husband on the other hand is not a fan of essential oils and he thinks their smell is too strong for him . I was shocked to hear that he loved the smell of this soap and this is when we started fighting over it ! It is not drying on the skin and leaves a wonderful smell that we both love -LRB- we use Ylang Ylang and Frankinsence and Myrrh -RRB- ! I have also tried other scents by this soap , but these seem to be our favorites . The only drawback is the price , the bars are too small and sell for almost $ 5 and at the rate we go through them it is becoming a luxury ...
 This is the best cinnamon soap I have ever tried . It fills the bathroom with the scent of cinnamon as soon as you turn on the shower - somehow the soap diffuses into the mist in the air even before you use it . Very gentle on the skin and you smell great too . It is not the sugary-sweet scent you usually associate with cinnamon candles - it is pure cinnamon . Very intoxicating to the senses . I love it .
 This is a good quality product with the scent last through the entire bar of soap .
 Check elsewhere before you buy from this seller . The shipping prices are per bar and are quite high . Just saying ... On the other hand , the soap is wonderful . I 've converted several people to it already . Try the Zum laundry soap , seems expensive but goes a long long way .
 I love love love the smell of this soap . Soap and air freshener in one . I can smell these bars of soap every time I walk in the bath . Love it .
 This IS THE BEST soap I have ever used ! Love it ! I use it daily and will not use any other product . The fact that they support women in dire conditions is a wonderful plus !
 A unique , thoughtful gift or for yourself . Contains all the naturals and with the enclosed literature , explains why . I love this earth-friendly company and will be back .
 Zum Bar Goat 's Milk Soap comes hand wrapped and boxed in recycled material . So if your green , this company caters to you . Also the soap had a distinct black licorice smell right out of the box . Not to worry , this went away in the shower . In the shower the patchouli scent really comes out strong . The scent is dead on . The way i expect patchouli to smell . As far as it being soap , i can not say much about how good it is , or is n't , because i am a man that is not interested in such things . The soap did clean my skin , and left a subtle patchouli scent . So if your not wanted to be covered in the odor of patchouli , this is the soap for you . Its not overpowering in any way . One thing I have been noticing lately is that the soap tends to disolve faster than my regular store bought soaps . No big deal though . When i am through in the shower , i take the soap out of the shower , and let it dry on the shelf . I am 100 % satisfied with this product .
 The Clove Mint Zum bar is my favorite of the soaps ! The scent is so gorgeous and soothing . . and the lather feels like silk ... you come out of the shower so relaxed and moisturized . I love it !
 I love this soap . I 'm allergic to a ton of things but this soap does n't bother me at all . Is also good for my complexion . I love it .
 This stuff will have you , your bathroom and any place you put this stuff smelling wonderful . I love , love , love this soap and hate when I run out . The smell is awesome and very full . You will not be disappointed . The only thing is that the soap disappears quite swiftly . Shame . But for the scent alone it is worth it .
 If you like essential oils you 'll appreciate the Zum Bars . They are the creamiest , sudsiest , softest , kindest to your skin all vegetable soaps I 've found . I 'm glad I can order from Soap Hope because our local shops do n't always have them . I love the Patchouli/Mint , Rosemary/Mint , and I just tried this one and like it , too . The essential oils last till the end of the soap . I 've used soaps that smell good when new but then fade to nothing . The only downside is these soaps are so creamy they use up fast .
 I love this soap . It 's gentle enough even to cleanse the face with . I have acne prone skin and it did not irritate it at all . Nor is it poor clogging.The combination of Rosemary and Lavender is a lovely scent . Rosemary being one of my personal favorites.This particular bar is not exfoliating , unless you use the herbs that stick on one side of the soap for a gentle scrub . The herbs do occasionally fall off the bar and into the shower , as with all these natural soaps . I will be buying again .
 I have been using this soap for about a week now and will just say it smells fantastic ! It 's a really sexy , sweet , woodsy scent that will work well on either a man or a woman . Even if it did n't leave my skin really nice and soft , -LRB- which it does , -RRB- I would buy it to put in my sock drawr as a sachet .
 Goat 's milk soap is so luxurious and the combined smell of patchouli & orange adds invigorating to the mix ! Zum always has quality products and this is no exception !
 smells very strong ! my mom loved it ! If you know anyone who enjoys goats milk soap and cant always find it this is the place to get it . bright colors !
 The bars do n't last long -LRB- maybe a month -RRB- , but they smell fantastc ! Next time I 'll order enough to last me through the year . It 's the only soap I 'll use !
 Because the person I bought it for uses it and was very pleased to receive it as a gift . She loved it and uses it all the time .
 Nice smell , gentle on skin , and lasts a long time . I love anything that smells like lavender . I would highly recommend .
 This soap and its various counterparts are the best type of goat soap that I have found on the market . Soft , smooth , with a very rich lather , it is the best for those with sensitive skin and even for those who do n't . And if you do n't like this smell , which is rather mild , there are about 20 other scents that on can choose from . Absolutely the best . Make sure that if you buy any of this brand of soap , to buy it from the company called Soap Hope . Very good company with fast and prompt service .
 Love , Love , Love this baby soap . It smells so good , and I can wash even the little guys hair with it . I got a bar as a gift , and have been going back for more : -RRB-
 I happened to stumble across Zum Soap while purusing through a local co-op in the beauty section . I struck up a conversation with one of the employees and I asked her what most people request . She referred me to the Zumbar soap . Mind you , I 'm a law school student so I 'm a little strapped for cash . The large bar was $ 4.25 but the sample pack -LRB- which included 4 different scents -RRB- was $ 5.00 . Obviously I go for the sample pack . I get home and take a long hot shower with my new soap and it made my skin so very soft ! I was amazed at the difference in my skin from using this product once . Dove never made my skin feel so amazing ! Some people who try it are n't all that enthused with the scents , but I love them . Its so natural . And oddly enough , it persists throughout the day . Only drawback is how quick you go through a bar .
 There simply is no better soap than Zum Bar . Made from goat 's milk and all natural ingredients such as herbs and flora , Zum Bar is one of the most green friendly soaps around.Due to the lack of artificial ingredients , the scent is astounding . I can generally smell the soap before I ever get the box open . It is SO fantastic.Though I have tried nearly all the Zum Bar varieties , Tea Tree Citrus remains my favorite . The citrus scent is pleasantly sharp and the tea tree is excellent for the skin -- as a sufferer of adult acne , I can vouch for tea tree 's healing properties ! This is the only soap/cleanser/you name it that I have found to be of any use to my face.I not only recommend Zum Bar to everyone , I give it as gifts regularly . I simply ca n't give enough thumbs up or stars or hip hip hoorays for Zum Bar in general and Tea Tree Citrus in particular !
 This soap smells so fresh you would think you had geraniums growing in your bathroom . The soap is gentle and the scent is great , makes the whole bathroom smell good .
 Not much more to say . This product will leave you feeling clean and smelling awesome . Loved it !
 This soap smells wonderful and lathers up great . I am going to buy more to put in my clothing drawers .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The lavender-mint soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like grass and sky , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , lavender - mint is irresistible . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . Combining that with mint creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of a fresh summer morning . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special ! - Gail Cooke
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 The Frankincense & Myrrh scent is wonderful -- rich , spicy , clean -- and the soap lathers up very nicely . And , best of all , it does n't dry out my skin -LRB- a promise made by many commercial soap manufacturers , but fulfilled by few -RRB- . I 've just ordered my second bar of this fantastic soap !
 This soap is absolutely fantastic . Has a very nice smell and leaves skin feeling super soft . I 've recently started to use more `` natural '' soap and my skin is thanking me for it . I receive constant compliments on how I smell after showering with this soap . On top of it relieving my dry skin . I highly recommend this soap to anyone looking to get away from the traditional bodywashes .
 So very fortunate so as been able to off the cuff purchase the Zum Zum Lavender/Mint bar ... it provides a great subtle yet powerful scent so as to free me from having to use spray scents in my bathroom off of my kitchen ... it has a clean and enjoyable scent that we Truly enjoy ... I can only hope that one of these days I receive an e-mail allowing me to purchase a couple more of this product which is a great addition to one 's household supplies ... the price was reasonable and I would highly state that it is a must to one 's household supplies ... my only regret is I do n't recall the web site so as to have the freedom to purchase it again in the form of a couple of more of them or even purchase it or another scent from the very same producer because they truly give you the money ... it was and it a truly worthwhile purchase ... bye , Linda K.
 I 'm a big fan of natural soaps , and I 've tried a lot of different ones , but this is by far my favorite . It 's become the only one I buy . Plus shipping is surprisingly fast .
 Hello , Received 1st order included two free sample slices of soap 1 - frankincense other -LRB- 2 -RRB- myrrh .1 st impression -LRB- did not like odor -RRB- . Opened - ??? Maybe two scents together clashed.SMELLS Great - Myrrh is more woodsy for men , but may appeal to women remind me of log cabin outdoor person would love.Curious - samples instructions to use as potpourri , used frankincense to wash face.BEST SOAP - -LRB- I have sensitive skin -RRB- only use clearsil soap or black soap.BENEFITS - -LRB- I thought the reviews were overrated , but they are not -RRB- ... . Face felt refreshing cleaner than ever hard to explain.Skin was smooth , face felt great kind of like after a mask treatment -LRB- if you have used before -RRB- . SKIN TYPE
 This is the best soap ever !! it smells sooooo goood !! i will be getting more !! makes my skin so smooth
 We will buy more of your soap . Ca n't believe the markup on this product in stores . Your price is fantastic !
 I ordered these as a house warming for a friend . Was really happy with the fragrences and colors of the bars . They were smaller than I expected , but I had ordered two different kinds so was fine with it .
 i bought this because i was looking for an all natural soap for my wife . i love the smell . she thinks its ok . overall a good value .
 Third bottle for me . I wear virtually no makeup , but when I do want a little cover and even tone , this is it . Flows smoothly , covers evenly , does n't leave a dry or dusty look , matches my skin tone , even when it changes over the seasons , somehow . I use a moisturizer -LRB- Neutrogena for me -RRB- under it , working it in very well , which may help .
 This IS THE BEST soap I have ever used ! Love it ! I use it daily and will not use any other product . The fact that they support women in dire conditions is a wonderful plus !
 A unique , thoughtful gift or for yourself . Contains all the naturals and with the enclosed literature , explains why . I love this earth-friendly company and will be back .
 Zum Bar Goat 's Milk Soap comes hand wrapped and boxed in recycled material . So if your green , this company caters to you . Also the soap had a distinct black licorice smell right out of the box . Not to worry , this went away in the shower . In the shower the patchouli scent really comes out strong . The scent is dead on . The way i expect patchouli to smell . As far as it being soap , i can not say much about how good it is , or is n't , because i am a man that is not interested in such things . The soap did clean my skin , and left a subtle patchouli scent . So if your not wanted to be covered in the odor of patchouli , this is the soap for you . Its not overpowering in any way . One thing I have been noticing lately is that the soap tends to disolve faster than my regular store bought soaps . No big deal though . When i am through in the shower , i take the soap out of the shower , and let it dry on the shelf . I am 100 % satisfied with this product .
 The Clove Mint Zum bar is my favorite of the soaps ! The scent is so gorgeous and soothing . . and the lather feels like silk ... you come out of the shower so relaxed and moisturized . I love it !
 I love this soap . I 'm allergic to a ton of things but this soap does n't bother me at all . Is also good for my complexion . I love it .
 This stuff will have you , your bathroom and any place you put this stuff smelling wonderful . I love , love , love this soap and hate when I run out . The smell is awesome and very full . You will not be disappointed . The only thing is that the soap disappears quite swiftly . Shame . But for the scent alone it is worth it .
 If you like essential oils you 'll appreciate the Zum Bars . They are the creamiest , sudsiest , softest , kindest to your skin all vegetable soaps I 've found . I 'm glad I can order from Soap Hope because our local shops do n't always have them . I love the Patchouli/Mint , Rosemary/Mint , and I just tried this one and like it , too . The essential oils last till the end of the soap . I 've used soaps that smell good when new but then fade to nothing . The only downside is these soaps are so creamy they use up fast .
 I love this soap . It 's gentle enough even to cleanse the face with . I have acne prone skin and it did not irritate it at all . Nor is it poor clogging.The combination of Rosemary and Lavender is a lovely scent . Rosemary being one of my personal favorites.This particular bar is not exfoliating , unless you use the herbs that stick on one side of the soap for a gentle scrub . The herbs do occasionally fall off the bar and into the shower , as with all these natural soaps . I will be buying again .
 This chemical free soap is marvelous ! I buy Zum bars en mass and hide them in folded towels and sheets until I am ready to use them - making my linens smell great ! I am constantly complimented on the scent and can feel my skin soften without the harsh chemicals of previous soaps ! Problem ? Let 's face it
 Marked by or providing unrestrained gratification ; self-indulgent . This soap is for Patchouli lovers ! While it is n't the longest lasting soap , the smell is divine and the lather is our of this world !
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The anise-lavender soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like blueberries and cream , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , anise-lavender is irresistible . Anise is an herb that was cultivated by the ancient Egyptians -LRB- they knew a good thing when they saw it -RRB- . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . The combination of the two creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of licorice . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 If you like patchouli and great soaps , this is it ! I have tried to find patchouli soap all over the world . This is absolutely the best I have found in regular supply both for the scent and the consistancy of the soap . I habe used it for hand soap in the bathroom for years . I 'm buying more today !!!
 I purchased this soap at earthfare and I bought three different scents it was Patchouli Mint , Almond , and Sandalwood the Almond smelled so good as well as the Patchouli Mint I have n't yet use the sandalwood but I am sure it smells just as good After I washed with these soaps my skin was so soft and I did n't need to apply lotion !! Ahhh i just ordered some more of there Patchouli Mint and some others I just cant wait until i receive my orderThanks Indigo wild
 I am a soapmaker and I purchase soaps to see what they are like compared to mine . When they claimed that the PH was close to your own skin I found it hard to believe . I purchased the soap and tried it . It is a very nice bubbly , moisturizing and nicely scented soap . PH ? Like most handmade soaps the PH is a 9 . Your skins PH is anywhere between a 4.5 and 6 . So , It is very hard to get a soaps PH close to your skin . Commercial soaps Ph is much higher , so handmade soap is what you want . I just felt a little deceived when I read their claims on another site .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 I Like Zum 's Frankincense and Myrrh -LRB- just bought the hand and body liquid -RRB- . It does cleanse well , fresh smelling too.I bought mine from Quality Goods ect , they packaged my item extremely well , I also received two small samples of zum soap -LRB- I 'm not sure which 2-they were n't labled -RRB- however it was appreciated.I must be frank here -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- even though I enjoy Zums Frank and Myrrh 's fragrance - I feel Nubian Heritage has them beat.Nubian Heritage -LRB- no , I do n't work for , am not related to , own no stock in -RRB- this company just a customer on amazon like you . I think it 's more of an opulent fragrance , -LRB- their blend , -RRB- TRULY CELESTIAL !! I AM going back to My one true Frankincense and Myrrh , at least you should give it a try if you love the smell/fragrance of Frankincense and Myrrh as I do .
 This soap has become part of my Christmas celebration - I buy a bar or two around December every year . It has a powerful scent , so be prepared . It lathers really well -LRB- something I love -RRB- and is kind of tingly .
 Would n't change a thing ! Love the cedar scent ! Lathers well in our lightly softened water and is mild on sensitive skin . The company that i bought this through on Amazon is called `` Soap Hope '' . Take a few minutes to visit them and see what they are doing . I am now purchasing this fantastic product exclusively from them .
 I bought a lot of these bars of soap after trying a free sample . I use it everyday and put the extras in my truck and around my house to act as air fresheners . Love the smell .
 I was induced to this soap by one of my peers at work , brought some -LRB- a little pricey -RRB- and begin my searched to find it cheaper which I did on Amazon . The scent last all day for me . Love , Love it .
 I love patchouli and purchased my first bar of this incredible soap at Whole Foods in LIttle Rock . It 's non-drying and the fragrance stays for quite a while .
 I have to start by saying that I love natural soaps and this is one of my favorites . My husband on the other hand is not a fan of essential oils and he thinks their smell is too strong for him . I was shocked to hear that he loved the smell of this soap and this is when we started fighting over it ! It is not drying on the skin and leaves a wonderful smell that we both love -LRB- we use Ylang Ylang and Frankinsence and Myrrh -RRB- ! I have also tried other scents by this soap , but these seem to be our favorites . The only drawback is the price , the bars are too small and sell for almost $ 5 and at the rate we go through them it is becoming a luxury ...
 This is the best cinnamon soap I have ever tried . It fills the bathroom with the scent of cinnamon as soon as you turn on the shower - somehow the soap diffuses into the mist in the air even before you use it . Very gentle on the skin and you smell great too . It is not the sugary-sweet scent you usually associate with cinnamon candles - it is pure cinnamon . Very intoxicating to the senses . I love it .
 This is a good quality product with the scent last through the entire bar of soap .
 Check elsewhere before you buy from this seller . The shipping prices are per bar and are quite high . Just saying ... On the other hand , the soap is wonderful . I 've converted several people to it already . Try the Zum laundry soap , seems expensive but goes a long long way .
 I love love love the smell of this soap . Soap and air freshener in one . I can smell these bars of soap every time I walk in the bath . Love it .
 The Frankincense & Myrrh scent is wonderful -- rich , spicy , clean -- and the soap lathers up very nicely . And , best of all , it does n't dry out my skin -LRB- a promise made by many commercial soap manufacturers , but fulfilled by few -RRB- . I 've just ordered my second bar of this fantastic soap !
 This soap is absolutely fantastic . Has a very nice smell and leaves skin feeling super soft . I 've recently started to use more `` natural '' soap and my skin is thanking me for it . I receive constant compliments on how I smell after showering with this soap . On top of it relieving my dry skin . I highly recommend this soap to anyone looking to get away from the traditional bodywashes .
 So very fortunate so as been able to off the cuff purchase the Zum Zum Lavender/Mint bar ... it provides a great subtle yet powerful scent so as to free me from having to use spray scents in my bathroom off of my kitchen ... it has a clean and enjoyable scent that we Truly enjoy ... I can only hope that one of these days I receive an e-mail allowing me to purchase a couple more of this product which is a great addition to one 's household supplies ... the price was reasonable and I would highly state that it is a must to one 's household supplies ... my only regret is I do n't recall the web site so as to have the freedom to purchase it again in the form of a couple of more of them or even purchase it or another scent from the very same producer because they truly give you the money ... it was and it a truly worthwhile purchase ... bye , Linda K.
 I 'm a big fan of natural soaps , and I 've tried a lot of different ones , but this is by far my favorite . It 's become the only one I buy . Plus shipping is surprisingly fast .
 Hello , Received 1st order included two free sample slices of soap 1 - frankincense other -LRB- 2 -RRB- myrrh .1 st impression -LRB- did not like odor -RRB- . Opened - ??? Maybe two scents together clashed.SMELLS Great - Myrrh is more woodsy for men , but may appeal to women remind me of log cabin outdoor person would love.Curious - samples instructions to use as potpourri , used frankincense to wash face.BEST SOAP - -LRB- I have sensitive skin -RRB- only use clearsil soap or black soap.BENEFITS - -LRB- I thought the reviews were overrated , but they are not -RRB- ... . Face felt refreshing cleaner than ever hard to explain.Skin was smooth , face felt great kind of like after a mask treatment -LRB- if you have used before -RRB- . SKIN TYPE
 This is the best soap ever !! it smells sooooo goood !! i will be getting more !! makes my skin so smooth
 We will buy more of your soap . Ca n't believe the markup on this product in stores . Your price is fantastic !
 I ordered these as a house warming for a friend . Was really happy with the fragrences and colors of the bars . They were smaller than I expected , but I had ordered two different kinds so was fine with it .
 i bought this because i was looking for an all natural soap for my wife . i love the smell . she thinks its ok . overall a good value .
 I have been using this soap for about a week now and will just say it smells fantastic ! It 's a really sexy , sweet , woodsy scent that will work well on either a man or a woman . Even if it did n't leave my skin really nice and soft , -LRB- which it does , -RRB- I would buy it to put in my sock drawr as a sachet .
 Goat 's milk soap is so luxurious and the combined smell of patchouli & orange adds invigorating to the mix ! Zum always has quality products and this is no exception !
 smells very strong ! my mom loved it ! If you know anyone who enjoys goats milk soap and cant always find it this is the place to get it . bright colors !
 The bars do n't last long -LRB- maybe a month -RRB- , but they smell fantastc ! Next time I 'll order enough to last me through the year . It 's the only soap I 'll use !
 Because the person I bought it for uses it and was very pleased to receive it as a gift . She loved it and uses it all the time .
 Nice smell , gentle on skin , and lasts a long time . I love anything that smells like lavender . I would highly recommend .
 This soap and its various counterparts are the best type of goat soap that I have found on the market . Soft , smooth , with a very rich lather , it is the best for those with sensitive skin and even for those who do n't . And if you do n't like this smell , which is rather mild , there are about 20 other scents that on can choose from . Absolutely the best . Make sure that if you buy any of this brand of soap , to buy it from the company called Soap Hope . Very good company with fast and prompt service .
 Love , Love , Love this baby soap . It smells so good , and I can wash even the little guys hair with it . I got a bar as a gift , and have been going back for more : -RRB-
 I happened to stumble across Zum Soap while purusing through a local co-op in the beauty section . I struck up a conversation with one of the employees and I asked her what most people request . She referred me to the Zumbar soap . Mind you , I 'm a law school student so I 'm a little strapped for cash . The large bar was $ 4.25 but the sample pack -LRB- which included 4 different scents -RRB- was $ 5.00 . Obviously I go for the sample pack . I get home and take a long hot shower with my new soap and it made my skin so very soft ! I was amazed at the difference in my skin from using this product once . Dove never made my skin feel so amazing ! Some people who try it are n't all that enthused with the scents , but I love them . Its so natural . And oddly enough , it persists throughout the day . Only drawback is how quick you go through a bar .
 There simply is no better soap than Zum Bar . Made from goat 's milk and all natural ingredients such as herbs and flora , Zum Bar is one of the most green friendly soaps around.Due to the lack of artificial ingredients , the scent is astounding . I can generally smell the soap before I ever get the box open . It is SO fantastic.Though I have tried nearly all the Zum Bar varieties , Tea Tree Citrus remains my favorite . The citrus scent is pleasantly sharp and the tea tree is excellent for the skin -- as a sufferer of adult acne , I can vouch for tea tree 's healing properties ! This is the only soap/cleanser/you name it that I have found to be of any use to my face.I not only recommend Zum Bar to everyone , I give it as gifts regularly . I simply ca n't give enough thumbs up or stars or hip hip hoorays for Zum Bar in general and Tea Tree Citrus in particular !
 This soap smells so fresh you would think you had geraniums growing in your bathroom . The soap is gentle and the scent is great , makes the whole bathroom smell good .
 Not much more to say . This product will leave you feeling clean and smelling awesome . Loved it !
 This soap smells wonderful and lathers up great . I am going to buy more to put in my clothing drawers .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The lavender-mint soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like grass and sky , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , lavender - mint is irresistible . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . Combining that with mint creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of a fresh summer morning . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special ! - Gail Cooke
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 This is one of the early women 's fragrances launched by Boucheron . It is more dramatic than Initial , highlighted by a floral Oriental tone.Jaipur or `` jewel '' was inspired by a trip made by the company 's current president 's grandfather to Jaipur , a city whose reputation for precious stones was legendary . Thus , the fragrance was introduced in a jewel flacon . The original bottles are , of course , highly prized by collectors today.Long recognized as makers of elegrant , luxurious jewelry Boucheron began in 1830 when the first store opened in Paris . It was not until 1988 that the first Boucheron fragrance was launched .
 I have been using this soap for about a week now and will just say it smells fantastic ! It 's a really sexy , sweet , woodsy scent that will work well on either a man or a woman . Even if it did n't leave my skin really nice and soft , -LRB- which it does , -RRB- I would buy it to put in my sock drawr as a sachet .
 Goat 's milk soap is so luxurious and the combined smell of patchouli & orange adds invigorating to the mix ! Zum always has quality products and this is no exception !
 smells very strong ! my mom loved it ! If you know anyone who enjoys goats milk soap and cant always find it this is the place to get it . bright colors !
 The bars do n't last long -LRB- maybe a month -RRB- , but they smell fantastc ! Next time I 'll order enough to last me through the year . It 's the only soap I 'll use !
 Because the person I bought it for uses it and was very pleased to receive it as a gift . She loved it and uses it all the time .
 Nice smell , gentle on skin , and lasts a long time . I love anything that smells like lavender . I would highly recommend .
 This soap and its various counterparts are the best type of goat soap that I have found on the market . Soft , smooth , with a very rich lather , it is the best for those with sensitive skin and even for those who do n't . And if you do n't like this smell , which is rather mild , there are about 20 other scents that on can choose from . Absolutely the best . Make sure that if you buy any of this brand of soap , to buy it from the company called Soap Hope . Very good company with fast and prompt service .
 Love , Love , Love this baby soap . It smells so good , and I can wash even the little guys hair with it . I got a bar as a gift , and have been going back for more : -RRB-
 I happened to stumble across Zum Soap while purusing through a local co-op in the beauty section . I struck up a conversation with one of the employees and I asked her what most people request . She referred me to the Zumbar soap . Mind you , I 'm a law school student so I 'm a little strapped for cash . The large bar was $ 4.25 but the sample pack -LRB- which included 4 different scents -RRB- was $ 5.00 . Obviously I go for the sample pack . I get home and take a long hot shower with my new soap and it made my skin so very soft ! I was amazed at the difference in my skin from using this product once . Dove never made my skin feel so amazing ! Some people who try it are n't all that enthused with the scents , but I love them . Its so natural . And oddly enough , it persists throughout the day . Only drawback is how quick you go through a bar .
 There simply is no better soap than Zum Bar . Made from goat 's milk and all natural ingredients such as herbs and flora , Zum Bar is one of the most green friendly soaps around.Due to the lack of artificial ingredients , the scent is astounding . I can generally smell the soap before I ever get the box open . It is SO fantastic.Though I have tried nearly all the Zum Bar varieties , Tea Tree Citrus remains my favorite . The citrus scent is pleasantly sharp and the tea tree is excellent for the skin -- as a sufferer of adult acne , I can vouch for tea tree 's healing properties ! This is the only soap/cleanser/you name it that I have found to be of any use to my face.I not only recommend Zum Bar to everyone , I give it as gifts regularly . I simply ca n't give enough thumbs up or stars or hip hip hoorays for Zum Bar in general and Tea Tree Citrus in particular !
 This soap smells so fresh you would think you had geraniums growing in your bathroom . The soap is gentle and the scent is great , makes the whole bathroom smell good .
 Not much more to say . This product will leave you feeling clean and smelling awesome . Loved it !
 This soap smells wonderful and lathers up great . I am going to buy more to put in my clothing drawers .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The lavender-mint soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like grass and sky , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , lavender - mint is irresistible . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . Combining that with mint creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of a fresh summer morning . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special ! - Gail Cooke
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 The Frankincense & Myrrh scent is wonderful -- rich , spicy , clean -- and the soap lathers up very nicely . And , best of all , it does n't dry out my skin -LRB- a promise made by many commercial soap manufacturers , but fulfilled by few -RRB- . I 've just ordered my second bar of this fantastic soap !
 This soap is absolutely fantastic . Has a very nice smell and leaves skin feeling super soft . I 've recently started to use more `` natural '' soap and my skin is thanking me for it . I receive constant compliments on how I smell after showering with this soap . On top of it relieving my dry skin . I highly recommend this soap to anyone looking to get away from the traditional bodywashes .
 So very fortunate so as been able to off the cuff purchase the Zum Zum Lavender/Mint bar ... it provides a great subtle yet powerful scent so as to free me from having to use spray scents in my bathroom off of my kitchen ... it has a clean and enjoyable scent that we Truly enjoy ... I can only hope that one of these days I receive an e-mail allowing me to purchase a couple more of this product which is a great addition to one 's household supplies ... the price was reasonable and I would highly state that it is a must to one 's household supplies ... my only regret is I do n't recall the web site so as to have the freedom to purchase it again in the form of a couple of more of them or even purchase it or another scent from the very same producer because they truly give you the money ... it was and it a truly worthwhile purchase ... bye , Linda K.
 I 'm a big fan of natural soaps , and I 've tried a lot of different ones , but this is by far my favorite . It 's become the only one I buy . Plus shipping is surprisingly fast .
 Hello , Received 1st order included two free sample slices of soap 1 - frankincense other -LRB- 2 -RRB- myrrh .1 st impression -LRB- did not like odor -RRB- . Opened - ??? Maybe two scents together clashed.SMELLS Great - Myrrh is more woodsy for men , but may appeal to women remind me of log cabin outdoor person would love.Curious - samples instructions to use as potpourri , used frankincense to wash face.BEST SOAP - -LRB- I have sensitive skin -RRB- only use clearsil soap or black soap.BENEFITS - -LRB- I thought the reviews were overrated , but they are not -RRB- ... . Face felt refreshing cleaner than ever hard to explain.Skin was smooth , face felt great kind of like after a mask treatment -LRB- if you have used before -RRB- . SKIN TYPE
 This is the best soap ever !! it smells sooooo goood !! i will be getting more !! makes my skin so smooth
 We will buy more of your soap . Ca n't believe the markup on this product in stores . Your price is fantastic !
 I ordered these as a house warming for a friend . Was really happy with the fragrences and colors of the bars . They were smaller than I expected , but I had ordered two different kinds so was fine with it .
 i bought this because i was looking for an all natural soap for my wife . i love the smell . she thinks its ok . overall a good value .
 This chemical free soap is marvelous ! I buy Zum bars en mass and hide them in folded towels and sheets until I am ready to use them - making my linens smell great ! I am constantly complimented on the scent and can feel my skin soften without the harsh chemicals of previous soaps ! Problem ? Let 's face it
 Marked by or providing unrestrained gratification ; self-indulgent . This soap is for Patchouli lovers ! While it is n't the longest lasting soap , the smell is divine and the lather is our of this world !
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The anise-lavender soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like blueberries and cream , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , well , anise-lavender is irresistible . Anise is an herb that was cultivated by the ancient Egyptians -LRB- they knew a good thing when they saw it -RRB- . Lavender , ah , think of the aromatic fields in Provence . The combination of the two creates a sweet scent , reminiscent of licorice . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 If you like patchouli and great soaps , this is it ! I have tried to find patchouli soap all over the world . This is absolutely the best I have found in regular supply both for the scent and the consistancy of the soap . I habe used it for hand soap in the bathroom for years . I 'm buying more today !!!
 I purchased this soap at earthfare and I bought three different scents it was Patchouli Mint , Almond , and Sandalwood the Almond smelled so good as well as the Patchouli Mint I have n't yet use the sandalwood but I am sure it smells just as good After I washed with these soaps my skin was so soft and I did n't need to apply lotion !! Ahhh i just ordered some more of there Patchouli Mint and some others I just cant wait until i receive my orderThanks Indigo wild
 I am a soapmaker and I purchase soaps to see what they are like compared to mine . When they claimed that the PH was close to your own skin I found it hard to believe . I purchased the soap and tried it . It is a very nice bubbly , moisturizing and nicely scented soap . PH ? Like most handmade soaps the PH is a 9 . Your skins PH is anywhere between a 4.5 and 6 . So , It is very hard to get a soaps PH close to your skin . Commercial soaps Ph is much higher , so handmade soap is what you want . I just felt a little deceived when I read their claims on another site .
 This is the loveliest soap - bar none ! Zum Bar is a pure , natural goats milk soap , handmade to perfection . While each bar is individual , unique , all have a delicious scent , gently moisturize skin while cleansing thoroughly , and leave you feeling smooth as silk.The Lemongrass soap is particularly delightful . First , the appearance - the color is very much like , well , lemon yellow and green grass , the two shades combined result in a marbleized effect - very appealing.As for the fragrance , Lemongrass is a fresh , clean , citrusy scent . It 's a tangy , awakening fragrance . All of this in a handcut 3 oz . bar.This soap is ZUM-thing special !
 I Like Zum 's Frankincense and Myrrh -LRB- just bought the hand and body liquid -RRB- . It does cleanse well , fresh smelling too.I bought mine from Quality Goods ect , they packaged my item extremely well , I also received two small samples of zum soap -LRB- I 'm not sure which 2-they were n't labled -RRB- however it was appreciated.I must be frank here -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- even though I enjoy Zums Frank and Myrrh 's fragrance - I feel Nubian Heritage has them beat.Nubian Heritage -LRB- no , I do n't work for , am not related to , own no stock in -RRB- this company just a customer on amazon like you . I think it 's more of an opulent fragrance , -LRB- their blend , -RRB- TRULY CELESTIAL !! I AM going back to My one true Frankincense and Myrrh , at least you should give it a try if you love the smell/fragrance of Frankincense and Myrrh as I do .
 This soap has become part of my Christmas celebration - I buy a bar or two around December every year . It has a powerful scent , so be prepared . It lathers really well -LRB- something I love -RRB- and is kind of tingly .
 Would n't change a thing ! Love the cedar scent ! Lathers well in our lightly softened water and is mild on sensitive skin . The company that i bought this through on Amazon is called `` Soap Hope '' . Take a few minutes to visit them and see what they are doing . I am now purchasing this fantastic product exclusively from them .
 I bought a lot of these bars of soap after trying a free sample . I use it everyday and put the extras in my truck and around my house to act as air fresheners . Love the smell .
 I was induced to this soap by one of my peers at work , brought some -LRB- a little pricey -RRB- and begin my searched to find it cheaper which I did on Amazon . The scent last all day for me . Love , Love it .
 I love patchouli and purchased my first bar of this incredible soap at Whole Foods in LIttle Rock . It 's non-drying and the fragrance stays for quite a while .
 I have to start by saying that I love natural soaps and this is one of my favorites . My husband on the other hand is not a fan of essential oils and he thinks their smell is too strong for him . I was shocked to hear that he loved the smell of this soap and this is when we started fighting over it ! It is not drying on the skin and leaves a wonderful smell that we both love -LRB- we use Ylang Ylang and Frankinsence and Myrrh -RRB- ! I have also tried other scents by this soap , but these seem to be our favorites . The only drawback is the price , the bars are too small and sell for almost $ 5 and at the rate we go through them it is becoming a luxury ...
 This is the best cinnamon soap I have ever tried . It fills the bathroom with the scent of cinnamon as soon as you turn on the shower - somehow the soap diffuses into the mist in the air even before you use it . Very gentle on the skin and you smell great too . It is not the sugary-sweet scent you usually associate with cinnamon candles - it is pure cinnamon . Very intoxicating to the senses . I love it .
 This is a good quality product with the scent last through the entire bar of soap .
 Check elsewhere before you buy from this seller . The shipping prices are per bar and are quite high . Just saying ... On the other hand , the soap is wonderful . I 've converted several people to it already . Try the Zum laundry soap , seems expensive but goes a long long way .
 I love love love the smell of this soap . Soap and air freshener in one . I can smell these bars of soap every time I walk in the bath . Love it .
 This IS THE BEST soap I have ever used ! Love it ! I use it daily and will not use any other product . The fact that they support women in dire conditions is a wonderful plus !
 A unique , thoughtful gift or for yourself . Contains all the naturals and with the enclosed literature , explains why . I love this earth-friendly company and will be back .
 Zum Bar Goat 's Milk Soap comes hand wrapped and boxed in recycled material . So if your green , this company caters to you . Also the soap had a distinct black licorice smell right out of the box . Not to worry , this went away in the shower . In the shower the patchouli scent really comes out strong . The scent is dead on . The way i expect patchouli to smell . As far as it being soap , i can not say much about how good it is , or is n't , because i am a man that is not interested in such things . The soap did clean my skin , and left a subtle patchouli scent . So if your not wanted to be covered in the odor of patchouli , this is the soap for you . Its not overpowering in any way . One thing I have been noticing lately is that the soap tends to disolve faster than my regular store bought soaps . No big deal though . When i am through in the shower , i take the soap out of the shower , and let it dry on the shelf . I am 100 % satisfied with this product .
 The Clove Mint Zum bar is my favorite of the soaps ! The scent is so gorgeous and soothing . . and the lather feels like silk ... you come out of the shower so relaxed and moisturized . I love it !
 I love this soap . I 'm allergic to a ton of things but this soap does n't bother me at all . Is also good for my complexion . I love it .
 This stuff will have you , your bathroom and any place you put this stuff smelling wonderful . I love , love , love this soap and hate when I run out . The smell is awesome and very full . You will not be disappointed . The only thing is that the soap disappears quite swiftly . Shame . But for the scent alone it is worth it .
 If you like essential oils you 'll appreciate the Zum Bars . They are the creamiest , sudsiest , softest , kindest to your skin all vegetable soaps I 've found . I 'm glad I can order from Soap Hope because our local shops do n't always have them . I love the Patchouli/Mint , Rosemary/Mint , and I just tried this one and like it , too . The essential oils last till the end of the soap . I 've used soaps that smell good when new but then fade to nothing . The only downside is these soaps are so creamy they use up fast .
 I love this soap . It 's gentle enough even to cleanse the face with . I have acne prone skin and it did not irritate it at all . Nor is it poor clogging.The combination of Rosemary and Lavender is a lovely scent . Rosemary being one of my personal favorites.This particular bar is not exfoliating , unless you use the herbs that stick on one side of the soap for a gentle scrub . The herbs do occasionally fall off the bar and into the shower , as with all these natural soaps . I will be buying again .
 This particular perfume is unavailable in the UK and I have been trying to locate it for a long time . Beautiful Perfumes in California fulfilled the order in good time and delivered in safe packaging . Excellent service .
 The information on this clip is accurate as far as measurements , but comes up short on the `` adorable '' factor . Not meant to pull up big amounts of hair , but so pretty to pull a few strands to the back or side.The crystals sparkle in every kind of light . The little dangle adds even more glitter.The delivery was very fast , by USPS , the clip carefully wrapped in bubble plastic ; ca n't wait to order from this company again !
 This is my favorite of all the eyebrow treatments that I have used . I hoope you keep it available in the future . I always have good luck with Amazon.I
 This brush greatly reduces drying time when using a blow-dryer , while reducing static build up which can result from blow drying . It makes hair smoother and can also help straighten it without needing to use a straightening iron . The brush is well made and it seems like it will last for years.Very satisfied with it , and would buy another in the future .
 I have shoulder length , naturally wavy hair , but it looks much better when I blow dry it straight . I 'm not a fan of straightening irons , and I recently got my hair cut with lots of layers . I have a round metal brush , but my hair is very thick and blow drying took forever . I decided to try this brush because I have heard good things about ceramic brushes . And . . WOW ! My blow dry time was cut in half , at least , and it did an amazing job of straightening my hair . Very VERY happy with this brush .
 Ever since hearing a lot of hype about how boar 's bristle brushes are better for your hair , I 've been looking for a good quality one to handle my shoulder-length hair . Upon receiving this brush , I was moderately surprised at how wide the brush was -- however , it works really well even for shoulder-length hair . The bristles do n't fall out easily like what I 've seen from some boar 's bristle brushes , and the hollow center allows for faster hair drying . Also , it de-tangles amazingly well ! It 's the only brush that gets rid of my bed-head very well without needing to re-wash my hair . The only con is that it does n't quite curl in my hair as well as I 'd like .
 I have shoulder-length naturally curly THICK hair . These are the only brushes I can use to straighten my hair without `` pulling my hair out '' . I started styling with one brush and now do my entire head of hair with four of these brushes . Best I 've ever used .
 My hair dried pretty fast , but I ca n't say that it 's because of the claims made about the brush , I think I just have a good blowdryer . All-in-all , it was convenient to use and did the job . It 's also a good size for shoulder-length hair . It did n't get tangled in my hair and made drying my hair go by quicker due to the ease of manuevering the brush .
 I have long -LRB- shoulder blade -RRB- , very thick , wavy/curly , often frizzy hair . I had been using a boar 's bristle brush I purchased for $ 40.00 at Sephora . I bought this brush at Target because it was the largest diameter I could find . Wow . WOW ! It made a huge difference in my blow out . I was able to take my hair and make it smooth and remarkably shiny in 45 minutes ... the same time a stylist usually takes . Note
 I have always had problems with soft bristle brushes actually grabbing my hair . This brush does a nice job of grabbing hair with little effort and makes styling it so much easier . I also bought an ionic hair dryer and I am amazed at the results !
 I wish I had bought this on Amazon at the current price of $ 8 , but it was well worth the $ 13 I spent on it . I have never used such a big brush , but my hairdresser does . My hair dried so fast and look great -LRB- when used in conjunction with a hair blow dryer -RRB-
 This is no ordinary brush ! I have always had curly , frizzy hair , and I thought that the only way to tame it was curling irons or steam rollers . Tedious and time consuming . Now , with this ceramic brush , I have smooth straight hair in the time it takes to blow dry . I love it !! My hair feels so silky and lots of bounce , too .
 I bought this brush because I wanted to create volume in my poker-straight hair . I use it with a volumizing spray from Rusk and my hair dryer and I have been THRILLED with the results ! It definitely takes more time to do my hair this way , but when I 'm done my hair is smooth , shiny , and has great shape and volume .
 This is an amazing product . Buy it ! For under $ 10 , it leaves my hair shinier , fuller , and very bouncy -LRB- perfect for the wavy trend right now -RRB- . I 've had no trouble with it getting caught in my hair or anything . It 's become indispensable to me and , in fact , I 'm purchasing a second one right now to leave in my gym bag.Oh , and for reference , I have fairly thick , layered hair that falls about two inches below my shoulders . But I think this brush will work well on any type of hair except really short hair .
 I love this item . It helps my hair detangle and remain this way . I would recommend this brush .
 I bought this brush a while back when I had really long hair . It was a wonderful brush and made my often frizzy hair beautiful , shiny and full of body . When I cut my hair short I thought I might have to find a new brush , but that has not been the case . It 's chin length now and every time I use this brush people stop me and tell me how great my hair looks . I 'm so bummed because I left it at the gym a few days ago and it 's not in the lost and found . I 've bought two brushes so far and none has even come close .
 I purchased this brush at my local Target . I have mid-length , not quite to shoulder , thick , coarse , wavy hair . This brush works like a charm to straighten it while I blow it out . It has NEVER gotten tangled in my hair . I did n't realize how much difference the right brush would make in styling ease and results until now . I have always loved the results I got at the salon but never could do it myself nearly as well , until now . The only reason I gave this 4 stars is that every time I use , some of the boar bristles fall out and land in the sink and on the floor .
 found this fragrance a few years ago and have yet to meet anyone else that owns it or has used it around me ... makes a unique statement and goes well with casual or formal occasions . heating up while dancing or other things brings out all the elements that makes this my go-to EDT .
 L'Eau Par Kenzo men 's cologne smells wonderful ! This cologne stays with you ! I would definitely recommend it for any man .
 As good as before , this is exactly what I want . Not strong , it also has a faint scent . I like it .
 this cologne smells fresh and citrusy . it could be for both women and men but my friend loves this and hes a man so its everyones preference .
 I am a guy . I am perfectly content with the scent of old spice . It is what my grandfather wore , my father wore , and , since I am a man , I 'll wear for myself.Unfortunately , my wife does not feel the same way and so she picks out my cologne for me.This cologne has a fruity citric smell to it . The first few times you wear it , you will notice the scent all day but eventually your sense of smell becomes accustomed to it and you do not notice you are wearing it until people , throughout the day , lean in to inhale the air around you and compliment on how wonderful you smell.I am a guy . What do I know about colognes ? What I do know is the woman is always right . My wife picks this out , says it is perfect for a man to wear , so she must be right.Who am I to argue with logic like that ?
 - This cologne has a lemonade like fruity + citric smell . It also has a subdued sweet smell that blends into your natural body scent . Although this cologne is not a woody type of cologne , it can fit with the fresh nature and leaves other an impression of you as a light-hearted and gently outgoing person . This cologne will be perfect for younger people in age of late 10 's to mid-late 20 's . I 'll recommend this product especially to college frosh . It will leave others good impressions of you !
 Used these in my hair for my wedding and they were beautiful !! Very durable as well .
 I bought the turquoise mascara and it makes my lashes SUPER long and defined , it 's crazy . Much better than my Maybelline Falsies mascara.I 'm thinking of buying the Noir mascara as well .
 I 've been buying lancome products for years and this is as excellent as the rest of them ! Very happy . And it 's true to the color shown , very bright .
 To begin with , I 'm not one who wears make-up but the aging process is catching up with me . I ordered L'Oreal Paris Visible Lift Line-Minimizing and Tone-Enhancing Makeup , for Normal/Dry Skin , Sand Beige , 1.25-Fluid Ounce by hulagirl too ! -LRB- seller profile -RRB- . I thought the product was a tad bit light but I put it on and put a darker color on checks . I went out for an appointment & forgot I had it on but received nice compliments about my face . I was impressed ! The price I paid - $ 7.34 was really nice and it included delivery . I 'm sold !
 L'Oreal Paris Visible Lift Line-Minimizing and Tone-Enhancing Makeup , Normal/Dry Skin , Pale , 1.25-Fluid Ounce IS just what I use and at this price I ordered 6 , no kidding !!
 What a great deal ! I saw this just a couple dollars so I decided to give it a try and I am so pleased . I have terrible acne and scarring and I 've always had to use concealer , a cream foundation , AND a powder foundation to cover it . I 'm very pale so needless to say I often looked orange . This is not orangey at all and the coverage is incredible . The lightest tone matches my skin perfectly , which has been impossible for me to find . Best of all , my skin feels clean , soft , and smooth . It does n't seem to be making my acne worse , unlike just about every other product I have tried since I was 12 . The one drawback is the bottle
 I use L'Oreal Paris products on a daily basis . I find that they are consistently good quality products without the department store prices .
 The foundation really does cover well and matched with the line minimizing powder , they cover the lines well . I am allergic to many products and this one makes my skin feel good .
 I have priced everywhere for makeup . I love L'Oreal products . I guessed on the color and it is perfect . I would recommend this to anyone . Hard part is choosing the shade . Received it before the due date .
 I use this foundation everyday , my skin is n't the best in the world but i find it covers my blemishes really well , i use shade no 14 soft ivory its a lovley light colour that matches my skin tone really well , with my skin it tends to get a bit shiney towards the end of the day , but other than that its a fantastic foundation.i buy it everytime i need more foundation .
 I am always searching for a foundation suited for my olive skintone . This color was perfect in caramel beige and for my type of skin , Dry with oily t zone . I was so shock to find a foundation which covers minimizes my discoloration on my cheeks and makes my skin look so much better . I was so happy ordered several more for not to run out . Thank you Amazon for carrying this product.The product is medium coverage , applied it in sections and do n't need that much , this gives a better coverage to your face . Please use a light hand on application . I notice some women like to rub in their foundation like lotion . A big no , no.Thank you , Native Rose
 I am very , very particular about my makeup . My roommate got me this eyeshadow for Christmas a few years ago . It lasted forever and looked really pretty . I wear it almost every day . The shimmer is really nice and the color is great ; I have blue eyes and fair skin and it was perfect to use as a base or just alone on days when I did n't feel like blending , but just wanted to put something on and go . This is maybe the best eye shadow I have ever had . Maybe the item did n't come on time for other people , but that has nothing to do with the actual item , which is amazing .
 I am reviewing Mac 's single pan eyeshadow in the color `` Retrospeck '' . I bought this several years ago and recently rediscovered it in an old makeup bag -LRB- for shame , I know -RRB- . You 're supposed to chuck old makeup after a few months but that 's so wasteful , you know ? This is a `` frost '' which basically means it shimmers and shines like nobodies business but not in a tacky `` look at me '' kind of way . I am a sucker for shimmery neutrals and this is one of the best . The formula works best over a primer and as a wash of color all over the lid for a pretty daytime look . The pigmentation is good , it only takes me a swipe or two to cover the entire lid . It will last all day on my oily lids over a good primer without creasing , without primer it lasts me a good 8 hours . As I said , this one was buried and unearthed after at least two years and it wears like it 's brand new . It goes on easy , with no fallout and is n't crumbly after all this time . Highly recommended .
 I was pleased that it went on so well without clumping . It coated , thickened and lengthened quite easily , although I ca n't tell that it curled them any more than any other mascara does . My eyelashes are notoriously stubborn so it probably works better on someone with softer lashes . I like this better than my current mascara , which clumps . There always seemed to be two types of mascara
 I have curly frizzy hair and I have tried many , many , many shampoos that say they will eliminate the frizz but they did not work on my hair , but Bouncy Cleanse really works . My hair is not frizzy and it is soft and manageable . I love this shampoo !
 I purchased the ISO Bouncy Cleanse and the ISO Bouncy Conditioner on Amazon.com on one of my `` hunts for the perfect shampoo '' for my thick , shoulder length , curly-wavy hair . As most curly heads know , it 's hard to find a good shampoo and that 's been my problem , finding a shampoo and conditioner that will cleanse my hair and give it the bounce and shine I like.So far , so good ! I 've been using these products for a bit of time and have noticed my hair feels better and has a shine that I have n't seen for a long time . The price on Amazon is a winner as well . Amazon , please keep selling these ISO products!We also have hard water . The ISO seems to clean out the minerals and enable my hair to finally have a shine and manageability for my curly locks.I 'm hoping the results will continue . I always hesitate to give good reviews after only using a product a limited amount of time , but this shampoo has been exceptional . That 's why I 'm giving it a five star rating and I definitely would recommend this product to my friends , curly or not !
 This shampoo smells divine and seems gentle enough to use frequently . It 's a very good deal price wise , too . I have thick wavy / curly hair , and have been receiving a lot of complements since I started using the shampoo and conditioner and allowing my hair to air dry and just do its thing .
 This is a great product I have only recently started using . In combination with bouncy cream my curly hair is manageable . I would highly recomend to anyone with curly/frizzy hair is great .
 I love using this product , it always arrives on time and is a product which stands up to it 's name .
 The ISO &#34; Bouncy &#34; hair care products are GREAT - my curls have never been happier ! Highly recommended for natural curls .
 the shampoo is great for moisturizing dry curly hair . it helps shape the curls too . leaves my hair feeling clean but also moisturized .
 Love this product and just started using the cleanser . Have ordered my second bottle , this time for colored treated hair .
 Another product that my wife uses exclusively . Lathers well and rinses out nicly . Leaves hair squeky clean and ready to condition
 The Iso Bouncy Cleanse shampoo and conditioner is AMAZING for curly hair , at least for my hair type . For further details of the results of these products , I actually have pretty thin hair but LOTS and LOTS of it . My curl type is an S-curl but if I want to get more ringlets I use this shampoo and conditioner and it really makes my hair spring up ! It 's beautiful ! To complete my look though I use Samy mouse and curl creme , which suprisingly because I do n't really like their shampoo and conditioner for curly hair but the mouse and creme work wonders for my hair , to give it a little more curl too . Love this shampoo and conditioner . Everytime I get it I use it sparingly and only on special occasions lol .
 I have long -LRB- shoulder blade -RRB- , very thick , wavy/curly , often frizzy hair . I had been using a boar 's bristle brush I purchased for $ 40.00 at Sephora . I bought this brush at Target because it was the largest diameter I could find . Wow . WOW ! It made a huge difference in my blow out . I was able to take my hair and make it smooth and remarkably shiny in 45 minutes ... the same time a stylist usually takes . Note
 I have always had problems with soft bristle brushes actually grabbing my hair . This brush does a nice job of grabbing hair with little effort and makes styling it so much easier . I also bought an ionic hair dryer and I am amazed at the results !
 I wish I had bought this on Amazon at the current price of $ 8 , but it was well worth the $ 13 I spent on it . I have never used such a big brush , but my hairdresser does . My hair dried so fast and look great -LRB- when used in conjunction with a hair blow dryer -RRB-
 This is no ordinary brush ! I have always had curly , frizzy hair , and I thought that the only way to tame it was curling irons or steam rollers . Tedious and time consuming . Now , with this ceramic brush , I have smooth straight hair in the time it takes to blow dry . I love it !! My hair feels so silky and lots of bounce , too .
 I bought this brush because I wanted to create volume in my poker-straight hair . I use it with a volumizing spray from Rusk and my hair dryer and I have been THRILLED with the results ! It definitely takes more time to do my hair this way , but when I 'm done my hair is smooth , shiny , and has great shape and volume .
 This is an amazing product . Buy it ! For under $ 10 , it leaves my hair shinier , fuller , and very bouncy -LRB- perfect for the wavy trend right now -RRB- . I 've had no trouble with it getting caught in my hair or anything . It 's become indispensable to me and , in fact , I 'm purchasing a second one right now to leave in my gym bag.Oh , and for reference , I have fairly thick , layered hair that falls about two inches below my shoulders . But I think this brush will work well on any type of hair except really short hair .
 I love this item . It helps my hair detangle and remain this way . I would recommend this brush .
 I bought this brush a while back when I had really long hair . It was a wonderful brush and made my often frizzy hair beautiful , shiny and full of body . When I cut my hair short I thought I might have to find a new brush , but that has not been the case . It 's chin length now and every time I use this brush people stop me and tell me how great my hair looks . I 'm so bummed because I left it at the gym a few days ago and it 's not in the lost and found . I 've bought two brushes so far and none has even come close .
 I purchased this brush at my local Target . I have mid-length , not quite to shoulder , thick , coarse , wavy hair . This brush works like a charm to straighten it while I blow it out . It has NEVER gotten tangled in my hair . I did n't realize how much difference the right brush would make in styling ease and results until now . I have always loved the results I got at the salon but never could do it myself nearly as well , until now . The only reason I gave this 4 stars is that every time I use , some of the boar bristles fall out and land in the sink and on the floor .
 This brush greatly reduces drying time when using a blow-dryer , while reducing static build up which can result from blow drying . It makes hair smoother and can also help straighten it without needing to use a straightening iron . The brush is well made and it seems like it will last for years.Very satisfied with it , and would buy another in the future .
 I have shoulder length , naturally wavy hair , but it looks much better when I blow dry it straight . I 'm not a fan of straightening irons , and I recently got my hair cut with lots of layers . I have a round metal brush , but my hair is very thick and blow drying took forever . I decided to try this brush because I have heard good things about ceramic brushes . And . . WOW ! My blow dry time was cut in half , at least , and it did an amazing job of straightening my hair . Very VERY happy with this brush .
 Ever since hearing a lot of hype about how boar 's bristle brushes are better for your hair , I 've been looking for a good quality one to handle my shoulder-length hair . Upon receiving this brush , I was moderately surprised at how wide the brush was -- however , it works really well even for shoulder-length hair . The bristles do n't fall out easily like what I 've seen from some boar 's bristle brushes , and the hollow center allows for faster hair drying . Also , it de-tangles amazingly well ! It 's the only brush that gets rid of my bed-head very well without needing to re-wash my hair . The only con is that it does n't quite curl in my hair as well as I 'd like .
 I have shoulder-length naturally curly THICK hair . These are the only brushes I can use to straighten my hair without `` pulling my hair out '' . I started styling with one brush and now do my entire head of hair with four of these brushes . Best I 've ever used .
 My hair dried pretty fast , but I ca n't say that it 's because of the claims made about the brush , I think I just have a good blowdryer . All-in-all , it was convenient to use and did the job . It 's also a good size for shoulder-length hair . It did n't get tangled in my hair and made drying my hair go by quicker due to the ease of manuevering the brush .
 I have used this for years and now they have discontinued it :-LRB- -LRB- The oily skin version -RRB- . I used to have problems with zits -LRB- lol -RRB- however when I started using this -LRB- and ONLY this , surprisingly enough -RRB- . . I stopped having any problems . It does n't rob my skin of oil like some might think and it makes my face feel tingly clean . When I stop using it after a few days I can tell because my face starts breaking out again.This is a Must Have for my medicine cabinet and I suggest you buy it here before it 's unavailable everywhere . I can not recommend this product enough.SEA BREEZE ... please bring this back !! lol
 I have used this product for years . Just ran out of the stash I purchased a few years ago and now I 'm struggling to find more . I do n't know why it was discontinued but it 's the only product that works on my face . My grandmother used it , my mother used it and now I use it . It tingles which is how I know it 's working , and the other versions of this product do n't work for me . Just the Oily Skin type.Please bring this type back !!!
 I have been using Seabreeze oily skin astringent for many years . It is the only astringent that is gentle to my sensitive skin . Other astringents are drying and irritating . I recommend Seabreeze astringents to all skin types .
 I am almost 40 & I still have oily skin like I did when I was younger.I have been using Sea Breeze for Oily Skin since it first came out & it really helps to keep the oil at bay , especially during the hot summer months . For some reason , I have not been able to find Sea Breeze for Oily Skin in the local stores for the past year or two . I am so glad that I googled it & found that this company sells it online on Amazon.com . Please keep selling Sea Breeze for Oily Skin because this is the only place that I know of where you can still buy it & I will definitely buy more !
 I have used this product for years and it is the ONLY one that works for me . It gets rid of the dirt and oil from your face and leaves your skin feeling fresh and clean . Can not do without this one !
 This is the scent , I wore it for my wedding ... it is so light and romantic , just perfect . I was married in 2001 and still weat it . My husband loves it too . I hate floral scents and usually like warmer , musky , vanilla scents but this clean light fragrance is one I ca n't stay away from . I always choose it over my other fragrances . I really love the spray .
 I really like these original fragances from Victoria Secret 's . I tried purchasing some lotions at Victoria Secret 's , and I noticed the smell is very different . I was told it was just a new look , but same recipe . That is not true . I have been wearing This product for many years , and believe me , it is not the same . They should go back to the original stuff . Im glad I found it here on Amazon .
 This is a really lovely product it is very nourishing for your skin aswell as smelling divine !
 I purchased the first and second bottle of this perfume from a store in 1996 . I have been on the hunt for this perfume since and used to ask at every international Airport that we visited . Amazingly , my persistence paid off and I was pleasantly surprised to find this on Amazon.com . I have to say that I was a bit skeptical when I initially saw this on Amazon but decided to try it anyways , and am happy to have it.The perfume has a unique blend of freshness and is on the milder side , which is what I like . I can not compare it to anything that I know but it seems to be a combination of citrus and spices which makes it unique . I am no expert on perfumes but I can assure you that you will not be disappointed by this perfume .
 This is a great product by L'Oreal but too bad it is no longer available in Forest green . It glides on smoothly and stays all day and is also easily washed off at night . Highly recommended .
 I was so glad I was able to find this lip liner again . It does not feel greasy and stays on all day long . It is the best lip liner I have ever used .
 This stuff works great on the kids -LRB- 1 & 3 -RRB- . No complaints . However , I will say that you can get these 8 oz . bottles at Walmart for $ 7.87 ea . which makes this more expensive . Better still , for like $ 9.20 at a Sam 's Club you can get a 12 ox . bottle .
 My son has really sensitive skin . I use this on his body and face and he does n't have any issues . The other spray types gave him a rash . I generally do not use any sunscreen on his funds unless it 's made for the face . I use a spray product by Paula 's Choice that is awesome .
 We have used this sunscreen on our son since he was born . Other than the occasional eye sting , it 's been wonderful . We recently purchased Banana Boat Baby sunscreen since it 's advertised as being tear-free . It is definitely tear-free ... however , my son -LRB- and I -RRB- got badly sunburned today after only two hours in the sun . This has never happened with Water Babies ... we wo n't make that mistake again .
 I love the way it goes onI would buy it again no problemgoes nice with Mauve Amour color lipstick
 My sister swears by this product and has been heartbroken that L'Oreal has changed the product and discontinued her color . I was happy to find this on Amazon so I could buy her a little present .
 As always , as soon as I find a lip color I like , it becomes discountinued . This is my favorite lip liner , and the best color for me . Not too brown , not too light . I wish I could still get it in stores , but as it is discontinued , I purchased several on line , and hopefully will still be able to do so when I am out again .
 I have tried several expensive brands of dandruff shampoo , even prescription brands , without any positive results . Therapro worked on the very first shampoo . My scalp feels so much better and my hair feels clean and moisturized . This stuff is great !! Many thanks to Therapro !
 this is good for the scalp with itching . works great and good for the hair . Still have plenty of body .
 I know the quality of Max Factor . It really helps to strech and seperate as advertised . The only thing I did not like , it is a bit dry mascara and take some time to use it .
 I first bought this product at Stein Mart but they no longer carry it . The fragrance is gentle and the container is decorative -LRB- if it suits your decor -RRB- . This is the second time I have ordered the product on line .
 always a big fan of VS Love Spell . Ran out of lotion so ordered more . As described ad awesome . Would recommend .
 This one is sweet , fruity fresh . This range is very rich and moisturizing . It stays on you till the end of the day . The smell lingers on you and the room for quite a while . Lovely .
 I have used L'Oreal Voluminous in soft black for years and years . I have tried other mascaras and go back to it . I recently tried the water-proof formula and like it but prefer the non-water-proof . This mascara actually makes it look like I have long lashes and darkens them up . However , I have not used this mascara yet from this seller so I hope it is fine and not dried out like the other review stated . As for the mascara itself , I love it . It came shipped fine .
 This is one of Victoria Secret 's best scents . It is the only scent my mother-in-law will wear and yet it seems to be unavailable through Victoria Secret at this point . I was grateful Amazon had some seller 's still carrying it . Sweet and clean smelling ... I highly recommend this lotion .
 This was always my favorite scent . I was extremely disappointed when it was discontinued . Personally , I think it smells like cotton candy . The scent is almost intoxicating . Glad I found a place where I can still buy it .
 Victoria Secret is Victoria Secret . It 's just my favorite smell . It makes skin smouth and keep fragrance for a long time .
 I really liked this mascara . I had never tried it before . No Clumps !
 The L'Oreal Voluminous Mascara is nice and creamy . It goes on nicely . It does n't flake and does n't clog my lashes -- but gives a thick look . It does n't make my lashes brittle and it comes off easily . I really liked it . I would definitely recommend this product to my friends and family .
 This mascara performed better than many I 've tried in the past . I can honestly say that in three strokes , my eyelashes tripled in volume . I will positively purchase this product again .
 Yes , I liked this mascara . The color came out thick and evenly , no clumps . It stayed on all day without smudges . Cleanup was easy . It washed off with no problem . The mascara wand was large and easy to handle .
 It 's a great mascara . I like that it does n't clump when you apply it . It does make your lashes look thicker . There are several shades to choose from . It 's a little more expensive than my regular mascara , but worth the expense . I 'd purchase this mascara next time .
 Overall , I liked the L'Oreal Voluminous Mascara and I would recommend the product to a friend . It made my lashes look thicker and fuller . However , I would n't say that it lived up to the advertised claim of lashes that are '' `` three times thicker and fuller . '' '' I appreciated that the mascara lasted and did n't smug during my aerobics workouts . I did n't like how the mascara clumped on the end of the brush when I removed it from the bottle .
 I really liked this product . It did n't clump , but was a little thick . The mascara is easily removed . I would recommend this product to family and friends .
 I really like this mascara . It goes on well and does n't flake off . It makes my eyelashes look thicker . It 's definitely a product that I 'd buy .
 This is a great drugstore mascara ! My lashes definitely look fuller when I wear this . I 've only rarely had this mascara flake on me , and I have n't had it `` melt '' and leave black under my eyes . The mascara does n't clump , although it does make my lashes stick together a bit . It 's pretty easy to separate them , though . My only other complaint is the brush is bigger than the standard mascara size . I often forget this and end up with mascara on my eyelids . Still , I prefer this mascara to Great Lash and LashBlast , and I ca n't wait to try the waterproof version .
 I just love this mascara ! My eyelashes just look so long and thick with this stuff - much better than Clinique which just is too pricey and bleeds all over my eyes . This stuff does n't flake off into my contacts , something that is definitely an issue with me , it stays on all day without bleeding , and the price is just right . I 'm really happy with it and am quite glad to find something that does n't cost over $ 15 like the Clinique products do . I just do n't think it 's worth all that .
 The formula is really nice , goes on smooth , not clumpy . It does n't really make my lashes much thicker but they look longer . It works as well as my usual brand , which I 've used and loved for years . The only thing I did n't like is the brush . It seems to be a little too big and bulky . I find that I get better control with a smaller brush , which is important when you have thin lashes . On the other hand , my sixteen-year-old daughter used this product too and loves everything about it including the brush .
 I liked this mascara . The larger-than-usual brush does a nice job of lengthening and separating lashes . I found it to be a bit cumbersome with tight spots and shorter lashes , but controllable . It lasted through most of the day and did not smudge or run . Removal was also easy . Overall , I liked this product and would buy it again .
 I have used many different types of mascara over the years . Up till now , my favorite was Great Lash . This product was terrific . It worked all day and stayed on very well . I would recommend it to all who need fabulous mascara that wears all day , but comes off easily with soap and water .
 I wear contacts and it 's hard to find mascara and other eye make-up that does n't irritate my eyes . The L'Oreal mascara that I test drove was wonderful . It did not irritate my eyes in the least -- even though I 've been wearing my contacts longer hours these days . I also have non-existent eyelashes so I was delighted that this mascara made my lashes very noticeable without being obvious that I was wearing make-up at all .
 I love this product - hard to find in stores these day , thanks ! The packaging was a bit banged up but product is fine .
 I have been using the same mascara for YEARS , and without warning ... I could no longer find it in ANY store . I looked everywhere . Ordering online was simple , quick , and cheaper than running around looking for a product that is no longer on the shelves . I WILL order again !
 I had been trying to find this product everywhere . This is my favorite mascara and the places I used to get it no longer sell it . It is the only mascara I have used that keeps my lashes curled and looking fresh all day . THANK YOU!Mari
 Will only use this mascara . Only one that will keep my eyelashes curled . Thank you for having it in stock . Can not seem to find anywhere in stores .
 After trying many different brands over the years , this is the only mascara that I like . Unfortunately , it appears that L'Oreal is discontinuing it because I can not find it at the stores where I usually purchase the mascara . I 'll keep ordering it from Amazon until the supply is depleted , then I 'll be in a fix . This mascara has been outstanding over the years . It is indeed waterproof and does n't flake all over my face even when working outside in 100 degree plus weather . The price was a little higher than I normally pay , but well worth it .
 I have used this mascara for years . The waterproof black does not cause my curled lashes to droop and uncurl . It stays on yet is not that difficult to remove at the end of the day . I have since tried several other L'Oreal mascaras and they are not the same . WHY WHY WHY did they discontinue this product ??!!! It was GREAT !
 I love this mascara ! I have n't been able to find it anywhere . Has anyone contacted Loreal about this ? I will order it through Amazon , if that 's the case .
 I ca n't find this product anymore and have used it for years . I looked on the L'Oreal website site and found I could buy it on Amazon . The price on their website was 6.99 . However , when I went to Amazon , it was over 11.00 . What 's with that?I ordered it because I ca n't get it anywhere else but I really do n't like the bait and switch technique .
 Have been wearing this mascara for over 20 years as it is the perfect one for those of us with contacts .
 Mascara is an essential part of my makeup routine , and after many years of searching for the best one , this is it . It maximizes my lashes with beautiful , natural results . The applicator brush is perfect to get every lash ; the consistency of the mascara is never thin , but smoothly substantial . I 've used this mascara for many years , occasionally trying others but I 've always returned to this specific one . I love it !
 Apparently this product has been discontinued so I bought 5 of these . I can not find a replacement that I like as well as this . What I like the most is the brush . I was glad to find this on your site as I have looked all over for this product . Thank you .
 This mascara is truly great . The teddy bear brush helps it go on smoothly and lengthen my lashes plus the product does not get goopy or flake off . I always use waterproof mascara because otherwise I get `` shadows '' under my eyes at the end of the day . I 'm so excited to see that Amazon carries this product because none of the stores seem to carry it any more . Time to stock up !
 I 've used this for 10 years . You ca n't cry it off and it never runs or smears . Every time someone borrows my mascara then they start using it too . However you ca n't find it in the stores any more .
 It seems when a good product comes along and then mysteriously disappears from store shelves that the company that manufactures the stuff is n't in tune with the customer . From reading other buyers ratings it appears they made a mistake by pulling it from stores . But Amazon to the rescue . Thank you for providing me with a source once again .
 It is the best Mascara ever and I have used it for years and years and now it is discontinued : - -LRB-
 I was using this product consistently for a few weeks with no signs of improvement . But I kept on with determination ! I stopped keeping track of the days of use but somewhere along the way my varicose veins disappeared ! I 've been using a dab of cream after each shower for probably 2 or 3 months now . Try it ! Cheap alternative to the laser treatments .
 I 've used so many pencil and liquid liners but this one is by far my favorite.It has a nail polish brush which is not easy to use at first but with some practice , you can produce the thinnest or thickest lines with precision . The carbon black color is very intense and really makes a difference if you are going for a dramatic look.Even if I put this on early in the morning , work all day and dance all night - it does n't smudge ! I take it off very easily with any cleansing product or makeup remover towelette.Can ' t say enough good things about this . Great price , great product . I hope they never stop making it !
 love this liner . It does n't get clumpy . I use this every day and it lasts longer than other brands i have tried .
 I really like this eyeliner and could not find it in brown . I am glad to have it in brown finally .
 This product does exactly what you think it does . Draws a fine line in a mighty pleasing fashion and does not clump . I praise this product to all my friends .
 This is the smoothest , easily applicable liquid liner out on market . The brush tip allows for great control and line thickness , unlike felt-tip applicators . The formula glides on smoothly and has rich color to it . It 's definitely a must have for your makeup bag .
 i 've always used this eyeliner because it draws a thin line and lasts a long time . I 'm happy with my purchase and was glad to find it on Amazon .
 Do n't take away my preferred brush-tip eyeliner . I find pencils or felt-tip eyeliners are not for me . This type goes on easily , sometimes I have to wipe a little off the brush beforehand . Ca n't find the this nice dark brown in the stores , so I was very happy to find it online . Buy a couple at a time and the P&H is n't so bad .
 I really like this mascara . It goes on well and does n't flake off . It makes my eyelashes look thicker . It 's definitely a product that I 'd buy .
 This is a great drugstore mascara ! My lashes definitely look fuller when I wear this . I 've only rarely had this mascara flake on me , and I have n't had it `` melt '' and leave black under my eyes . The mascara does n't clump , although it does make my lashes stick together a bit . It 's pretty easy to separate them , though . My only other complaint is the brush is bigger than the standard mascara size . I often forget this and end up with mascara on my eyelids . Still , I prefer this mascara to Great Lash and LashBlast , and I ca n't wait to try the waterproof version .
 I just love this mascara ! My eyelashes just look so long and thick with this stuff - much better than Clinique which just is too pricey and bleeds all over my eyes . This stuff does n't flake off into my contacts , something that is definitely an issue with me , it stays on all day without bleeding , and the price is just right . I 'm really happy with it and am quite glad to find something that does n't cost over $ 15 like the Clinique products do . I just do n't think it 's worth all that .
 The formula is really nice , goes on smooth , not clumpy . It does n't really make my lashes much thicker but they look longer . It works as well as my usual brand , which I 've used and loved for years . The only thing I did n't like is the brush . It seems to be a little too big and bulky . I find that I get better control with a smaller brush , which is important when you have thin lashes . On the other hand , my sixteen-year-old daughter used this product too and loves everything about it including the brush .
 I liked this mascara . The larger-than-usual brush does a nice job of lengthening and separating lashes . I found it to be a bit cumbersome with tight spots and shorter lashes , but controllable . It lasted through most of the day and did not smudge or run . Removal was also easy . Overall , I liked this product and would buy it again .
 I have used many different types of mascara over the years . Up till now , my favorite was Great Lash . This product was terrific . It worked all day and stayed on very well . I would recommend it to all who need fabulous mascara that wears all day , but comes off easily with soap and water .
 I wear contacts and it 's hard to find mascara and other eye make-up that does n't irritate my eyes . The L'Oreal mascara that I test drove was wonderful . It did not irritate my eyes in the least -- even though I 've been wearing my contacts longer hours these days . I also have non-existent eyelashes so I was delighted that this mascara made my lashes very noticeable without being obvious that I was wearing make-up at all .
 I really liked this mascara . I had never tried it before . No Clumps !
 The L'Oreal Voluminous Mascara is nice and creamy . It goes on nicely . It does n't flake and does n't clog my lashes -- but gives a thick look . It does n't make my lashes brittle and it comes off easily . I really liked it . I would definitely recommend this product to my friends and family .
 This mascara performed better than many I 've tried in the past . I can honestly say that in three strokes , my eyelashes tripled in volume . I will positively purchase this product again .
 Yes , I liked this mascara . The color came out thick and evenly , no clumps . It stayed on all day without smudges . Cleanup was easy . It washed off with no problem . The mascara wand was large and easy to handle .
 It 's a great mascara . I like that it does n't clump when you apply it . It does make your lashes look thicker . There are several shades to choose from . It 's a little more expensive than my regular mascara , but worth the expense . I 'd purchase this mascara next time .
 Overall , I liked the L'Oreal Voluminous Mascara and I would recommend the product to a friend . It made my lashes look thicker and fuller . However , I would n't say that it lived up to the advertised claim of lashes that are '' `` three times thicker and fuller . '' '' I appreciated that the mascara lasted and did n't smug during my aerobics workouts . I did n't like how the mascara clumped on the end of the brush when I removed it from the bottle .
 I really liked this product . It did n't clump , but was a little thick . The mascara is easily removed . I would recommend this product to family and friends .
 I have used many , many kinds of mascara , both drug store brands as well as department store brands . Of ALL of the mascaras that I have tried in my life , -LRB- which is about 20 years now , & I am a makeup `` junky '' -RRB- , the best mascaras that I have used & always stick to or go back to are
 I was so sad when L'Oreal discontinued this product . It has left me with no replacement . The other options they sell do not work as a replacement . I wish they would bring it back , 115 .
 I have always loved this product and you ca n't find it in stores anymore . It does n't clump and is easy to wash off with soap and water .
 This is a really Great product . Especially if you have very wimpy lashesToo bad it 's been discontinued.Meets all my needs and expectations .
 I have used this mascara since I was in high school , and with all of the other lengthening mascaras that have come out in the last 15 years , Lash Out is still my favorite .
 I have used this mascara for years . People comment on my lashes and ask me what I use . The brush curls my lashes . It does n't clump , goes on smooth . Hope they never stop making it !
 I have been using this mascara for more than 20 years and now I ca n't find it in any stores . I was very relieved to find it on Amazon and for a great price . It is one of the few mascaras that really works to lengthen your lashes , rather than to just thicken them . If you want long lashes then this is the way to go . I also have a sensitivity to many mascaras and I am not bothered by this one at all
 Revlon 's Berry Rich Super Lustrous lipstick is one of my favorite lipsticksas it can be worn with almost anything , does n't look to bold or to colorfuland I wear it Everyday !!!
 I ca n't find my favorite shade any any drug store so I am so happy to be able to order it online .
 my mother in law was looking for this color and was so glad to find it and loved the price , too
 For years my favorite mascara was Maybelline Great Lash but I tried this mascara and found a new favorite ! The L'Oreal brush is nicer and gives you more coverage and I could visibly see the difference in how my lashes looked . My lashes curled up nicely and I could see that they looked prettier , fuller and longer with this mascara then the Maybelline Great Lash . Maybelline is still a great mascara but this L'Oreal mascara is the one for me from now on . It 's fantastic !
 I have used this mascara brand for 10-plus years and it is still my favorite . I have tried others , but keep coming back to the Lash Out mascara . I like how it looks and it washes off easily . It stays on well also . I will be really sad if I have to find a new mascara . Keep making this one , L'Oreal !
 I have used this product for years . I keep trying other mascara types but I keep coming back to this product over and over .
 Very little of the mascara is needed for amazing lashes . :D Would definitely recommend to any of my pals it works great .
 This is the only mascara that stays on all day , but comes off easily at night . I 've tried expensive mascaras but nothing compares to this one .
 i 've used this mascara for years . i get complements on my lashes , lengthens them quite a bit . I like the brown/black color but have n't seen it for a while , but black is good too .
 ALWAYS HAS BEEN THE BEST EYE PRODUCT FOR ME . SMOOTH , CLEAN , AND NON ALLERGENIC.WISH I COULD AFFORD MORE OF IT NOW .
 I 've used so many pencil and liquid liners but this one is by far my favorite.It has a nail polish brush which is not easy to use at first but with some practice , you can produce the thinnest or thickest lines with precision . The carbon black color is very intense and really makes a difference if you are going for a dramatic look.Even if I put this on early in the morning , work all day and dance all night - it does n't smudge ! I take it off very easily with any cleansing product or makeup remover towelette.Can ' t say enough good things about this . Great price , great product . I hope they never stop making it !
 love this liner . It does n't get clumpy . I use this every day and it lasts longer than other brands i have tried .
 I really like this eyeliner and could not find it in brown . I am glad to have it in brown finally .
 This product does exactly what you think it does . Draws a fine line in a mighty pleasing fashion and does not clump . I praise this product to all my friends .
 This is the smoothest , easily applicable liquid liner out on market . The brush tip allows for great control and line thickness , unlike felt-tip applicators . The formula glides on smoothly and has rich color to it . It 's definitely a must have for your makeup bag .
 i 've always used this eyeliner because it draws a thin line and lasts a long time . I 'm happy with my purchase and was glad to find it on Amazon .
 Do n't take away my preferred brush-tip eyeliner . I find pencils or felt-tip eyeliners are not for me . This type goes on easily , sometimes I have to wipe a little off the brush beforehand . Ca n't find the this nice dark brown in the stores , so I was very happy to find it online . Buy a couple at a time and the P&H is n't so bad .
 The Loreal Waterproof Lashout mascara is the best mascara around . I have been using it since I graduated from College -LRB- over 20 years ago-And for the record I was working as an assistant manager for the cosmetic department of a major department store at the time . Believe me I have tried many mascaras . -RRB- 1 -RRB- It does not cause eye irritation or inflammation -LRB- although one friend did have a reaction-unusual -RRB- , 2 -RRB- it cleans off easily with Almay gentle gel or wipe away makeup remover , 3 -RRB- the quick drying formula is great if you curl your lashes -LRB- other products are so wet they tend to straighten my already curled lashes -RRB- . I hate having to re-curl lashes once mascara has been applied . It 's bad for your lashes too . 4 -RRB- Lashout is truly waterproof . I have allergies and my eyes tend to water easily . I never have to worry about black smudges under my eyes and can swim for hours without a problem . 5 -RRB- The brown black -LRB- which is my preference -RRB- is dark enough to really stand out without looking garish or unnatural . It goes on smooth without clumps . I tend to reapply a second time to give my lashes extra thickness . Be sure not to pump your applicator however , this puts air into the tube and hardens the mascara much faster -LRB- true for most mascaras -RRB- . It will get thicker and lumpier if you do that . All that is needed to add mascara to the applicator is to push in and turn , then pull out . Also do not store near heat or cold , this will affect application -LRB- e.g. , too thick or too thin -RRB- . I have turned to Amazon to get my favorite because the black-brown is always sold out at my local stores . I hope that it is not being discontinued .
 I 've loved this mascara for over 20 years - back when the tube was maroon . Usually a mascara either lengthens or thickens but this does both . It removes easily too and since I sometimes work in rain and misters , I can say that it has never left my lashes . I wish L'Oreal would make a true brown though . Black/brown is just a little too black .
 I 've been using this Lash-out waterproof mascara forever . It does n't compare to the rest . I think the bristles are firmer which allows better grasping & coating . I noticed that the stores are n't carrying it anymore ... was utterly disappointed about that . So glad to purchase this on Amazon .
 I was so happy to see Amazon had this item in stock as it seems stores are n't carrying the product anymore . Completely satisfied with transaction .
 I have used L'Oreal mascara for many years and have tried others but I always come back to my favorite .
 I 've tried many mascaras -- but this is THE BEST ! It never runs and lasts all day and then some . I recommend it highly !
 I have been using L'Oreal 's Lash-Out Waterproof -LRB- same company that makes Lancome products -RRB- for years , it is the best mascara out there . I have heard that it is every bit as good as the Lancome water proof mascara , but I have no personal experience on that.I have tried other mascaras since L'Oreal changed the Lash-Out Waterproof formula a few years ago -LRB- when everyone was switching cheaper ingredients to max-out their profits -RRB- , but I always come back because it is still the best . I have heard on-line that it is being discontinued , but I hope that is n't the case.LISTEN UP LANCOME!Just for the record ... Not Even Considering Lancome ; after all , if Toyota Corp made all of their Toyotas turn into a pile of dust when they hit 20,000 miles no one would reward them by buying a Lexus .
 I have been using this product for a couple of years . I love the product but have been unable to find the color Sage in the store . I am very thankful to be able to order it from amazon.com .
 This eye liner by L'Oreal -LRB- actually the whole line of &#34; Le Grand Kohl &#34; -RRB- is soft and goes on very smoothly ! It is also very true to color as to what it is labeled on the box ! I have n't noticed any smudging at the end of the day , which I 've had with other more expensive pencils ! I just wish L'Oreal would come back with their &#34; Le Plum &#34; color in this collection , because it was by far the best ! This is a very beautiful color as well if you are going for the &#34; Black Sable &#34; look .
 Excellent soft eye pencils . They go on smooth and hold the color all day . The work better than the more expensive products
 I love Loreal Kohl pencils and it made me sad they I could n't find them in the stores anymore ... thank goodness for amazon ! They apply in a very smooth fashion , none of the skipping that you see with some of the cheaper pencils that leave messy lines and gaps .
 I love this eye liner . I bought it a couple of years ago and can not find it locally . I was very happy when I found it on Amazon.com .
 I got a fast response on this item and the product was well-packed . Happy to deal with this vendor again
 it is so hard to find a decent shade of purple - often , they 'll look alright but end up having too much red pigment or do n't go on as darkly as they appear ... but this one is the perfect shade of purple - it 's not too red or too blue , just a nice dark mulberry color -LRB- which is something that i 've been looking for , for a very long time ! -RRB- ... i 'm so happy to have finally found a `` true '' color purple eye pencil ... and it 's made in germany -LRB- just like my other favorite brand of khol pencils ! -RRB- ... the only drawback , is that they 're packaged as being a `` soft '' liner - but it could use to be a little softer or a tad bit oilier -LRB- maybe heating it up , would help ? -RRB-
 Although I 'm not very big into make-up , I found this liner very soft and subtle . The color stayed on all evening and did n't smudge . The pencil sharpened well and overall , I 'd have to say this product was great and I 'd definitely recommend it to family and friends .
 Overall , it 's a good product . It 's very soft and easy to apply . Also easy to wash off . I 'd recommend it to my friends and family to try .
 Nice product ! Easy to apply and easy to wash off . The pencil is very soft compared to other eyeliners and is very gentle on the eyes . I 'd highly recommend it to my friends and relatives .
 I 'm very impressed with this product . It has almost the same quality as the expensive stuff I got from the department store . I think I 'll switch to Le Plum Prunelle after I 'm done with my current one .
 I really liked the L'Oreal Perfectly Soft Liner . It goes on very easily and is easy to blend because it has a soft , creamy texture . I also loved that it came in such a large pencil . It 's twice as long as the eyeliner pencils I usually buy . I like to keep my eyeliner sharp and all of that sharpening eats up a short pencil pretty quickly . This one should last a long time . I was afraid the plum color would be too bright but it blended to a nice soft color and looked really nice . Great eyeliner !
 I liked this product for one reason ... it stayed in place . I 'd given up on liners because after an hour or so they '' `` smudge '' '' and I look like I have dark circle under my eyes . Not so with this product . Even after eight hours , it still looked great . I 'd definitely buy it again and recommend it to a friend .
 This eyeliner was great ! I loved the color and what an awesome amount -LRB- the pencil is really long ! -RRB- The color was between a purple and gray . Really nice with blue eyes . At first it was hard to get the product to line my eyes but after using it for a while it softened up and was easier to use . I liked it a lot .
 I love this lipstick ! It 's a great color for me -LRB- I 'm pretty pale -RRB- , but I think it would look good on anybody . And it feels good on the lip . It 's not at all drying . Oh , and it lasts pretty well too . It 's no 8-hour lipstick or a lip stain or anything like that , but it never proclaims to be . And , obviously , the price can not be beat . This will always be one of my go-to lipsticks .
 I have worn Revlon lipstick since I was 17 years old and I am now 74 . I think this particular color looks very nice and I have bought several tubes . I have tried other brands , Este Lauder , Lorelle , etc. and none of them compare to Revlon .
 This lipstick is hard to get ever since people discovered that it looks like the MAC Nicki Minaj.Imagine my surprise whe nI was able to get it for this price ... seriously.it was rushed delivered , so I can wear it on my weekend night out.Great service will use this seller again
 All too often a favorite lipstick is discontinued and a match can not be found.Amazon proved to be the answer
 I have been using Revlon Super Luscious products for a long time now . I especially appreciate their staying power and how they moisturize as I wear them .
 Five star because it continues to compliments my complexion , leaves my often chapped lips soft and moisturized . Hope Revlon does n't stop making it .
 My daughter-in-law swears by this lipstick , since she says she can put it on and it will stay on , with no dryness , all day .
 I 've been using for years , and I hope Revlon always makes this exact product . It does n't leave any weird taste in your mouth . As for the seller , everything worked just fine . Thanks !
 I really love this lipstick ; the color and the richness ! It goes on so smooth and it stays on too , which is major for me ! I would definitely buy this product again .
 i Bought these for my mother and she just loved them . So much cheaper than in store , and everyone asks her what brand they are as they last for ages .
 Revlon 's Berry Rich Super Lustrous lipstick is one of my favorite lipsticksas it can be worn with almost anything , does n't look to bold or to colorfuland I wear it Everyday !!!
 I ca n't find my favorite shade any any drug store so I am so happy to be able to order it online .
 my mother in law was looking for this color and was so glad to find it and loved the price , too
 I have been wearing Revlon lipstick for 25 years . talk about loyal , but when you find something that works you stick with it . The color stays on for a while .
 LOVE THIS LIPSTICK ! ITS EASY TO APPLY , AND STAYS ON THE LIPS FOR 3/4 HOURS WITH DRINKING WATER . THE MOST NATURAL AND PRETTY NUDE LIPSTICK FOR ME !
 I was very pleased with my product . Thank You ! It was the exact color I was looking for . Love it !
 The lipstick has a shade more purple to the color then the soft pink/coral in the picture , but still looks great !
 Natural , smooth and excellent - great price - fast shipper would highly recomment this item - Lasting color Super great
 The color is a deep and rich red , and the texture , upon application , is smooth and creamy . I would definitely try this product in other colors .
 This is a very interesting fall color that goes on supple and feels like silk on the lips . I like that it has just enough moisture so it does n't dry out your lips . The only thing I advise you to do is exfoliate your lips with a little brown sugar and olive oil before applying to avoid any cake build up . I ca n't stress how relaxed and vamp this color is I just love revlon .
 Bought the product for my best friend as a Christmas gift and she loves it , I wasvery happy that I was able to find it
 so grateful to be able to find a place to purchase this particular color , I can no longer find at store or Revlon direct .
 This is the only color Lipstick I wear , very hard to find . I will keep looking and keep buying it .
 Beautiful lipstick ! Creamy , smooth formula that goes on nicely . It did not dry out my lips . I love Revlon lipstick !
 The color is red with a little orange , but not too red or orange , so cute and beautiful . love the color !
 I was looking for an orangy lipstick since ages , then I found this one on Amazon and I bought it after reading reviews on makeupalley.com , since I was not able to physically see the product . I didnt know what to expect.I am very happy with my purchase . Perfect color and excellent texture . The product was also in mint condition and arrived on time .
 Do you like Lipstick ? But , do you find that your lipstick makes your lips dry , chapped , or crave Doritos ? Well , Revlon Superlustrous is for you ! It almost has a balm feel , and is highly pigmented -LRB- it only takes one `` coat '' -RRB- . I like this color because it kind of has that Minaj-esque pop of pink but very much subdued and casual Friday appropriate .
 This lipstick is such a brilliant red . It is great for many skin tones . Con of this product is that it smells like crayons ... my simple fix for this is just put a flavored chapstick over the color . overall good product
 I love this color -LRB- Mink # 671 -RRB- if you have a deep complexion or are very tan and want that natural -LRB- little or no makeup -RRB- look then you may really like this color . I had it for a while and never used it . I pulled it out about 3 weeks ago and fell in love . did n't realize it was a discontinued color , but luckily I found it on Amazon and purchased another tube because I do n't want to run out !
 This applies really creamy and the color is absolutely beautiful but I do find that it can be a bit drying on my lips . I always make sure to apply a lip balm first , and then this , otherwise I find that within an hour or two my lips are way too dry . I also tend to put a gloss over it just because it 's pretty opaque and that can look kind of aging on someone my age , but the color is worth it .
 I bought this Revlon `` Kiss Me Coral '' lipstick about a month ago for the first time . Although it is labelled as Coral , it is actually more like it looks in the picture -- a slightly orange-y red . I was nervous about that when I purchased it , but it turns out it actually is very flattering with my skin -- I have very light , fairly neutral skin -LRB- I do get red cheeks , but with foundation it evens out -RRB- . It works well whether it 's applied and blotted just a little bit -LRB- for a nighttime look usually -RRB- or for a daytime look , if it 's blotted a lot it looks like more of a stain.I also think it looks very pretty when I use it as a cream blush -LRB- very lightly applied of course -RRB- . It 's a `` creme '' lipstick , so it 's not sparkly and it 's also not matte -- very creamy and smooth . It lasts rather long as a lipstick actually , and for me I need minimal applications throughout the day.When I originally bought this , I was looking actually for a lighter more true `` coral '' color -LRB- I was thinking more pink -RRB- but I guess I 'm just attracted to bright reds ! I am glad I went with my instincts and chose this .
 Product arrived in a timely manner and it was in one piece . Correct color and size were sent . Great price for 2 tubes , cheaper than buying in a retail location .
 I have n't been able to find this color -LRB- 453 Pinkerbelle -RRB- by Revlon in area stores lately , so I went looking on the internet . It 's my favorite ; I 'm so glad it 's still available !
 This is my go-to lipstick . The color works for me all year round . The formulation feels good on my lips -- not too dry and not too sticky .
 I 've used this brand a color for years and do n't know what I would do if Revlon ever discontinued it !
 I love this color , complimentary to my skin tone and most of clothing I wear . Revlon works well for me . Color lasts and keeps my lips moist .
 I wish the color was a bit deeper , but it is very moisturizing.I would recommend to others . I will order more later .
 I bought it for my mother in law , the color is great but not for dark skin . Not my choice
 In the tube the Siren shade looks very orange , but once applied it is more of a nice orange-ish coral . It 's very flattering for pale skin .
 I bought this lipstick when I spent a few days on holidays in Canada last year . I ca n't find it in France -LRB- this color is not for us I suppose -RRB- . Fortunately , I found My lypstick on this website , and less expensive than the ones -LRB- from the same brand -RRB- sold in France ! : - -RRB- Within 8 days , I ordered and received my product . It was perfectly packed . It could n't be better ! I 'm very happy with this order and with the supplier . Many thanks xxxx
 i was really skeptical at first but if you want old school hollywood glamour , i say go for it !!! Gutsy n sexy color !
 I must admit I do not have a ton of experience with lipsticks , but regardless of this I really liked this shade . I also feel like the formula is of really good quality , too , but I recommend exfoliating your lips first if you get chapped like me , because this certainly helped it last longer for me . I would most certainly suggest it to other alternative-y people , especially with a little black eyeliner used as a lipliner to darken it a bit -LRB- this also helping it to last longer -RRB- , but I think this would also look absolutely gorgeous on women of color and of olive-toned skin , as well as maybe a lighter woman that just has awesomely bold taste . Overall I am extremely pleased considering that I bought this at Jewel Osco on sale for a few dollars off lol ! Oops - and guys could probably pull this off if they wanted to , too !! Lol !
 Pink in the afternoon is a great colour . its more of a brown/nude pink . I think its a very natural lip colour.I am writing this review to let people know how pleased i am with the quickness of my order process.Beauty Savings had my order processed , shipped and in my mail box in a 4 day time span.I ordered Thursday at 12 midnight and I had Pink in the Afternoon this Afternoon!Thank You Beauty Savings !
 I was a little skeptical when I ordered it because the picture of the red lipstick did not look as bright as I wanted but I am so happy I decided to get it anyway because it is exactly what I wanted .
 Revlon discontinued a lipstick I liked/lovely color and sheen ... the seller sent the lipsticks quickly and in fine order and I was happy to have my favorite color for a while longer . HAPPY I THOUGHT TO LOOK ON AMAZON . Thank you .
 Revelon Super Lustrous Lipstick Creme Lipstick is as in thename very lustrous . This lipstick will keep lips moustourized all day long . There is no need to add extra moisturized to your lips when usingthis Lipstick.The Color is very beautiful and last all day . All in all I would say this is a good value for your money . I have used this lipstick for many years and I have never been disappointed by its performance .
 This color is amazing and can be made up or down with the addition of gloss or lipliner underneath . Great everyday or evening color .
 Received my order promptly and correctly . Could not ask for more . I would use this company again . Just wish they had had more in stock .
 I could n't find this lipstick -LRB- Almost Nude # 117 -RRB- in any store ! I borrowed it from a friend one night when we were out clubbing and I fell in love ! Went to every drug store to purchase one myself but could n't find it . So glad I found it on here . Exactly what I was looking for . Super Fast shipping and I received it within the week . Amazing .
 I sent this 2 pack of lipstick to my Mom for her birthday but she only received one . I can not find any way to contact seller . Anyone have any suggestions ?
 product came fast with bonus gift , and a full explanation of the shipping charges.My wife was very satisfied witheverything .
 Love this lipstick ... Nice color , not too pink . -LRB- I 'm over 50 . . well over -RRB- Keep one in my purse , and one at home . . I 'd recommend this product . .
 could not find this product anywhere until these people e-mailed me that they had 2 . i am very pleased with their service .
 I bought this product because I saw a recommendation for the color somewhere and I could n't find it in the stores where I looked . It is a nice creamy texture with great staying power and the color is lovely -- a nice red on the pink side .
 This lipstick had been discontinued and I have checked just about every drug store in town . When I see it on Amazon I was delighted to see I could still buy one . Thank you .
 I love this lipstick and am so happy to have found someone who carries my color . Thank you so much !
 I ca n't find this color in stores anymore so I was happy to find it here . It such a lovely , neutral berry with just a hint of glimmer . Not frosty at all , but just enough to give the color some depth . Is like my own lip color , but better !
 This is a very rich & deep color ... You may want to use it as a gradient color . Either way , it 's nice . It reminds me of the 70 's & 80 's when women wore those dark colors on their lips :--RRB- ... So retro !!!!
 Arrived in good time , great condition . Color is very bright , not for the timid ! It does have a slight orange tint , which goes well with my complexion .
 I was so pleasantly surprised how beautiful this color is - the picture color does n't do it justice . It makes my face light up ! I am especially glad it 's not dark - I like lighter shades that make you skin look creamier -LRB- I have brown hair and light skin -RRB- . Also , has nice moisture and spreads so nicely . I highly recommend . Shipped on time and packaged well for shipping .
 Very satisfied . The products arrived very promptly . Everything was as expected . I felt that the prices were good and it was convenient to be able to avoid the crowds during the Holidays .
 I keep a tube of this in my purse , pocket , and make-up bag . This color goes with almost everything and I wear it almost daily ! Good moisturizing properties , too !
 I can say that this lipstick leaves them soft . Also this colour looks great on every skin colour . Try it .
 A great neutral color my my skin tone . It goes on so well . . makes my lips soft too . Looks great alone or if you want to use under lip gloss .
 I love this lipstick . I found it about 6 years ago and I find that it goes with everything in my casual wardrobe . It also works well for photos and , since I am an actor and acting teacher , I recommend it for headshots . In my experience , the amount of pearl in the lipstick does not create feathering -LRB- I 'm 50 , so this a big deal for me -RRB- or look too young . Just great .
 For those of you who loved this color and then it was discontinued , it was great to be able to get it again at Amazon . It was n't great to pay the higher price , but it was still cheaper then the department store brands and just as good . Amazon made a mistake initially and sent 1 instead of 2 . They rectified the error immediately with VERY minimal hassle .
 I purchased this lipstick from a local retail store last summer . When I needed a new tube I could no longer find it in the store . I found it on Amazon.com and ordered three tubes.This color is so WOW that two of my friends commented when they saw it on me and wanted the name , etc. . One friend I gave a tube and the other ordered the product from Amazon.com.I think it is a great shade for summer .
 Even though it says &#34; red &#34; it 's actually a peach tone , kind of frosted , but not shiny . It goes on smooth , lasts quite a while . I 've used it for years , the price is great ! I love it !
 I got the lipstick and I really like it because it is a nice dark color and I can use it to match anything .
 I have a few Revlon Super Lustrous lipstick colors and I absolutely love them ! My favorite color is Va Va Violet ! It is a dark dark purple and it looks amazing on . It really makes your teeth look white and your eyes pop ! It goes on smooth and does n't feather on your lips . I have the mauve pearl and the silver city pink and they are amazing . Just shiny enough to make a statement but not too shiny to look silly at work . They do n't have a weird taste or smell or anything . I have loved everyone I have bought . Absolutely recommend all Revlon Super Lustrous lipcolors .
 Mom was amazed that Amazon carries her all-time favorite Revlon color after all these years . I think it 's the perfect pale shimmer pink whether you 're in your teens or 80 .
 Very pleased with this lipstick . Very creamy , and goes on smoothly . Does n't darken up after applied , stays true to color . Would purchase again .
 I like this lipstick a lot but just know that the color on the lipstick container looks peachy and this is not peachy at all . It is more of a nude color with a little glossy look . You can wear it over another color or plain if you are going for a natural look . It really works well as a nude lipstick .
 This lipstick is my very first Revlon lipstick and I 'd have to say ... I 'm IN LOVE ! This color is my everyday color for my lips and its soooo creamy ! A must have and staple product .
 I love Revlon lipsticks they are great quality and are very affordable . Primrose is a gorgeous color it is a beautiful pink for every day .
 The color is a pink color but blends well after a few minutes , it is not baby doll pink has a rose hue with it . This tones down the pink matches my natural lip color very well . This color is also great to mix with gloss . Very moisturizing to the lips as well .
 I found this lipstick mentioned on Remodelista . It was a true red , a hard color to find . I was delighted to find it on Amazon and bought it right away . The color will always be in my lipstick collection . My pal from babyhood who now lives in Wisconsin bought it , too .
 I combed the net for ages before Amazon came through and I was able to order this fabulous lipstick because it is n't available in England anymore . I 've been a fan of Revlon and their lipsticks for ages - they feel good on your lips and the last - what more can you ask . This shade is everything I want in a lip colour .
 I love this Revlon lipstick . It stays on a long time and it feels so good on the lips . Best lipstick I have found .
 I love this brand and this is a great lipstick . I bought it in another color as well . Purchased this color for my neice and the price is right . These are great lipsticks for layering and they feel like you 're just wearing a lip balm . Love it !
 This is my favourite lipstick from the Super Lustrous line.It is bright , but not too bright . The color is not really coral but , rather , an orange-red . I do have to use a lip balm along with this lipstick , but that is the case with other lipsticks , too , as otherwise my lips tend to feel dry - so that 's not a problem . It lasts longer than my Rimmel lipstick -LRB- which I also like -RRB- . On the whole , it is a lovely lipstick and I much prefer it to the Fire & Ice -LRB- which I find to be way too bright -RRB- . The only -LRB- minor -RRB- negatives are : * There is no visible expiry date - I would like to see makeup companies print that on each item -LRB- Revlon actually does it with its mineral makeup , which is great -RRB- . Unfortunately , most lipsticks do n't have that . * This particular color has a different ` shipping weight ' than most other colors within the same line . Not an issue for USA customers , but can add to the cost for international customers -LRB- as we pay an additional shipping rate for each item - determined by the ` shipping weight ' -RRB- - a pity .
 I love this lipstick color , it is just perfect for me ... . and it is creamy , feels good on my dry lips .
 I love this shade of lipstick , so of course , Revlon has discontinued it . I was so happy to see it on Amazon , I bought 3 tubes . I received them in perfect condition very quickly . Thanks for the super service .
 I love Revlon lip stick in the black tube . It stays on and does not bleed . I like the Spiced Brandy color because it adds color to my otherwise invisible lips . I have tried numerous different brands of lip stick and have found Revlon to be the most reliable for staying on and not bleeding .
 I PURCHASED THE LIPSTICK IN MAUVY NIGHT . IT GLIDES ON SO SMOOTH , AND MY LIPS FEEL SO SOFT . I GAVE IT FOUR STARS BECAUSE IT COULD BE MORE PIGMENTED , BUT NOT THAT BIG A DEAL BECAUSE THE FINISHED LOOK LOOKS SO GOOD!i THINK I HAD TO PUT A FEW LAYERS ON BECAUSE MY LIPS ARE MORE PIGMENTED , I HAVE OLIVE SKIN/ROSEY LIPS , SO MAYBE THATS WHY .
 Like almost all Revlon products , excellent quality , nice colour even for the older ladies amongst us - I am 53 and it still looks good on me !
 I have used this color for many years.Revlon Super Lustrous Cream Lipstick , Wine with Everything # 525 - 0.2 Oz , 1 Ea It wears very well . I dab it on lightly , then pat it with my finger -- it looks like a natural stain on the lips . I had a hard time finding this exact color and searched for quite a while before I found it on Amazon -- Amazon truly has everything , and it was inexpensive , to boot ! This is a real keeper .
 I have never worn lipstick , until now!I got the Lustrous Pearl Lipstick in Blushed # 420 -LRB- listed as just Blushed in the drop down menu -RRB- as a sampler from my job . I LOVE it.It glides on smoothly . It 's not sticky like some lipsticks can be -LRB- which is why I never really wear them -RRB- . It 's full of moisturizing goodness . My lips feel awesome :-RRB- I love that it 's not too dramatic from my normal lip color so I do n't feel self conscious!It gives my lips the appearance of being fuller and sexier . I 'm glad it was a freebie from my job , but honestly I 'd fork over the $ 5.00 and buy it as soon as I ran out ! LOL
 My item arrived incredibly fast . It was exactly what I had been searching high and low for . I am as happy as can be !! I would definitely purchase from this seller again !! Thanks a million !
 My wife could no longer find this , her favorite lipstick , at the local stores . Amazon came through AGAIN ... and with a great price ...
 I found this lip gloss originally at Ulta then bought more at Amazon , my fav place to shop . It goes on so smooth , stays on and looks gorgeous . It is also easy on the pocket book . I went back to Ulta and bought up all they had in stock ! Not kidding , this is my all time favorite lip gloss !!
 This is the only blue black hair dye that I 've used for many years . I have a lot of grey hair , and it turns them bright blue . It 's awesome , like getting a black and blue streaks dye job in one application . This is the blackest black with the most brilliant blue sheen of any hair color I 've used . They discontinued this color in this packaging , but the good news is that Garnier still makes this blue black shade , it 's just got a new name and different package/color number . I was so relived when I found that out on their website ! I never want to be without this hair color . It 's now called Nutrisse Ultra Color BL21 - Blue Black .
 This is the best , longest-lasting over-the-counter hair color I 've ever tried . I have tried all the other brands , and they either fade very quickly , or fry your hair leaving it brittle . 100 % Garnier in 210 - Blue-Black is just beautiful , and I would not use anything else . My hair is soft , and the color is vibrant , and long-lasting . I ca n't find it at Target , Walgreens , or Walmart , anymore . After searching ; I found it here , on Amazon , but I believe it may have been discontinued . I will buy several boxes to use until I find something comparable . Please , do not discontinue this brand ! I have also tried other colors of 100 % Garnier , and they are just as beautiful !
 I have red hair and every black dye that I have tried ends up having a red tint to it as a result . The blue in this dye seems to counterbalance and I end up with a shiny wonderful black color . The product is easy to use , effective and I can only find it right here on Amazon . My hair looks sleek and healthy whenever I use this . This is , however , an extremely deep black -LRB- which I love -RRB- but may turn some people away . I have gotten mixed sentiments about the `` darkness '' with some people loving the rich shiny color and others thinking I must be turning `` emo '' to have my hair so dark . Personally , I could care less what they think because this stuff is amazing and it 's the only `` true '' black that works for me !
 Love , love , love this color . It 's never turned out any other way than the color shown on the box . While I would n't consider it `` natural '' , it is a very attractive color and tasteful in appearance . I uploaded what I think is a more accurate stock photo.After this product was discontinued , I tried other brands in different shades and tried mixing my own . Nothing compares -LRB- I recently purchased Nice 'n Easy in Mahogany Black . I 'd like to know when fuchsia became the new mahogany ... if there was a bulletin , I missed it -RRB- . Having said that , I ended up ordering 8 boxes of this haircolor from a 3rd party seller on Amazon a couple of days ago . From the looks of things , the package is coming from Pennsylvania -LRB- I live in Southern California -RRB- . At this time of year I 'm concerned about the integrity of the product being compromised by exposure to high temperatures , but as it 's a discontinued product in limited supply , what do you do ?
 This is the third `` Blue Black '' I 've tried and it is my favorite.I 'm looking for blue blue blue black.Easy to use ; 30 min black -LRB- Mohawk -RRB- on top , 10 min on the sides to turn my grays blue.Cream formula is more home user friendly than straight NH4OH/peroxide dyes , a little more expensive -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . Sealant conditioner seems good quality too .
 I have a few good things to say about this product and 1 bad.Good things1
 IF BLUE BLACK IS THE COLOR YOU 'RE SEARCHING FOR THAN THIS IS THE BEST PRODUCT HANDS DOWN ! MY HAIR LOOKS SUPER HEALTHY AND THE BEST PART ABOUT THIS IS THAT IT ACTUALLY LASTS LONGGG ! :D I USUALLY DO N'T WRITE REVIEWS BUT FOR THIS I HAD TO ! I 'VE BEEN USING LOREAL BECAUSE I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO FIND THIS PRODUCT ANYWHERE AND I 'VE BEEN MISERABLE . . THE LOREAL HAIR DYE STARTS WASHING OFF WITHIN A WEEK OF DYING MY HAIR - WHAT A SHAMEEEE ! SO GLAD TO HAVE FOUND THIS HEREEE .
 I love this hair dye . I ca n't find it anywhere in stores anymore so I buy it in bulk from here . It 's the only black that does n't look or feel brassy . I love the blue tone -LRB- rather than brown -RRB- , it shows highlights like someone with natural black hair would have . Most people think my hair color is naturally black , and I 'm a red head !
 Thi is the best blue black hair dye on the market BUT sadly it appears Garnier has discontinued it - or so they told me when i called and said i could only find 1 of these after searching many web sites . This really gives your hair a gorgeous blue sheen and it stays bright for several weeks . Better than any salon hair dye i have ever had . And it leaves your hair soft and silky .
 I love this color !!! It is very natural looking even thought the package photo looks a bit out there . It is so easy to use , and the conditioner makes all the difference in the world . My hair is sooooo soft ! I have VERY long hair , so it took a few of them to cover it all , but there are not splotches of any kind . They give you plenty of conditioner to last for several washes , too . The seller I purchased them from was also very prompt and everything arrived in great condition -- if that makes any difference . I will continue to use this product for as long as I want to have beautiful auburn hair .
 I just love this color , but unfortunately I ca n't find it in the stores anymore ... I recently colored my hair w/another brand & another shade of black but I 'm really disappointed w/the results . Amazon I beg u please do n't do what the stores did , please do n't discontinue this product !
 This is my favorite blue black hair color . I Love the way it makes my hair look and feel . Unfortunately I believe this color has been discontinued , but I was happy to find it here on Amazon .
 This hair was gorgeous at first then over time the dye faded to an ugly brown but all in all the product was pretty nice
 I have been looking for the perfect auburn hair dye for my mom and this is it ! She had a light red before we died her hair , but afterward , she had a gorgeous dark auburn!This color makes a VERY rich and dark auburn , mixing a blood-red color and a dark brown to black color . It looks incredible on light hair , covers greys well , and probably works for naturally dark hair as well!Another plus is that it covers nice and evenly ! And it does not stink as much as some other dyes.The only slight complaint I have is that one box will not cover longer hair . So if you have longer hair , you might want to consider buying two boxes.This will definitely be our go-to red from now on ! Also , the seller was excellent -LRB- I went with Redbasket -RRB- . It is a great color and I strongly urge you to buy it if you are looking for a nice , dark auburn !
 I have been using this for about a year now and it is the best on the market as far lasting color and being very blue black ... just what I wanted ! Love it !
