 Mask-O -LRB- TM -RRB- electric face treatment center is a do it at home kit which slowly dislodges the veins within your skin and makes them agitated , red and inflamed and thus , `` puffy '' . Modern medicine has determined that a `` puffy '' face not only looks deformed , unnatural and repulsive but there also minimal health benefits involved . If you want to look like a plastic surgery reject then this product is for you . Hook this up at night , and leave it on only until there are enough watts of electricity pumping through the spores in your now numb face . Recommended for people who live in Los Angeles and people who believe that they are eternally young .
 I got ta admit , I bought this facial toning mask in complete good faith.I researched the concept as much as I could , and generally felt that it had some credence.I used it faithfully for a NUMBER OF MONTHS!Hey , it was pretty easy to use
 I do not use to oreal product but I was Rey exited with the reviews and I got this.You know what ? My hair was more dryer than before and start breaking just one use . I do n't know what to say but I will never use it again . Sorry but it did not work for me
 wife did n't enjoy this product much . Gave her more dandruff and split ends . She is going with something more natural and effective .
 When I lived in Hawaii as a child I loved the scent of Plumeria and when I read all of the positive reviews of this product I decided to give it a try . I can not say how disappointed I was with the scent as it does not even remotely smell like the Plumeria flowers I remember in Hawaii . I called the Terra Nova company -LRB- which should be called the Terrible Nova company -RRB- to return the perfume and I was told that I could only have a store credit and not a refund . I do n't want a store credit as I purchased and was disappointed with the only product that they offer that I was interested in . My review would have to be that not only does their perfume STINK but that their service STINKS as well .
 Escada for Men is one of the best colognes I have ever used . And while this one smells very good , I am very suspect as to whether it is real or fake . I have been told that the correct logo for Escada is the back-to-back uppercase `` Es '' on the bottle , and that the smaller curved `` e 's '' facing each other on the bottle would indicate the product is not really Escada . That 's what I got . I thought perhaps I was wrong , so I called the retail distributor directly just to hear what they had to say . Instead of an explanation , I got a very nasty , curt `` customer service '' rep , who said they sell what their supplier provides to them -- but that I could return it for a refund . When I explained that I really did n't want to do that , but did want some reassurance that the product was , indeed , Escada , the customer rep got even nastier and refused to talk anymore . So , what would anyone think by this response ?
 It took me 3hrs to finally decide on this scent . I purchased one bottle from a store at the mall and loved it.A few days ago I accidentally dropped the bottle and had to order a new one . Decided against going to same retailer to save some $ $ and ordered one from Amazon.When the package arrived - the bottle and packaging all seemed original , but was I disappointed when I opened the bottle ... The cologne had a vague scent of the one I had previously owned , but greatly overpowered by some cheap additive . The difference in smell was evident from very first time when you open the bottle . And the cheap smell does n't go away.Lesson learned - if you want a quality product - buy from reputable dealer.Edit
 Buyer beware!This is not what it 's supposed to be.I believe it 's a fake.I 've had a long correspondence with the seller . I spent $ 16 . - to return it , always guaranteeing a full refund.They then wanted a description of the box I sent it in -LRB- Fed Ex -RRB- & then in further correspondence asked me where the original box was ? Then told me that only half a bottle was returned & I held it more than 30 days.My husband has been using Escada for 15 years , probably only half an inch to an inch had been used because he could n't believe it.I see they are still selling it for a much higher price now.There biggest concern is that I do n't give them a 5 star rating .
 I have used Clinique 's Quick Corrector wand in Light for over 15 years , basically as my only foundation makeup because I have redness of the T-zone area , which product blended very well with my natural fair skin tone . Recently to my dismay they discontinued Quick Corrector , and I was told by the sales associate that Line Smoothing Concealer had replaced it . I purchased the product in Light , which went on the face very similarly to Quick Corrector , a little heavier consistency but good coverage , and all seemed fine until I took a really good look at myself in the mirror ; to my horror , there was a distinct orangy cast which continued to the borders of my un-madeup face , so it appeared I was wearing a mask . I mailed the product back to Clinique and they sent me a refund , so I have been shopping around for a similar concealer -LRB- mostly on Amazon , who thank goodness stocks just about any brand you want to try -RRB- , and happened upon an Estee Lauder concealer wand called DoubleWear Flawless Wear Concealer in their color 01 Light , and am happy to report that THIS is the replacement for the Quick Corrector wand in color Light that I have been searching for as a perfect match to my skin tone . Great coverage and same consistency as Quick Corrector , and no lines of demarcation . Remember that Estee Lauder is the parent company of Clinique , so if you too are a disappointed former Quick Corrector user , try the Lauder concealer for a better color match , and it is priced only about $ 5 more than Clinique 's concealers . If you only use concealer in small sections of your face , than the Line Smoothing may not cause discoloration for you and I wish you well , because both products feel comfortable on the skin and are quality concealers .
 This perfume is impossible to find in the US so I tried this option . It smells terrible ! It 's the worst perfume copy you can imagine . At the beginning I was wandering if it was me that simply did n't like it anymore but I had a little bit left of the one I had purchased in France and it 's a completely different scent . I am extremely disappointed and will never buy perfume form this site again .
 I have cystic acne , which is usually caused by bacteria and I thought that this would help clear it since it is a bacteria fighting cleansing soap . My face still looks exactly the same . It has no affect and I have been using it for over a month . I am glad I did n't spend much money on it .
 I got this soap because I occasionally break on on my chest and back . The reviews of this soap were mostly favorable , so I bought 5 bars . It does remove oil on the skin and leaves your skin feeling dry , so a moisturizer after the fact might be good . As far as it curing my outbreaks , sadly it has not worked , I work up a generous lather and scrub the area really good with a cloth and wash it off with cool water per the directions , still I break out.I have 5 bars of this and will continue to use it . Perhaps it works better the longer you use it .
 This did n't work to help clear up my acne or reduce any of the oil on my skin . It feels nice when you wash your face with it but thats about it .
 This cologne is not really my thing , it is extremely strong , so make sure you use only a little , otherwise people will think you just powdered your butt ...
 I have used this perfume for many years . The one I received is FAKE , the bottle is fake - the perfume stinks . I want my money back . This is outrageous , nasty cologne !
 This cologne is way over priced.Has a good scent.Flip side is does not last even 1 hour.You can even put it on your cloths , and in even in less than one hour the scent is gone.Its like John vavartos which also does not last .
 Aqu&iacute; en Venezuela compre una colonia igual y es otra calidad ! La que compre en Venezuela es de excelente calidad y la que vende Amazon es chimba que parece imitaci&oacute;n .
 There 's nothing special with this shampoo . It does n't smell that great and it does n't lather much . I found the American Crew Peppermint Cleanse to lather much better and is a fraction of the cost . Plus , the claims that this prevents hairloss are pretty dubious based on the ingredients.Also , be wary of the reviews of the Billy Jealousy products on Amazon . If you check the other reviewers for this item , you 'll see that they only reviewed other Jealousy products and they were all posted on the same day . Seems like Billy himself is appraising his own products , and now I know why !
 The shampoo is harsh and leaves your hair/scalp dry and the fragrance is terrible . It smells faintly of mint , but mostly like some toxic chemical that should n't be applied to your skin . The fragrance is gone after you rinse which is good I guess.Billy has some other products that are great -LRB- e.g. LiquidSand ROCKS ! -RRB- but this stuff is a definite NO for me .
 I bought this because I like this companies shave gel . I got this shampoo and the conditioner -LRB- off another site -RRB- . It gets my hair clean I guess.I do n't think I would spend the money on it . It 's expensive for what it is . It 's not anything special . .
 I studied curling irons online because I had bought so many locally that were disappointing . This professed to be the BEST/Professional so I expected more out of it than from the locally bought ... Did n't happen . It 's the same as something from Walmart , as far as I can tell - after 2 months - but I paid twice as much . It 's light weight and really does n't perform as well as one I previously purchased from Sally 's Beauty Supply . Since I use it daily , they last , maybe , a year . I had big hopes for this one .
 The smell was really off . I had to spray extra perfume to compensate . I will stick with the lotions that I find in the stores . I will make sure I buy multiple containers .
 This is nothing like the `` Evening in Paris '' I used to buy in the little blue bottle . I read the reviews here and understood it was n't quite the same . I was only hoping to have a hint of the past . That did n't happen . The MAIN ACCORDS are all wrong .
 originally I was so excited to find this because it had been my mothers favorite from years back . I do n't know what this fragrence is but it is definitely NOT evening in Paris ! Thank goodness I opened it to smell it before I gave it to my mom ; however my mistake because now I can not return it ! Aweful !
 I ordered this for my wife at Christmas . It arrived Jan. 18 and my wife says it 's nothing like Evening In Paris . The looks of the bottle is very miss leading , making you think that your are getting the original aroma . But no way
 Most websites describe this fragrance as a soft , powdery floral . Amazon 's website mentions only the scent of roses . Here is the description EXACTLY as it appears on the back of the box : `` The top note is the subtle freshness of Bergamot with a refined and sweet middle note
 I love the oil but this soap is worthless . It has none of the qualities Iwant in soap . It smells bland , like nothing , and my skin is no better for it . I bought this thinking my skin will be silky and have that lovely macadmia nut vanilla scent . Do not waste your $ . Try Zum soap or anything with goat 's milk .
 I was not impressed with the scent , as it did not smell like true orange blossoms . I will not purchase this product again .
 Actually I still have not received it . Contacted the vendor as well as UPS and still have not heard anything .
 It smells awful in the bottle and even worse when you spray it on yourself . It is good though to keep around in case you are on a date with someone you want to get rid of . Just spray some on and they go away . It 's like bug spray for people .
 I had this less than 2 weeks , accidentally dropped it in the shower and the portion of the handle above the rubber grip broke off ! I 'll be investing in a more expensive wooden one next . This is a cheap piece of junk . Do NOT waste your money .
 I wanted to swap to a plastic brush that was one piece to avoid mildew issues that can arise with wooden and/or two-piece brushes . This brush seemed ideal . However , they both broke within 4 days of arrival . One drop in the shower was all it took and the whole handle below the rubber grip breaks . I 'm going back to wood for sure , and if you 're planning on purchasing this I would n't use it in any other location save the bathtub . Higher up and you 're asking for the inevitable .
 I have 9 tattoos , and only used this stuff for one of them . Of my 9 tattoos , the one I used tattoo goo on sucks . Which I admit , was probably the fault of the tattoo artist , but he 's also the one who recommended this crap . Plus , it 's very messy and got ink all over everything . It sits on the surface of the skin , and turned the color of the tattoo , which got all over everything else . Since that fiasco , I 've only used my tattoo artist recommended Lubriderm , it 's so much less hassle . Any tattoo artist I 've seen and respected , recommends Lubriderm lotion . Go that route .
 I thought this product would be amazing since it basically says it would . NO ! I used it and I had the worst rash of my entire life of living !! I had a million little tiny itchy bumps surrounding my entire tattoo . Not only that the rash did n't go away for almost a month or more actually . I had to put ointment on my rash everyday it got on my brand new tattoo and made all the black slide off ! So my tattoo looked old and I can see skin spots all because that damn tattoo goo !!! When I told my tattoo artist what happened she said `` OMG WHY WOULD YOU USE THAT TERRIBLE PRODUCT SO MANY PEOPLE HAVE BAD REACTIONS TO IT ! '' T his product is the worse piece of shit ever . I would never recommend it EVER !
 Do not waste your money on this stuff
 Gentle yes , does not remove all make up . Did not make any different in my skin 's color , or complexion . The moisturizer did nothing . I have found instead that olay regenerist products work fantastic and are much easier and faster to attain .
 I purchased this product and instead I got four sample containters . They did n't only look old , but the did not have a sealed box or experation date . Plase make sure you buy genuine DERMALOGICA products . Do n't make the same mistake I did . .
 I read the reviews and bought this dermalogica gentle cream . Yeah it is very gentle and does n't work at all . I wo n't buy this product again and wo n't suggest anyone else . Waste of money , it is expensive and does n't work all . I do n't understand why it is priced so high when it is not doing its job .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT BACK IN EARLY DECEMBER AND I DECIDED THAT I DID NOT WANT THESE PRODUCTS ANYMORE BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN PARABENS . I EMAILED THIS SELLER , CT BEAUTY , AND THEY STILL HAVE NOT CREDITED ME A REFUND FOR THIS PRODUCT EVEN THOUGH I SENT IT BACK ALMOST 2 MONTHS AGO !
 great frag , very cheap bottle , first one arrived almost half empty -LRB- brand new . but only half -RRB- amazon was kind enough to send me a second bottle with out charge , but the second bottles the spray was broken , gust who ever is making the bottle is n't very good at it
 I thought I was ordering White Linen . When it arrived it was White Linen Breeze . I had to return it .
 As a Clinique devotee , I really wanted to like this product , but it just is n't a good one for me . Although the sheen is pretty , it does n't apply very smoothly on my lids and dries out really quickly . -LRB- Incidentally , in the few months since I got it , it also appears to have dried out in its own case ; there are two big circular cracks in it where it seems to have shrunk into itself . -RRB- I get more creasing when I wear this -LRB- alone or under other shadow -RRB- than when I wear just other shadow . I have tried using this base in varying amounts , as in applying very lightly to fairly heavily , and have n't gotten a good result in any amount .
 When I received my eyeshadow , it was dried up and unable to be used . I was unaware at the time that it should have a seal over it , which it did not . I will not purchase from this seller ever again .
 If you want a product that keeps your eyeshadow from collecting in the crease of your eyelid , this is totally useless . It 's a nice eyeshadow , but it does n't work at all as a `` base '' or `` primer . '' Honestly , I get worse crease lines with it than without it and will be returning it to the Clinique counter post-haste . If your problem is smudging your eyemakeup , maybe it helps . Could n't tell you . But for me , it did n't do remotely what it was supposed to do and looked terrible within an hour .
 I do n't like the scent . It is very strong . I have tried to wear it twice and even tried to mix with a softer scent . I wasted money . Contact me for purchase .
 My fiance ' left this bottle of Prada on top of her jewelry box and the next time she went to use it , IT WAS EMPTY !!! Seems the perfume was siphoned up and into the atomizer -LRB- pump sprayer -RRB- and then it ALL LEAKED OUT and down the bottle `` glueing '' itself to the jewelry box . Now we have an EMPTY BOTTLE OF PRADA and A RUINED FINISH on the top of the jewelry box . I have sent Sephora an email explaining what had happened , but have not heard back from them . Beware of where you keep this bottle !!!!
 I love this scent and recieved it as a Mother 's Day gift in May . I wear it maybe once a week because it is a bit heavy for Houston summers . I checked the bottle last week and it was almost gone ! As another reviewer mentioned , the atomizer had leaked and my beautiful perfume had evaporated!I returned it to the store and they gave me a brand new , full bottle with a new atomizer . Now I 'm worried to even use it . Their impractical advice . `` Use the atomizer only when you want to wear the perfume . Otherwise , leave the other top on the bottle . '' Where am I supposed to store the atomizer in the meantime ? GRRRRR because I love the scent . I may just return this bottle for the spray .
 This smells really old and musty . I guess its all the matter of taste since I saw so many good reviews .
 I dislike most of the prada fragrances . I guess people are turned on by the name or something . I def do n't buy prada fragrances .
 This is , hands down , the worst perfume I have ever smelled . If you 're in the mood to smell sexy , do n't wear this . If you 're in the mood to smell girlish , do n't wear this . If you 're in the mood to smell classy , do n't wear this . In other words , I have no idea what kind of mood you have to be in to actually want to wear this . I literally went around work asking twenty coworkers what they thought , and they all agreed this was awful . The only person I can imagine wearing this is a senior citizen . It just smells terrible and drab . . and it was n't that I got a bad bottle either , I 've smelled it in stores and it 's the same . Truly terrible .
 Item arrived timely , however , the color is not the same as in the salon , thus defeating the purpose of touch ups in between salon visits . Thought my purchase was for unopened bottles that were sealed , they were not sealed . They claim `` they sell new and authentic products '' , however , if item is unsealed , how can it be new ! Was told no refunds on open bottles , -LRB- bottle came unsealed -RRB- so you really have no way of knowing if color is right unless you try it , then you ca n't return it because it 's been opened ! Makes no sense . Poor return policy . Will not buy from them again !
 After reading so many positive reviews about this product , I decided to take the plunge and order . This product just did n't agree with me . I have combination skin , which this product is formulated for as stated in the description , however , it left my skin feeling extra dry . In addition , after using this product for a few weeks , I started to break out . Unfortunately it did n't work for me .
 I thought this product said `` Dark '' because it is meant for darker , African American , skin tones . In most other lines , including Smashbox , Stila and Boots # 7 , the `` Dark '' tinted moisturizer suits my skin tone -LRB- I could be considered light brown skin -RRB- . However , this does not at all . Maybe by `` Dark , '' they mean `` Tan '' Caucasian skin . Also , I really did n't find this product to be very moisturizing . It 's not quite a moisturizer , and not quite make-up . Not impressed .
 $ 334.00 a bottle ?!?!? I agree with the previous person , get Aromatics Elixir and mix in a little of The Perfumer 's Workshop Tea Rose and , Voila ! , you 've got your original Fendi for women ! This $ 334.00 price tag is a TOTAL rip-off ! Try my formula above and you 'll be surprised !
 I bought 2 of these for $ 60.00 and they are perfume and they are 3.4 I did buy them last year but I would never pay that much for this even thoughit 's one of my fav . I bought mine at Long 's Drugs .
 I do n't know weather to trust amazon anymore with perfumes and cologne . I bought nautica twice and they were genuine and smelled great . I ordered this thinking it would be good plus it had so many good reviews . But I got ripped off . I do n't think I 'll ever buy cologne from amazon ever ...
 I wanted to give this cologne to my brother as a gift , and received a fake Ferrari cologne ! It rotted -LRB- started to stink -RRB- in a few weeks ! I am surprised that it is sold by AMAZON.COM LLC ... I
 i chose this product beacuse of a recommendationi also like the smell but the product i received doesnt smell the way i expectedi dont like it doesnt even lastdoesnt seem to be an original product
 Was pretty excited about this product from reading the high reviews . After 2 weeks of use , the abrasive paper started peeling off on both sides . Even though it says `` Waterproof '' I still made sure to dry it off & stand it up at an angle so any water I missed would drip off.I 'm not sure how it could be waterproof . After it peels up , it looks like it 's cardboard underneath.If this product stayed together , I would have given it a 5 . But for the money this cost and how long it last , it 's a big 1-star .
 I do like the way this looks on my brows
 I bought this on a recommendation , and akkk what a mistake . This stuff smells awful !! I only used it once and got rid of it !
 I have bought Mens Hollywood for many years and I do n't think this is the real stuff.Does not have the same strength as past purchases.Buyer beware from this seller !!
 I bought this cologne online for my husband for Christmas . I was drawn to it by the cool , classy looking bottle and packaging . I admit that I made the purchase without having ever smelled the cologne , and I consider that a lesson learned . This cologne absolutely REEKS ! At first , I thought it was my husband putting too much on . After cautioning him that `` A little goes a long way '' , the next day , I was overwhelmed once again when he walked into the room after having applied it . On day three , I came to the bathroom and sprayed him myself to ensure that it was not `` overdone '' . It did n't matter . This cologne is so strong and harsh that you simply can not use a small enough amount to make it work . If I wanted my husband to smell like cheap cologne , I would purchase the $ 7 stuff at the local department store . To me , Hollywood by Fred Hayman smells like what I would expect a sleazy bowling alley of the 70 's to have smelled like .
 I have been using Touch for Women for the Longest and it is my signature perfume . Unfortunately , I can not say the same for this one . I assumed that since the one for women was so good this one would also be , I WAS DEAD WRONG . I will not buy this perfume a second time
 I have been using this product now for 3 weeks and have not noticed any change at all . The product size is very small for the amount I paid for it
 I am very disappointed in this product , for one the brow gain is small , it would have been nice to have it the same size as a lip gloss or mascara bottle plus two in a package for the price of $ 35.00 which would be nice , but it is really rediculous for something so small to cost so much. , i ran out 3 weeks and the instructions say 6 weeks for growth. , hey , wait is n't that the usual time that it takes for the eyebrows to grow ??? , or that you notice that your over plucked eyebrows are starting to fill in ? . they deliberately put brow gain in a small package so you have to keep buying for any results , another $ 35.00 for another 3 week supply , boy , all you are paying for is a celebritie 's name , that is how these companies get you . I learned a lesson for this , that more $ $ $ does n't mean better results and the $ $ $ goes to the already rich celebritie 's pocket.I should have gone and bought Ardell brow grow $ 9.99 . , i know it worked 10X 's better for me . Ardell brow grow is the same size as mascara bottle plus it is a brush like the mascara has , and it works in 2 to 4 weeks . sorry Damone , not all of use have celebrity salaries .
 The Damone Roberts Beverly Hills - Brow Gain I have been using this product for about 4 weeks now and i do n't see any improvement and if you do n't plug your eyebrow for that long i 'm sure some of them will grow back out plus I feel that after the second week the bottle is empty and they charge too much for that little bit product .
 I have naturally sparse eyebrows and bought this product in hopes of getting even a little bit of extra growth . I used it twice a day for 7 weeks and photographed my results weekly . There was absolutely no new growth . This product may help people who have over plucked/waxed have faster regrowth but it will not give you new growth where your brows are naturally bare .
 I do n't think we 've been using this long enough to see results . At least we have n't seen any results yet , but it says it can take a while , so we 're still trying . Sometimes leaves a white film if you do n't rub it in well , which is a problem with my 15 year old son -LRB- he has lost the outer two-thirds of his eyebrows due to a rare skin disorder . -RRB-
 the product did not include very detailed information . therefore , i did not know how much product to use at one time . i felt as if the wand did not give me enough product to use . it may have been enough , but i had no frame of reference . should i feel a cold , wet feeling when i apply the gel-like substance ? all i know is the wand never felt like it had any product on it.also , i ran out of the product in the tube after three weeks . for this price , i would like for it to last at least the 4-6 weeks it takes to see results .
 Do n't be fooled by this product and do n't waste your money . I 'd expect more from a fancy salon in Beverly Hills . It 's an incredibly small tube with very little product , and it 's expensive for what little you get . You 'll go through the tube before you even remotely come close to what supply it claims to provide . Furthermore , it looks like a concoction of glittery gel . Really ... is this product for real or just a homemade gob of glittery goo that someone slapped a label on for eyebrow regrowth ? Based on my experience , I 'm going to say not real . Ladies , find another product to nurture your brows . Oh , and one more thing , I 'd give it 0 stars if that was an option . Just sayin ' .
 When I received the Brow Gain , I was shocked at the small size the Brow Gain . I had just spent $ 45.00 on this product that is at least one half the size of a mascara . When I applied the Brow Gain , I noticed that the wand seemed almost dry , but I continued to use the product until it became bone dry -LRB- which was about two weeks later -RRB- . I email and phoned the company with my dissatisfaction , but no one ever got back to me . The instructions said you would need to use the product for five months before you would see any results . Maybe Paris Hilton can afford this product , but I certainly can not . In my opion , it was a waste of money !!!
 I 'm a cancer survivor who lost most of my eyebrows during my chemotherapy treatment . I thought this product would be the answer I 'd been searching for but after using it for over a month I see no new growth . This was not only a waste of money but it got my hopes up for nothing .
 I have had very sparse brows for years . I stumbled upon this product and was hopeful that I would see even a small difference in my brows . Unfortunately , after two months of applying this every night I saw no increase in growth . My brows looked exactly the same after I used it for all this time.I was completely disappointed and wasted a great deal of money .
 The item came in black when I really needed white . It arrived fine , no problems , just not the correct color . When you are using it as a theatrical prop it is important to make sure your product matches the picture .
 BEWARE ! Not all Bath Addication/Spa Sister products are created equal , and you 're in deep trouble should you not be satisfied ! I bought some turbans -LRB- 1 good , 1 flimsy and crummy -RRB- in North Carolina but did n't open them until I returned to Texas . When I called to find out where I could exchange the unsatisfactory one , I was told I had to return to the place of purchase ! Incredulously , I asked them if they actually expected a retail customer to go half way across the country to return a $ 9 turban ?!?! They would n't provide a Texas retailer contact and continued to insist that it is company policy .
 My initial rating was based on sleeping with this mask for a few days , and based only on the fact that it blocked out light better than my previous grocery store purchased sleep mask . However , other than that this mask is horrible in the comfort area . It 's made of hard plastic on the outside and uncovered foam on the inside . It does block out light if you 're lying on your back , but if you 're a side sleeper you 'll have hard plastic pressing against the side of your face , which can be distracting and occasionally even painful . After a week or two I threw this out and went looking again . Although it 's twice as much , I found the perfect sleep mask
 This mask does block the light really well , as advertised . But , my eyes must be just a little too big , because when I wear this mask , the very inner edges of the foam eye-cutouts rest on the very outer corners of my eyes , and that foam feels like sandpaper on an area as sensitive as that!Seriously , rub along the very outer corners of your eyes ... Can you image a foam edge , putting pressure -LRB- from the Velcro head-strap -RRB- right in the corners of your eyes ? Now try sleeping like that.I had to use another , soft sleep mask underneath this one , to pad it . Which of course interferes with REM sleep . I 'm on here hoping to find a contoured sleep mask with bigger eye-holes ...
 Looked like what I need but there is a down side or two . Excellent at blocking light , however the frame is stiff plastic . When I lie down on my pillow the relative inflexibility of the frame pushes the whole thing out of place . The foam lining is very soft , but is BARE , uncovered foam and is irritating against the delicate skin whenever I move . Why is n't there a soft fabric cover or something similar ? Bad design for this purpose . Thumbs down , I 'm afraid .
 There is a HARD plastic outer layer to this mask , which is actually how it blocks out the light so well . The only problem is , this HARD plast layer RUBS against your nose and face when you wear it !! It irritates your face so bad , that it makes the actual act of `` sleeping '' virtually impossible -LRB- or in my case , completely impossible -RRB- . i do not recommend this mask at all . It gets 1 star because , although it DOES block out the light , it DOES NOT allow the wearer to sleep with it on . Thus , it is useless .
 The other reviews are correct about both its blocking ability and its lack of comfort . I honestly do n't see how they can make a product made of such hard material and expect it to be comfortable . Do n't use unless you only sleep on your back and then only if you have no feeling in your face .
 I received the cologne today with moderate hopes that it would be worth the cash dished out . I was sadly mistaken . It has an extremely strong at first which is a huge turn off . I have an extensive cologne collection and this is one of my least favorites .
 This product smells OKAY . JUST OKAY . There is NOTHING spectacular or &#34; wowing &#34; about this scent . It 's also not long-lasting . ONE THING
 item arrived within time frame given ! package was damaged upon receipt.Also , unfortunately - it is useless - the spray mechanism does not work.Therefore , no fragrance is released.the item was send as a gift - and is a disappointment to the recipient - and an embarrasment to the giver.God Bless America
 I got this perfume in hopes it would smell good.I was dissappointed it stinks , smells old or something , would not recommend this product for anyone who wants to smell good .
 I have purchased this spray for years from the store located in Santa Monica . When they closed that store , I figured that I could purchase the same spray online . I was wrong because this is NOT the same stuff ... not even close ! It actually stinks !! I 'm not sure if they changed the ingredients or if this is not the same stuff I used to get in the store . Anyway , needless to say , I was very dissappointed !!
 This is not my favorite hair coloring product . It 's extrememly messy , takes forever to rinse the glop out , and it leaves your hair dull looking and feeling like straw . Also , for me , the color change was far too subtle , even after an hour . There is , however , a LOT of product for the money -- you could easily do two applications from one box for long hair or more for short hair . If you want safe , SUBTLE color/highlights , this might be your thing . Just use a conditioner , especially one that gives shine to the hair . -LRB- See my review for the red shade -RRB-
 This product left all kinds of herb pieces and twigs in my hair . It is very poorly shifted and I ca n't tell if it had any conditioning effect because I 'm still washing the product out of my hair , several washes later . I will never buy this brand again , and will spend my money on a higher quality henna .
 not too happy with it . I know Manic Panic products do n't last that long usually , but this purple is worse than most . My hair currently is ` atomic turqoise ' and ` ultra violet ' , and I 've had it that way for over a month . I havent had to re-dye the blue at all -LRB- it has faded , but it 's still looking pretty good -RRB- , but I 've had to re-dye the purple THREE TIMES . it fades to a ugly greyish color after Like three or four hair washes . Not a product I would recommend .
 I 've used this dye multiple times hoping that everytime I use it , I will obtain the results that everyone else seems to get . But NO ! every single time that I have used this dye , the result is the same . i end up with bright BLUE hair without a hint of violet anywhere ! i do n't understand why this keeps happening , I 've put it over bleached hair and i keep getting the same result . The only time it turned remotely purple was when i put it over pink strands of hair . I am so frustrated with this product . Will not be buying this color again .
 Eep . I should have listened to my friends and not used this on bleached hair . It fades quickly and it fades to a sickly grey color on bleached hair in just a couple of weeks . On dark hair it simply fades to nothing in a few washes . Have had much better results with another brand .
 The color turned out a lot darker then it looks . The dye is very thick ; because of this I had to use my hands to get it to spread evenly . The dye came out in two washes .
 I absolutely love the design of this dryer . I ordered it because I have to use a dryer like this for my hair -LRB- I use very big rollers due to very curly hair ... it straightens and smooths without frying it -RRB- and when I travel , I have to lug it with me . This one would fit in a suitcase . HOWEVER , the vents are only in the top of the dryer , so it feels like it is burning the top of your head , but does n't dry the sides and bottom portion of hair . Also , this dryer is sooooo loud ! I have older bonnet style models that are much quieter . Wish someone would design a hard hat bonnet style dryer that collapses but drys the entire head , not just the top ! Just did n't work for me ... I had to send it back : -LRB-
 I decided to purchase the Conair HH400 due to the price , and lack of other options , as a replacement for a hair dryer that I have had for years . Aside from the hood being too short , the dryer being too loud and the limited heat settings -LRB- high and low -RRB- , this dryer has been overheating and the plug is almost completely melted . Since I used a different dryer with the same wattage for years without a problem , I have to believe that the dryer is the issue . I purchased this dryer in July 2012 and now , three months later , I have to purchase a new dryer . Apparently , I only had a month to return this dryer to Amazon , according to their return policy for this item . I DO NOT recommend this item .
 I do n't understand why anyone would like this product . It 's awful ! The bonnet is small beyond comprehension , it would work only if you had a flat head . NOTHING fits under this dryer , it 's so shallow.It also tripped my circuit breaker after only 5 minutes on the LOW setting , so I can only assume it 's so powerful and yet so poorly designed at the same time that if it had stayed on it would have FRIED the hair on the very top of my head while leaving the rest of my hair wet.I 'm just sorry I threw all the packaging out -LRB- I got it delivered to my office ad did n't want to carry the big box home -RRB- because I would definitely have returned it.This dryer is a total waste of money . DO NOT BUY IT !!!!!
 I was disappointed when I received the dryer because the bonnet is not very deep . Only the top portion of my head fit underneath so the majority of my hair would not get dry if I were to use this dryer . If my hair was shorter this would be okay but since I wrap my hair before drying , this dryer was not practical for me . I did not use it so I do not know how well it heats .
 Absolutely horrible design . Like other reviewers have said , the dryer only dries the top of your hair , which makes the drying process exceedingly long and tedious . I wish I could send this back , I absolutely hate it and can not believe that it is 1875 watts , since the drying process is so slow and inefficient.A waste of money , save your money and buy another hood hair dryer .
 When set for &#34; hot &#34; the cord gets very hot and am afraid it will start an electrical fire . Will use for five to ten minutes , let it cool off then start again .
 I use very large rollers and this bonnet was way too small ! Also the settings will not allow me to condition my hair . I was very disappointed .
 Bad design :1 -RRB- Unless you only have hair at the very top of your head , it 's crap . It does not have air flow holes low enough in the bonnet to dry the lower third of your hair ... . So , unles you like to head off to work or whatever out in the cold with wet hair at your neck , forget this product .2 -RRB- The so-called adjustable height only goes up -LRB- a little -RRB- , and it 's too high to begin with . This only makes 1 -RRB- above a worse problem .
 I have owned Conair products before and thought I could trust in them . I was very wrong . I really hate this dryer ! When you try to extend it to be higher , it tends to collapse . But the worst is the fact that the actual drying area is so shallow that I ca n't even dry the bottom of my hair ; if you use large curlers for long hair , you simply ca n't get them all into the bonnet . In addition , the space to store the cord is tiny and you have to crush the cord into it . It is a waste of money .
 This dryer is only deep enough to dry the top of your hair . There are no side vents .
 Dryer had to be returned because the hood is too small to go over the head when you have rollers in . Which is basically the point of this type of dryer . At least for me it was . The bottom of your hair will remain wet.If you have long hair or just enjoy using larger rollers for a fuller look , please select another dryer .
 I was very disappointed once I received the item . Some of the reviews gave it high marks which I can not understand . It is poorly constructed and the air vents only cover the top half of your head . I used it once and it was hurting my hearing so I could n't finish using it . It truly sounds like a small propelled airplane is right next to you .
 i 've never ordered this type of dryer before . . and I thought the collapsible was a great idea . But 1st time using it was horrible . I noticed a distinct odor blowing at first it smelled like it was burning ... but then something else no idea what it was it was n't 2 minutes when I had problems breathing , chest pain when attempted to breathe and burning eyes . Once I turned it off and the air cleared the problem stopped . I do n't know what that problem was all about but it should be on recall . I ended up having to return it . I could n't understand conair is a good brand . I would n't recommend this particular dryer to anyone .
 When I received the hair dryer , the part that you flip underneath was broken !! I knew that it could not have been my fault because as soon as I took it out of the box , a plastic piece fell and I saw the damage . I think that I wasted my money on this product and I could have bought something better . I also agree with review number one , it does not have enough hair hole to dry the front or `` edges '' of my head . Overall this is a satisfactory product but I would not recommend this to everyone .
 The second time I turned it on , it fizzled off after about 5 minutes , on the low setting . I returned it to Conair -LRB- $ 20 for shipping -RRB- for repair . I do n't see from the comments here that this is a common problem , so perhaps just my bad luck . I 'll update the review when I see how Conair does in honoring the -LRB- 1 year limited -RRB- warranty . So far , one of the worst $ 50 I 've spent -LRB- original cost plus shipping cost to Conair for repair . Yet another reminder just to go for quality , next time . You end up spending the same amount in the end -- might as well get something reliable that lasts . Sigh .
 I have used this hair dryer about 4 times so far and each time the sides and the hair on the nape of my neck is not just damp , but soaking wet . Even when you adjust the hood to the lowest possible height , you will walk away with parts of your hair sloppy wet . Pleeeeaaasse done purchase this ...
 Not sure what I received from Amazon . This is nothing more than water in a bottle . The bottle was even fake . I am extremely disappointed in AMAZON . Unfortunately , I tossed the box and receipt before testing since I was so excited and it never occured to me this would be a fraud . I payed $ 67 thinking it was better than $ 110 in the store . NOT !!
 This product was watered down and does n't smell like it does in department stores . I guess I should n't have expected to get it for 1/3 the price and have it meet my expectations .
 I purchased the Alterna Hemp Straightening Balm about two weeks ago and it arrived in a timely manner . That 's about the only positive thing I can say unfortunately.I have very thick wavy hair . And using as directed this product leaves much to be desired . Did not help with straightening at all . It also did not help with the frizziness or fly-away hairs either . I used on towel dried hair and also kept reapplying as I straightened with my flat iron and comb . My hair continued to curl and was a frizzy mess afterward . I also tried using the product simply with a blow dryer and paddle brush and had the same results.Paul Mitchell 's Super Skinny Serum is a much better way to go . It works great and leaves my hair shiny , tame , and STRAIGHT !! I really feel like I threw 19 dollars in the garbage!Maybe this product would work well on someone who 's hair is not as thick as mine but who knows.If you have very thick hair that 's curly or wavy I would definitely go with a different product !!
 I found that his poduct was n't worth the price . When I first applied it , the product like a 4.00 moisturizer . It 's very over priced .
 I bought these from a clearance bin , thinking `` what the heck , give it a try . '' Well , even the smallest amount of money is a waste . They are nothing more than poorly-fitting plastic gloves . Even the plastic gloves that come with my hair color fit better ! There is absolutely nothing about these gloves that will help your hands . My aunt would have called them `` a boondoggle . '' Do n't buy them !
 I ordered these as holiday gifts for a couple extended family members in early December . Although out of town for a while , I was encouraged by the order & shipping confirmations from Amazon.Imagine my surprise , when I arrived home , to find a basically empty package with a note ... `` We regret that we are unable to fulfill your order ... in the meantime , we are enclosing a sample of one of the newest products we have received in stock . `` Thanks so much - left me hanging & had to get other gifts at the last minute .
 Seller sends out a sample and coupon . Called and says instead of sending a refund they sent a $ 5 coupon . HUH ??? They thought it was alright to do this to customers . This is stealing !
 I got this for a gift for my son -LRB- tried to at least -RRB- . About 20 days after I got the shipping information I received 2 letters -LRB- no email , nothing implying that they had no intention of ever shipping what was ordered -RRB- The letters had a $ 5 gift card with a sample of some horrid woman 's perfume that my wife told me to `` throw away because it smelt like garbage '' . Why would I want a gift card to a company that never sends what people order?Calling their customer service department did not good.Just a warning to everyone .
 Package sent late & NOT what I ordered . A teeny tiny sample of Mercy Jane Violets sent with a coupon for free shipping on my next order . WHY WOULD I ORDER FROM THEM AGAIN ? Why did n't they CX my order & give refund before shipping ??
 Purchased couple of bottles Grey Flannel on 12/2/07 . Rec 'd shipping confirmation . When pkg arrives - it turns out to be a padded envelope w/an apology stating they are oos . Contacted CR same day to request refund - as of today , monies have yet to be creditted . Not a company I would do business with again .
 I got Grey Flannel from Amazon after reading all the reviews . The first time , I used it I got really turned off . Not planning to use it any more.Will not recommend to anyone .
 Old ladies seem to like it on me . Maybe that 's because it smells like I rolled in potpourri . At least it does n't announce it 's presence before you do . Decent longevity . If you work in a nursing home or are visiting grandma , a sample vial of this would do you good .
 gray flannel is an old cologne that simply does n't hold up whatsoeverinvest in something quality , cleaner and fresher
 Ok I bought this cologne and sprayed it and could n't wash it off fast enough ! it smells like cat piss ! do yourself a favor and do n't pay attention to all of these old people that praise this . Although if you wanted to wear this hunting instead of spritzing yourself with deer piss I 'm sure this would work as well .
 When this cologne was popular I would use it liberally and it smelled great.Not so today.I purchased it sort of like you would buy an oldie music album . Nostalgia modivated me.But the smell is more alcohol then aromatic scent that I remember it being.If you get nostalgic for Grey Flannel buy an old music CD instead .
 I 've read about Grey Flannel and it was a popular fragrance in the 80 's . I 'm into the 80 's colognes and I have never smelled Grey Flannel . It was available for a cheap price so I thought , I 've heard so much about it and how so many people used it how could I go wrong for $ 14 ? Well let me tell you folks , this is a hard cologne to love . It starts out smelling like some kind of turpentine or medicine its really rough . It does eventually settle down to a calmer smell , but still strong enough to repel others . I ca n't bring myself to wear this one again , but I 'll keep it for nostalgia sake . Pheew !
 I used this stuff when I was younger.It was harsh on my skin . I 'm glad to see they 've since thrown in some aloe into the mix of their `` medication , '' but I 'd recommend people use other approaches to their acne.Also avoid the creams with Benzyol Peroxide , which some studies show causes tumors in mice.Do an Amazon search for `` natural acne treatment , '' and you 'll find other options that are better for the overall health of your skin.Also , a diet that is more alkaline , with lots of fruits and vegetables will reduce the body acidity that promotes bacteria growth.Note - also avoid antibiotics for acne like tetracycline . This approach kills off useful bacteria.The Antibiotic Paradox
 It DOES NOT work , and it is really sad because all the non toxic claims sounded great , but if it does n't remove the polish ... what 's the point?I bought this for my little daughter , to prevent her from toxic exposure to regular nail polish remover , but its performance falls short of our expectations . I did n't return the product , but would never buy it again nor recommend it .
 The shipper was great . Received the product promptly . However , the product is a bust . I read the instructions carefully , and was even prepared to spend more time removing the nail polish if it meant it was less toxic . But after 20 minutes of rubbing my nail with the remover and there was little to no change , I gave up . All it did was make the polish a little softer so it was slightly easier to chip off ... but it did not remove the polish by any means . Try another brand .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I was looking for a gentle nail polish remover . There were no directions included in package contrary to product listing and the remover did not remove anything . My cotton ball/pad was still clear after scrubbing and trying to remove polish .
 The product does not contain any of toxic ingredient -LRB- at least that I am aware of -RRB- . The smell is not too bad however it only removes water based nail polish .
 This stuff does not work . I wish it would because it is really natural non-toxic product , but it does not do its job neither on conventional nail polish or acquarella nail polish . By the way I followed all the given instructions and suggestions - no success .
 I was looking for a nail polish remover that had the least amount of toxins so I decided to try this product since it was on the EWG.org website . It would not take the Acquarella polish off . I even followed the directions , letting it soak the nail , but it still did n't work . I had to use another brand . Though , I am very pleased with the nail polishes .
 I have a few allergies that I recently found out about so I have been trying to buy more organic and natural products . I found this brand and when I saw the nail polish remover -LRB- with the nail polishes -RRB- , I thought I 'd try . Well , not only does the nail polish flake off in a couple of days but the nail polish remover , that is suppose to take off this special nail polish , does n't make a dent . I used 1/4 of the bottle without removing a speck of the color . I had to resort to old fashion nail polish remover which took it off in one swipe . This natural/organic product is not worth buying .
 This remover , although healthy for you and your nails , takes a bit of work to remove the polish , but I guess that 's why it 's not bad for you .
 I 've tried all the `` green '' beauty products out there , and this is by far the worst ... sorry , I do n't have time to let my nails sit in remover for 5 minutes so that I can then go back with more remover and try to scrub the polish off . Tried it once and threw it in the garbage -- what a waste of my time and money . It 's time people out there make green products that WORK and SMELL GOOD !
 I read the bad review and risked it , thinking the polish we are trying to remove would be easier as it 's all natural -LRB- Piggy Paint -RRB- . Nope . Did n't work at all . Soaked for a minute and it softened it , but no amount of rubbing would remove it .
 This remover is n't helpful in taking off the nail polishes and it smells vaguely off putting . It 's also feels strangely soapy and greasy at the same time.However , I love Aquarella nail polishes so what I do is remove them with soap and just peel off the rest with my finger nails or a scrubby in the shower . Some soaps are better than others for this , but I natural oil-based soap usually does the trick.Don ' t bother buying the remover .
 I know it is supposed to be water based and non-toxic , but it does n't do what it is supposed to do . Which is to remove the acquarella nail polish .
 THIS DID NOT DO A THING TO REMOVE MY NAIL POLISH !!!! The reason i gave it 2 and not one star is b/c my nail polish is from a nail salon and probably the `` bad toxic kind '' so I will give this one more chance with my nontoxic piggy paint polish but as it did n't even put a dent in the other stuff , i do n't have high hopes.as for letting it soak for a while ... . i let it soak for like 30 minutes and it still did n't work !
 I wish I could say that this was worth the while , because it is supposedly safe and earth-friendly , but it does not remove nail polish !
 Does n't work at all . It 's sudsy like it has a soap base , but could n't get any of the nail polish off , even scrubbing over and over .
 I had to return this product as it does not remove the polish at all . Not even slightly .
 This product does n't work at all . I sat there scrubbing at my nail trying to get the polish off to no avail ... I may as well have been using fragrant water . It 's a shame really , I ca n't even return it because I lost the receipt .
 I read so many reviews , raving about how this product really defines my curls and helps texturize and glaze it . Honestly it did n't do a thing but make it smell good.that 's probably why I gave it a 1 star , other than that It really disappointed me . And did I mention how pricey it is for a texturizing product . Nothing beats my Loreal tec ni texx if for all hair texturizing purpose .
 I was quite happy with the product until I found out on the website Cosmetic Safety Database that Hemp with Organics is highly toxic . Wow , I guess `` organics '' is really a misleading advertisement ; there 's nothing organic in this product . I 'll look for another product to use in the future .
 I really wanted this item for a halloween costume this year . The item is very small and lightweight and the charge was 0.99 . The postage and handling charge was 7.99 ! I could n't believe it so I emailed Amazon to complain . The company owner lowered the postage by $ 3.00 so I purchased it . I would have cancelled it but I really needed it!I gave this item 2 stars ; actually the item itself is just fine , good quality , however the postage charge was so high I was very unsatisfied .
 I purchased this product because I read a review that the smell was great . First of all I put it on and my skin was very greasy . The smell was strong but not pleasant . Someone else may like the scent , but I did n't . It reminded me of stale hay or something like that . I will not be purchasing this again .
 When my purchase arrive , I was disappointed to see that the bottles looked like they 'd been discovered at the back of someone 's drawer and offered for sale . The lettering on the bottle had worn away and the finish on the cap was chipped . It was a nice touch to throw in the half empty perfume samples . In future , if you do n't like a perfume , feel free to throw out the sample instead of shipping it to a customer on the pretext of generously giving an added bonus . The seller should be embarrassed with this effort .
 the first day I used this deodorant it worked great for the first half of the day , but completely failed by the afternoon . embarrassing odor.the next day it actually worked for most of the day , until my skin started to burn , sting & break out with blisters.good news is after almost a week of using hydrocortisone creams & other ointments i ' am finally healing.Don ' t use this product.Christopher Gordon
 Do not buy this product !! The polish does n't stay on your nails , it peels off easily . Not worth the money !!
 I would not recommend this product at all . it took my manicurist FOREVER to take off my Aquarella nail polishes . If you 're going for a natural polish , go elsewhere .
 This is worse than the polish . I threw out about $ 75 on these products and I had to have my manicure done twice in a nail salon.It deserves no stars .
 The conditioner can be used as a clear polish by itself . When applying it per the directions it will build up a base coat on the nail so that the colored polish will adhere . The problem is that as your nails grow out or just from daily wear and tear , the conditioner/polish will start to chip and the `` remover '' will not completely remove it . This is OK if you keep applying the base coat because it will hide the uneven nail surface to some degree , but looks messy if you want to discontinue the products . Regular nail polish remover wo n't remove it either . It has to grow out or wear off .
 You can buy the RAZOR with the CORD brand new from Target for $ 38 , why pay $ 30 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- for the cord ?
 I bought this b/c I read that Nicole Richie had worn this sent forever and loved it . She must want to smell like a old lady ... it reminded me of a European grandmother with a bad facelift ! Come on Nicole , time to try something cool . May I suggest light blue , cartier , or child-just to name some good perfumes . Do n't buy this unless you are over sixty years old !!
 This item has no power and is useless . I paid $ 10 for a similar item that works better . NO way is this thing worth $ 30 and it is going back as soon as possible !
 Ever since I saw the movie Carrie , and she washes the blood out of her hair with a bar of soap - I 've always wanted to wash my hair with a bar of soap . Well , I did , with this bar of soap . And it 's true , the first time you use it , it really does do something for your hair . Yes , your hair is squeaky clean , and as others mentioned , you may think you need to use conditioner - but do n't - you do n't need too . The second use , well ... and the third - oh for the luv of - not so much . All soap is oil based , and changing from one type to another will make a difference the first couple of uses - then it stops working . This stopped working sooner than most - it made my hair flat and without any shine . Needless to say , the novelty of the bar wore off and I wo n't be buying any more .
 Let me preface this by saying that this does not work with hard water . I 'm pretty sure others have mentioned this , but since it 's the primary reason for this review , I have to say it again . I gave this shampoo bar 2 weeks . During that time , my hair was somewhat thicker , but it was also constantly filled with static , and just seemed really dry -LRB- which is weird , because I normally have oily hair -RRB- . The fact of the matter is that SLS was pretty much created to work well with hard water -- and it does . I pretty much have no choice but to continue to use my regular shampoo . I 'm sure this shampoo probably works great with soft water , but since I do n't have soft water , I ca n't really say . I only know it did n't work for me .
 I gave this a star because it 's so ECO FRIENDLY -LRB- reduces plastic shampoo bottles going into landfills ! -RRB- and because of the GREAT PRICE -LRB- $ 1.76 / ounce -RRB- . My hair is long , medium thick , dry & color-treated . Sadly , this shampoo left my hair DRY & TANGLED , yet my scalp OILY . I now use Lush solid shampoo -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- which is more pricey -LRB- $ 2.80 - $ 6.30 / ounce -RRB- but still eco friendly and it works really well . If Liggett 's formula is changed , I 'd be willing to try it again .
 I bought this shampoo bar to save space in the airport but using it was a regret . I had extremely visible dandruff after a week of use . Definitely a natural space saver if your hair and scalp can handle it .
 Obviously , this shampoo bar works for some people since it has recieved some very positive reviews . It made my hair extremely dry and it felt like it had left a lot of residue on my hair inspite of me washing it off multiple times . It made my hair feel very waxy and sticky . Not for me !!!
 I read a lot about using this kind of shampoo before I bought it , so I knew I 'd have to use it for a while before I could really know how it worked . I really wanted to like it but it left my hair feeling gross and hard to manage ; this did n't get better over time either , it always felt pretty much exactly the same .
 i was trying to simplify my hygiene routine so i purchased this bar shampoo hoping it would be a good two in one for my naturally curly hair . i was definitely wrong . it has a very drying sticky consistency when you use it in the shower , but seems to leave my hair oily afterwards . i will not be using or purchasing this product again .
 I have used JR Liggetts bar shampoo in the past and had good results , but this herbal formula did not work out for me . After using it , my hair became dull , tangled -LRB- even when using conditioner -RRB- and started to break . I do n't know why the other kind worked for me but not this one . I used a regular shampoo -LRB- Aveeno -RRB- and my hair was mostly okay again . I 'll just use the remainder of this as a body wash .
 I loved the scent and the way it made my actual hair feel and look BUT oh no ! My scalp went wild with an allergic reaction to an ingredient . Not sure which one.It is most likely a more unique thing to some people but beware that it is a possiblity.Fiddle sticks ! If only I had n't had it happen .
 This soap was purchased for a traveling occasion as I 'm attempting to perfect the one-bag packing technique while avoiding carrying liquids on the plane . The original soap was recommended on a `` one-bag packing site '' and being into herbs I went with the herbal version.My hair is pretty long and fine , though not too thin , with a slight wave . It does have a tendency to get frizzy if I do n't condition it properly . Honestly , I was a little disappointed . I never felt like I could rinse out all of the soap properly without also using a regular shampoo , and consequently my hair looked kind of dull , sticky and frizzy even after trying to supplement with conditioner . It also did n't smell as good as I was hoping considering the ingredient list.My husband has short shiny black hair and when he used the soap he did n't -LRB- or was n't able to -RRB- rinse it out properly and some flakes fell off his head making him appear to have dandruff -LRB- which turned out to be soap on closer examination . -RRB- Perhaps the original version is better ? I 'm hesitant now to try it though , and am going to try Burt 's Bee 's Rosemary Mint shampoo bar next and see how that goes .
 Reading the ingredients list , you 'd think this shampoo would be great . But it is n't . It dries out your hair , and leaves it a tangled mangled mess . And as the previous reviewer said , it leaves your hair `` dull '' . I use a TON of hair products , and let me tell you , this one is the worst.Under no circumstances would I recommend this product .
 I am so disappointed with what I received . Not only does the bottle look different from my original but it also STINKS . Wish I could return , but amazon wo n't let me . TERRIBLE .
 I have very oily skin and needed to find a sunscreen . I like dermalogicas other products so I tried this one . I was so surprised at how shiny my face was right after I put it on ! I returned it immediately .
 This product was huge disappointment to me . My skin is oily to very oily depending on weather . This product is supposed to ` mattify ' . Not only did it leave a shine film on my face on its own but also after slight sweating my face looked like in grease because of this product . Terrible !
 I splurged on this sunblock because I had hoped it would be the equivalent of Jan Marini 's matte sunblock , which also uses microsponge technology . I was very unhappy to find that this Dermalogica product , for which I paid a very hefty sum , actually makes my face shiny ! Ridiculous . If I had n't driven an hour to buy it , I 'd return it .
 To start off I am not sure if this product was made for African american hair . I am not african american and I have long silky type hair that is wavey and kind of cury but not really . I tried this product in the hopes it will turn my waves more into a curl.I only had to use very little as it goes a long way . By the next day my hair looked DISGUSTING . It looked/was so oily and looked so dirty.I do n't have a problem with oily hair - ever have . Not even if i dont was my hair 3 days .
 i had to try this item out after reading all the reviews.so far after several tries - i am not too impressed.the positives
 this product is terrible ! if you have naturally curly hair it will leave your hair sticky ! the only good thing is the smell ! its hard to wash t out , i will not buy again .
 Would not buy this product again because it has too much water in it and makes my particular hair frizzy .
 I bought this product because I liked how it was made with all natural ingredients . I used it on my 1 year old daugher 's hair -LRB- 4c -RRB- . I liked the way it smelled . I worked well as a detangler on my daughter 's wet hair , but once the hair was dry there was no moisture added . Her hair looked dull and dry . I will use it until the end of the bottle , but I will not be buying it again .
 Alright , I bought this for its excellent review showing above , and I thought this maybe a miracle for my acne face . But , when i get this , i realized that the color is , at the first place , way too white for me . I am an asian women with a pretty light skin base -LRB- for asians -RRB- &#65292; and the SX02 color is still too light . I put it on with brushes on my face . The fact is , it WONT EVEN BLEND IN ! It is super cakey and wont conceal my scars at all , then I thought I only use on my spots , not over the face , it still wont work ! At last I figure out I might just mix it up with a moisturizer , it out after the mixing up it is barely a tinted moistrizer , no coverage at all ! i wish i can send this back to the company .
 I was looking to purchase perfume Terra Nova Rain and the roll on essence smells good but goes quickly . Would have preferred a one ounce bottle of perfume .
 The picture of this item shows Dermalogica Extra Rich Faceblook SPF 30 , which is what I wanted to buy . Even as I review this item now , it says I am reviewing the extra rich faceblock . The item that is sent , however , is something called `` Solar Defense '' . It is a sunscreen but not the moisturizer cream that I wanted . In any case , it is not what is pictured . This should be corrected !
 I have been looking high and low for a product that does n't burn my skin as soon as I apply it . I carefully poured over 100 's of reviews about different sunscreens and one name that kept popping up was Dermalogica . I thought , why not lets see if this is what I was missing from my daily routine . Alas , as soon as I put it on , BURNING sensation began immediately . Sigh . Onward and forward I hunt for this elusive sunscreen that wo n't burn my face before I even attempt to go outdoors .
 I would not recommend this product just because it is to heavy and the cord on it is like a big extension cord and very long . It works fine but is hard to use .
 I received my iron and it 's only 21/4 inches . The box says 3 '' , am I missing something ? How are the sizes of others ? ... have you measured it ?
 I was hoping for a gel . This is a cream that seemed to dry the ends of my hair out .
 its okay the swabs are not as fat with cotton as i would like them to be , they skimpy with the cotton and are about half the usual amount .
 The bottle that arrived was a different color than the one shown online . The one shown online was the one I ran out of . What was shipped to me smelled different . They were good about the return though .
 This eyeshadow is blue . I just ca n't get into it . I thought it would be gray , perfect for smoky eyes or evening eyes . It 's 80 's blue !
 Immediately upon opening what appears to be a genuine box , it appeared that the Cologne was off-color . in addition , the bottle had a very similar design , but was not quite like all the others I have purchased over the years . Then finally , the smell was not at all the pleasant one to which I have grow accustomed over the years.Either this cologne went bad or some one worked quite hard to pass a fake off as the real thing.I am glad this was only the travel size -LRB- for my carry on bag -RRB- ; less money wasted . Probably wont bother filing a claim . Just shop elsewhere . I guess the lowest price has a cost .
 This scent is too pungent ! I had to wash it off as it was giving me a headache . Love the product so will have to find another scent .
 This cream was not the fragrance I had hoped for . It smells more like plastic than lilac . It takes awhile to absorb leaving a coating of white the skin . Will not purchase this brand again .
 I purchased this product from Walmart , for around $ 12 . I 'm not sure why they call it a peel , because it is not . The lotion in the kit is decent , it is n't sticky or greasy . However , I did n't notice any result in reducing breakouts or helping with acne scars .
 It makes your skin really dry and the moisturizer feels oliy to meIt worsened my acne overall.Please consider carefully before you buy this !
 NOt sure if it does anything to my 4a/b hair . I dont hate it , but I have found no difference either way .
 I found this product too heavy on my hair . I use it along with Dr. Bronner 's shampoo , and I feel my hair oily right after it 's blow dried . Plus the scent -LRB- I bought the original one -RRB- is so strong it does n't even smell clean or fresh . I will use it until it 's gone but I just ca n't wait to go on to another product .
 I have very coarse , dry natural hair and this conditioner did not moisturize my hair but it did leave a sticky residue on my hair , in my shower , around my tub , on towels and everywhere else I put my hair while it was damp . I could have gotten the same level of conditioner from pantene or aussie . For the amount that I paid I expected more . Not reccommended .
 I have been on a two-year hunt for all-natural , organic , sulfate-free , ` cone-free , paraben-free products for my chemically sensitive skin , oily scalp , long Asian hair which is fine but with some coarseness to it , and dry ends . I also would like it to be vegan -LRB- or at least vegetarian -RRB- and not tested on animals because I 'm a vegetarian . Phew ! I REALLY wanted to love this product because it has such a cult following so I used it for over a week even though with most products if my scalp itches and my hair starts falling out I do n't use it more than once.To be fair , it did seal my dry ends -- which have been damaged from years of using conditioners with silicone and dimethicone -LRB- read up on the damage that ` cones do if unfamiliar -RRB- -- and my hair looked beautiful for about two hours . Then it became heavy and greasy . After two or three uses my ends became dry , brittle and staticky from the huge amount of protein in this conditioner . I had to spray a leave-in conditioner on the ends in order to detangle . Also , my scalp was incredibly itchy and I was shedding hair like crazy , even when I was using it only on my ends . I experienced this to an even greater degree with another one of Aubrey Organics ' conditioners -- the Chamomile Luxurious volumizing conditioner.Normally I would n't blame a product for my hypersensitivity and give it two stars , especially since it does exactly what it says it will do , which is restructure and repair damaged and overprocessed hair . But I bought it because on the Aubrey Organics website this conditioner was specifically recommended for those with sensitive scalps and for all hair types which I believe to be flat-out not true . Those with sensitive scalps , fine hair , heavy hair and oily hair will not be happy with this . In fact , many reviews on other sites say that this conditioner is not for frequent use , just deep conditioning.I have since been to a dermatologist and was told that if you are chemically sensitive then the essential oils and plant essences that these organic products contain are often very potent and very irritating . So I 've since switched to Free & Clear shampoo and Earth Sciences fragrance-free conditioner . The Free & Clear fragrance-free shampoo does contain ` cones though so I 'm still on the hunt for the HG product for all my unique problems .
 Of all the Aubrey organics I have tried , this is the worst ! It has a nice , creamy consistency and does n't smell too badly , but it left my hair and scalp terribly oily . I suffered acne break-outs all over my forehead , behind my ears and on my neck where my hair touched my skin . Unless you live in a dry climate or have damaged hair , I strongly recommend you DO NOT use this product . Aubrey has plenty of other conditioners to choose from -- my favorite of which is the Honeysuckle Rose formula .
 So disapointed !!! I read info about Ingredients , and decided to buy this conditioner . Then it come it has the differents Ingredients like Aqua , cetyl alcohol , alcohol denat !! so bad for my hair !!
 It arrived earlier than i expected , but the parfurm does n't smell as strong as the parfurm i used to buy in a normal shop . It 's just the same fragance but weaker , as if it was mixed with water , so 5 minutes after spraying the fragance is gone . Definetely not buying from them again !!!
 First thing that happened
 This is one of the worst things I have ever purchased . It did NOTHING for my hair - no brightness , no color change , no nothing . My hair was dull and lifeless and I had to wash it again to get rid of the residue . I would NOT recommend this to anybody .
 I tried Fanci-full Rinse `` Black Rage '' to try and turn my hair black for Halloween . I followed the directions on the bottle , which stated that I was to put the product on towel damp hair . They recommend that you use gloves , which they do not provide . The product splattered all over my bathroom and all over me . I finished the rinse as per the instructions , and attempted to dry my hair . The product made it extremely difficult to dry my hair , resulting in tangles and knots . Also , Fanci-full advertises that you can `` try a new hair color for a day '' . Well , the color I ended up with was anything but black . It dyed my light brown hair a slightly darker brown , and gave me absolutely awful texture . I DO NOT recommend this product .
 Price OK . Delivery speed excellent . Condition fine.This monitor did not sync for me most of the time.Sceptre support says use email but all their addresses bounce.Phone answerer says `` what is the meaning of ` sync ' ? `` Yes I saw it sync several times in windoze and in linux , even at 1280x1024 , and usually on a text screen . Beautiful when it did , but to receive a non-working unit is just not cool .
 I was disappointed with the end result in that I could so absolutely NO difference whether I used this or not .
 I know the product and is good , but , Not satisfied with packaging of this item . Item arrived with 1/3of product missing , due improper sealing of the top of the bottle , and product having spilled inside the carton carrying goods.People should be very carefull with these type of items , becauseleakage can cause serious discoloration of other items .
 I ordered 3 Peek-A-Boo Clear 920 , I received 3 sugar coated 900 . The envelopes with the lip gloss identified each as Peek-A-Boo Clear 920 . Because it was cosmetics , and the item is not sealed , the so called easy return was anything but . I did get my refund but it took a lot of time on my side .
 It was the consistency of clay . The Peak-a-Boo color has great a great consistency . Wo n't purchase again from this company .
 I ordered two of these little things , and in the photos they make them appear to be several ounces worth ... at least two or three . I was expecting them to take up the palm of my hand by the size of them in the photos . They are only approximately 1/2 ounce according to the packaging , and about the size of a golf ball . $ 8.00 for half an ounce of perfume is ridiculous , not to mention the fact that they overcharge for their shipping on top of that . The product is rather low quality and WAY over priced .
 There is little to no scent . The only thing positive about the product was the container . Does n't smell like the oil at all .
 I like a lot of Auric Blends Temple Essence Perfume . For their low price , some of them are actually quality scents . I love Dark Opium and their single note scents as well . But I can NOT recommend this horrible jasmine . It was synthetic through & through in its single note . I gave it time , in its container and on my skin , but nevertheless , I threw it out . The container is adorable of course , but my complaint about all of their solids is that the lids do n't screw on.Maybe I was just sent an old container , I do n't know . But do n't clutter up your perfume collection with this UNLESS you smell it in person & it does n't have the synthetic stench .
 Does NOt work , taste nasty . VEry expensive and it just dont do the job . It leaves your hair dry.RETURNED **
 I did n't like this product at all . It did n't work for me . It has a very thick consistency and it did n't have any slip . My hair felt dry after I washed the conditioner out . I was not happy that I bought it . I do n't know if the reason is that the conditioner states that it is for damaged hair and that was n't my condition of my hair .
 I use many Alba Even Advanced products
 For $ 28 , I could have gotten a pile of lip gloss at the local drugstore , with brushes . Why does Pixie not make room in the pallete for a brush ?? You have to carry it seperately.The taste of this gloss is horrible , the pans are shallow -LRB- so you will run out quickly -RRB- and the colors are all the same pinky-red with no debth . Thumbs down ...
 I 'm very dissapointed with Paradise Perfume . They have not delivered the product I ordered and payed for , and they do n't answer my e-mails . I reccommend others to stay far away from Paradise Perfumes .
 I just returned this straightening iron because it was defective . When I turned it on to use it made a buzzing electrical sound that certianly did n't sound safe . It also caught my hair a lot and ripped it . Even if the iron I received was n't defective , I do n't think it would be worth purchasing . Thanks to amazon for a speedy refund though .
 This product would have received 5 stars for products quality . I gave only 1 star because the cuticle repair pen contains next to no product . I used the pen the first day I received it . When I went to use it the next day , I was suprised to see that it was empty . I do n't think this was a random occurance , I bought 3 pens and so far 2 of the 3 have only had one application in them . Such a waste !
 I liked the other brand I had . Too watery . I use it for a base and liked the feel of the other brand .
 desde que compre mi pedido no me sabido nada respecto y ya me preocupa desde el a & ntilde ; o pasado desde el mes de noviembre ... por favor deseo repuesta de seguimiento y me lo debitaron que hago necesito repuesta por favorVery Irresistible Sensual de Givenchy para la Mujer , Eau De Parfum Spray , 2.5 oz botellaeste es el productoDESDE Que Compre mi pedido no me Sabido nada respecto y ya me preocupa Desde El A & ntilde ; o Pasado Desde El mes de noviembre ... Por Favor Deseo repuesta de Seguimiento y me lo debitaron Que Hago necesito repuesta Por favor Very Irresistible de Givenchy Sensual Para La Mujer , Eau De Parfum Spray , 2.5 oz botella ESTE ES EL Producto NECESITO PARA QUE ME repuesta REEMBOLSEN MI DINERO POR FAVOR RESPONDAME
 fragrance in bottle not original . . No wonder it 's sold cheaper ... but why waist your money for fakes ?? ...
 Very disappointing . I ordered this item in July 07 - used it maybe 20 or 30 times tops . Went to use it in Dec. 08 , it would n't turn on . The Reset button on the plug does n't stay depressed and so it just wo n't turn on anymore . Good thing they only warranty it for 1 year - a lot of good that does me . Good iron while it lasted I guess . Too much $ for poor quality .
 I really wanted to get this product , I need retinol plus the other ingredients like C and peptides but I do n't want the chemicals either . I am referring to `` BHT '' which is the last ingredient in this product . I am posting this article here for other people who feel the same way I do and for others not aware of the potential problems with `` BHT '' skin care lines . I gave this a one star rating due to the BHT chemical in this product.This is the original link from the website `` The Good Human `` September 24th , 2009What Is BHT And Why You Should Avoid It.It 's time to discuss another toxic chemical in our food and skin care products , and this time we 're asking What is BHT ? Butylated Hydroxytoluene , or BHT , is an anti-oxidant which reacts with oxygen free radicals to slow down the autoxidation rate of ingredients in a product that can cause changes in the taste or color . As such , it is primarily used to prevent fats in foods from becoming rancid - but it is also used in cosmetics , pharmaceuticals , jet fuels , rubber , petroleum products , electrical transformer oil , and embalming fluid . Sure sounds like BHT is something that should definitely be in our food , right?Dangers of BHTTurns out this additive , used in all the above products , has a scary MSDS -LRB- Material Safety Data Sheet -RRB- that says the following : Do NOT let this chemical enter the environment.Combustible.Ingestion causes Abdominal pain . Confusion . Dizziness . Nausea . Vomiting.The substance may have effects on the liver.The substance is harmful to aquatic organisms.That certainly makes BHT look even more appetizing to have in our food and in our cosmetics ! The Skin Deep site rates BHT as having a `` high hazard to high hazard depending on product usage '' and says it has been shown to be linked to cancer , developmental toxicity , allergies , neurotoxicity , endocrine disruption , biochemical or cellular level changes . So what kind of products , other than our food -LRB- it is FDA approved for use in food -RRB- , can BHT be found in?Products Containing BHTAveeno Baby Natural Protection Mineral Block Face StickNeutrogena Body OilCVS Beauty Bars Sensitive SkinNeutrogena Liquid Facial Cleanser Fragrance FreeRevlon ColorStay Bronzer for the FaceLoreal Hip High Intensity PigmentsOLAY Daily Facials Deep Cleansing ClothsLubriderm Advanced Therapy Lotion Moisturizing LotionThat 's a list of some pretty popular products , all of which require you to wonder what is BHT and why you should be avoiding it . Who wants to use a product or eat a food that has ingredients also used in jet fuels and embalming fluid ? Before you buy a product , I highly suggest you check out lists like the one I referenced to see exactly what you are buying . BHT is bad news , and there are plenty of ways to avoid consuming it . Always do your homework before shopping !
 I so hoped this would be an effective cream for me , but it just has n't been . I used it consistently for weeks according to the instructions , even using it twice a day when once a day was n't helping . I just did n't see results , plain and simple . My fine lines and pores still appear as they did before . My skin does n't really feel any smoother either . May ` be I need something stronger ?
 I have used this religiously for the past few weeks , and I do n't see any difference . I got better results with the dermalogica overnight clearing gel . For what I paid for the `` help me '' , I was expecting a lot more out of this product
 I was willing to pay this much if the product did something fabulous for my skin . It did not . I 've been using it every night with absolutely no results , except that I seem to be getting pimples from it . If you 're looking for a dramatic change in your skin , keep looking .
 If you already have access to Retin-A or Renova , skip this product.It 's definitely a wanna-be . I got the set of cleanser/retinol/moisturizer , and took it all back . This was the ONLY item in the box that did n't have a nauseating smell.Try Anew Wrinkle Corrector instead , if you do n't have access to prescription topicals . You 'll get results and it costs less than this product .
 i used this for the first time this week and have a really bad rash yesterday that is even worse today . i also bought the bliss mask . so , im still debating whether or not it is the help me or the bliss mask . my skin looks horrible ! i did this of course the night before an important event and had to go with a rash . dont try this for the first time before something important . ive been taking benedryl and other allergy meds to keep me from scratching . may have to make a trip to the dermatologist 's office now . i cant believe it 's just gotten worse with time . ughhhh !
 When I applied it , I felt a burning sensation , no rash though . At first I thought that that meant it was working , but after 4 months , is has done nothing for me.I did however buy a snail gel eye serum -LRB- in the Netherlands , brand
 Complete waste of money for me and I have used several retinol items before . I hope it was not counterfeit like my other product I purchased !
 You 've asked me to review an item which was paid for an never arrived ... go figure !! Better watch what you 're ordering from Amazon.com ... it may never arrive !! As this one ...
 I purchased this as a gift . The velvet insert that holds the cologn in place in the box was broken to bits . The colgn was fine , but it made a very sorry gift presentation . I had no time to send it back as it was a gift . Huge dissapointment . The box even looked worn .
 I love the way it smells but it gave me a rash ! I guess anything spicy just does not work for me . I ended up throwing it out .
 I was very excited to purchase this fragrance as I have always loved it . Upon opening the box and just smelling the bottle I knew the fragrance was not the same . I tried it and it is n't even close . I immediately tried to return it and was told since it was used they would not accept a return . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY , trust me , it is n't anything like the real Il Bacio fragrance .
 I bought this because someone gave me the apple cider scent , which I LOVE . I smelled their chocolate and it was good too , so I figured why not strawberry milkshake ? Does n't smell like a strawberry milkshake . I 'll stick to the apple cider
 I bought this product mostly because it was a 3-in-1 and who does n't like the smell of a strawberry milkshake ? Anyway does not smell like a strawberry milkshake to me so I probably wo n't buy it again .
 They want $ 999.99 for a bottle of shower gel ??? That must be a mistake . I hope no one clicks on this to order it .
 Did not care for this one really , it is better as a body wash .
 I purchased this at a local store and since I absolutely love lime and lemon scents , I figured this was going to be very special . Unfortunately , my bottle has zero scent . It does n't smell like anything at all . I really wish I had pulled the tab before purchase and smelled . It bubbles up just like all philosophy 3-in-1 gels and leaves you feeling soft and moisturized . There just is no scent and lets face it that is what draws most of us to the philosophy line is that great smell . All this being said , from the other reviews I gather I am in the minority and have to figure that the bottle I received was defective . Most of the time if I purchase a philosophy scent that I do n't love I will pass it along to one of my daughters but this one I simply threw out .
 I could n't use more than one spray because the fragrance of this product is extremely potent and makes you smell like a big chunk of bubble gum - I had to wash it off immediately .
 I purchased this can of spray sunscreen/bronzer from Walmart a little over two months ago . I followed the instructions to a T , and all seemed fine . About a week later , I got this weird little pink patch of dry skin around my chin . Soon it spread to the other side , then on my upper lip , then on both sides of my nose ! The pink turned to a bright shiny red . Using this product gave me a condition called `` Perioral dermatitis . '' Google it , it 's not fun . It has now been over 2 months since I 've used the product and the rash is still here . I can take antibiotics for it , but as soon as I stop taking them , the rash will come back . -LRB- You can only be on them for so long -RRB- When I went to the health office , the nurse there said that her son broke out terribly from using Australian Gold as well . Do n't risk it !
 While it goes on evenly with minimal effort , the hardly noticeable tanning only lasts until you shower . not really sure what the point is in buying a spray tanner that requires you to lay in the sun to see any change . You might as well buy some aerosol water , you 'd get the same effect .
 It smells like rubbing alcohol and just do n`t work , it peels off of my skin . At first I was thinking that my skin is peeling off , but than I realized that it was the sunscreen ! I do not like it at all . I also red that it has one very bad ingredient !
 Although it seems like it would be the perfect iron for smoothing and curling , it does n't work . The edges of the plate cause creases in the hair regardless of how you move and place it .
 it says it says .17 oz i did not get that I received .15 oz FALSE ADVERTISEMENT why would you say itas .17 oz and not shipp that
 DID NOT look like this picture at all and was way smaller than it appears . Not even the same fragrance as the original .
 the scent of it is so terrible for me . it smells like an out-of-fashion middle aged woman . it is really a waste of my money to buy this one .
 I had ordered this and one another perfume for my sister to gift her on her birthday , but now her birthday is all gone . It was showing that the product will be delivered by latest of 4th of this month , today is 6th and its still not delivered . I am big fan of Amazon , but this delay really disappointed me .
 Calvin Klein men 's fragrances traditionally have strong , defined scents that last all day . I 'm not convinced the bottle I received is an original CK product . You could bathe in the contents and the smell disappears quickly which may not be a bad thing since it smells like Raid . I purchased four different cologne 's on one order and the others were all fine . It annoys me somewhat that Amazon wo n't accept a return because the product is `` considered flammable '' yet I notice they have no problem selling it or shipping it out . This product is no longer sold in department stores so it might be wise to check chains like Sephora before ordering online .
 BOUGHT THIS COLOGNE FROM AMAZON AND IT WAS EITHER EXPIRED OR A FAKE ... IT SMELLED HORRID . . IM NOT BUYING COLOGNE FROM AMAZON AGAIN ... ITS WORTH $ 20.00 MORE TO BYE AT THE DEPARTMENT STORE WHERE YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE GETTING ...
 this is not the real stuff and I 'm VERY dissapointed , as it does not have any smell and I do not think it 's really Calvin Klein , but just a fake .
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift in December 2010 via Amazon and it never arrived . I just found out on April 5 , 2011 , and Amazon tells me it 's too late to file a claim .
 As other customers here have noted , I was under the impression that what I was purchasing was larger and more expansive . The word `` starter '' did not appear in the product description , which led me to believe it was a full-sized kit , not a package of miniature products . The product arrived in a damaged external package -LRB- torn side -RRB- and with some of the products spilled open so that there was a strong scent attached.I 've seen the same kit sold in local stores for a couple dollars less , without adding the shipping and handling costs . It was not worth the money or time of purchasing it . The seller should more accurately represent what 's being sold in the description , a larger image , and more detailed text . Also , proper packaging to prevent tearing and spilling would have been nice . It 's the only item I ordered thus far for the holidays this year with which I 've been unhappy .
 I was kind of surprised at what I got . The picture is deceiving and I was expecting the products to be bigger . I understand that it is a `` starter kit '' , but I guess I did n't realize that meant travel size and not much . It was okay for 14.95 , but I was just kind of disappointed with the overall product .
 itbis so small i thought it was going to be bigger , it is just a tiny pack of bottles , going to be returned
 This kit is better than buying individually , so you can see which products you like/hate . I agree with others that the picture is deceiving . The one I purchased was from Walgreen 's , in a small plastic pouch . If I had bought it here , I would be very disappointed.The products they offer in this kit tend to change , and it was a while ago when I bought mine . I have sensitive , dry AND oily/acne prone skin.So the TONER was too drying because of the alcohol content.The CARROT SCRUB smells really nice , and the face lotion feels good , but they were both too heavy for my skin.The SHAMPOO BAR has an herby scent , I really enjoyed using this . You hair will be clean , but not squeaky clean . I used it alone , no conditioner.The FACE SOAP was disappointing . Pretty lackluster , nothing special about it . It did n't dry my skin but did n't feel like I was really washing my skin.The HAND/CUTICLE salve has a nice lemon scent , but I did n't feel the need to ever moisturize my cuticles . Used on my hands , it 's just way too greasy . But I tried it on my lips , and it was really nice I would use it that way , which leads me toThe LIP BALM just did n't work well with my skin , it made it peel more . Very disappointed about that , especially since others have only great things to say , but ca n't do anything about sensitivity.When I bought mine , they were still manufacturing their LAVENDER AND CLAY TOOTHPASTE , and mine came with a sample of it . I recently tried to purchase it only to find they re-branded and reformulated their toothpastes , which sucks because it was awesome ! I swear that in the little time I used up that sample , my teeth felt cleaner and were whiter . As a bonus , it did n't foam/lather so there was no gag factor.Overall , I found that most of the products that came with my kit did n't work well with my skin . In general , I do n't think Burt 's Bees formulations work well with my skin -LRB- either they 're too greasy , or drying , or with the lotions , leave a sticky film -RRB- . That said , this item is a money-saver as an introduction to their products without wasting full sizes . Glad I bought this instead of any full-size ... although the full-size toothpaste I wanted to buy is discontinued !
 I ordered for Christmas on Dec. 11 . Never heard back . Checked in just before Christmas , was told item shipped Dec. 21 . Never received it . Then I got another email saying it was shipped . -LRB- a 2nd shipping date -RRB- I still never received it . Then I got an email saying it was backordered and would be shipped in 3 weeks . I gave up and asked for my money returned . Then I received it a few days after that . Jan. 12 . A month later !!
 Although I have never used this particular package , I have had experience with many of the products in it , and other products by Burt . The one thing I have found consistent among all of these products is that they put out an odor that is repulsive to all males exposed to it . My male friends , family , and complete strangers have all been put off by this scent . Though the women who use it love both the scent and the effects . Just a word of warning for any person who is considering getting this for a man .
 This order from Amazon made me angry !! the image was large looking and includes 3 bars of soap . Ha Ha Amazon thanks alot no time to return before christmas I will not order products from Amazon again.I got a tiny box of tiny samples . I will not order on line at Amazon again !!! Joy
 I bought the burt bee lip balm a while back and thought a sample kit would be best so I could try a little of a lot of them . The shipping was three times the product and expidited meant delayed shipping . Next time I will go to Target and save my money and get it faster .
 I bought this for my girl friend for christmas , and it dosent contain half the stuff pictured and is way smaller . it is no bigger then the palm of my hand . its still a good deal , but they should just post the picture of what it really looks like , not something else . booo this company .
 Description says '' chemical free . '' It has parabens -LRB- as well as other harmful chemicals -RRB- which are known for causing cancer ! -LRB- whatever you put on your skin is absorbed into your bloodstream . -RRB- This is false advertising . I am a cancer survivor and would not consider putting these chemicals on my skin or on my children 's skin .
 If you want to smell like a new car ... otherwise it provides the coverage you were looking for .
 I asked for the sensitive skin , but received the baby version of the product . It worked well , but I would have appreciated a notification before I opened the box .
 I have been using a similar product , with Titanium Dioxide and Zinc Oxide as the sunblocking agents , but I do n't care much for its strong scent . So , after reading all the positive reviews of the Blue Lizard sunscreens I decided to give the fragrance free version a try . Maybe it works well for some people , but for me this sunscreen is extremely greasy and did not protect my skin from the sun . With it as greasy as it was , even after drying it off then re-applying more before going outside , it felt to me like my now shiny-oily skin actually attracted the sun instead of blocking it ! I might as well have gone outside with no sunscreen on at all . I am very surprised and disappointed that I did n't like this product better , especially considering the cost .
 WAY too heavy , takes too long to dry and does n't seem to have the power of other Conair dryers I 've owned . Am very unhappy with this product .
 I bought this dryer 3 weeks ago because my Blackbird finally gave out after 15 years . I 'm so disappointed . The air-flow is weak so it takes forever to dry my shoulder-length hair . And it 's very cumbersome and heavy . I gave this product two stars for the simple fact that it 's cheap -- only $ 24 . Not too bad if you have the patience . But , honestly , I wish I would have spent a few dollars more and got a better dryer .
 I am disappointed in this dryer . Although the dryer I just threw out had holes melted into the attachable nozzle and was too hot , this one is not hot enough ! It takes me almost twice as long to dry my hair . The hot setting is more like the warm setting on any other dryer I have used . I have used it for 3 days now and am going to return it .
 This is the first and only product I 've used all my life - I 've loved it . Natural Light Golden Brown was ALWAYS on color ... then in the last year something changed.The golden color is no longer GOLDEN , it 's now brassy tinged , my hair is turning very dry and the worst of all it stains my skin horribly ! All around the hairline you see black stained skin and you ca n't avoid the skin everywhere , especially in front of the ears . If you are doing your own hair you will get spots close to the neckline also - but now you see stained skin under the neckline hair ! You try to scrub the skin and end up breaking the hair and the dark stains are still there . I wear my hair pulled back 99 % of the time and it is very visible.The lack of `` Golden '' tones , the staining and the dryness - this is very recent , only this year . I might as well use a magic marker ! I 've used this color for more years then I can remember and pretty much just color my roots as to not abuse my hair so much at my age and it used to be a beautiful color and great product . NO LONGER.I called the company and complained and they told me they changed their formula for 2010 . Now I understand ... and they lost a valued customer .
 I first smelled this perfume on a strip in a magazine . I fell in love with both the bottle , and the scent instantaneously . I decided when I had some extra cash I would buy it or hopefully drop enough hints to get it for Christmas . Christmas came and went and no Fantasy , instead I recieved Celine Dion 's fragrance . I liked the smell of the Dion but was still sad that I did n't get what I wanted . I decided to buy the fantasy for myself . Upon finding it at a makeup counter I became rather thankful I got the other . I think Fantasy smells a lot like this cotton candy spray I had in elementary school . mmmm to smell like a 4th grader again . The bottle is elegant , but the scent is juvenile . It 'd be appropriate for preteens , but not grown women , then again , should I be surprised ? I suppose the scent caters well to Spears ' followers , 12 year olds .
 I am such a huge fan of Curious ! and was by far , looking forward to Fantasy . But after having went to a local Sephora , I was highly displeased !! One , it was far too sweet , and secondly , it smelt quite bad . It started off smelling like Mangos , but then turned into an awful stench . Kind of like cotton candy gone bad -LRB- if that 's even possible -RRB- ; except nothing near perfect to that delicious candy . I had actually planned on buying this perfume even before testing it , for I was so pleased with Curious . Thank god I did n't !!
 I sampled this fragrance at my local store and took a wiff out of morbid curiosity . This stuff smells AWFUL . It smells as if you have been sweating while covered in cotton candy . Or maybe it smells like sweaty people chewing bubble gum while smoking in the trailer park . AVOID at all costs !!!
 I purchased a small sample bottle in a store . The container is very cute and I plan to keep it . The fragance is dull vanilla .
 Fantasy is all vanilla on me . Granted , it 's a creamy , sweet vanilla frosting that 's has decent longevity & is n't sickly , almost like buttercream ... but sweeter , creamer , wetter . Still , Fantasy is vanilla frosting , from top to bottom . Weird because vanilla is n't even a listed note . Apparently my body chemistry just loves vanilla or this scent triggers vanilla frosting in my brain . Do n't know.Some have said that Fantasy is similar to Escada Magnetism . On that we agree . However , I think Escada Magnetism is much better . Magnetism is an oriental vanilla for a sexy woman , whereas Fantasy is sweet vanilla for a coy girl.Based on reviews and on basenotes , I was expecting something less infantile & more mature from Fantasy . However , This is one of those celebrity fragrances that fit the personality to a T. For that , it is very well done .
 Not really sure on how I feel about this scent . I purchased it for my sister and she wore it a few times but quickly became sick of it noting that it was too overpowering for just one small squirt . I personally found the scent offensive and overpowering . This wo n't be something I buy again .
 I am not very happy with this perfume , though i am not a fan of singer but the bottle looked kind of impressive to give as a gift to my wife.But once we sniffed the perfume it smelled more like cotton candy and chocolates . I guess we had much higher expectations from this perfume , may be due to its impressive packaging , but we were disappointed . I do not recommend to buy this .
 that this scent may be quite overpriced . I would not buy this item again ... I would look for another vendor , also . . Bye bye
 THIS IS A FAKE PERFUME ! PACKAGE DAMAGED , BOTTLE IS FAKE , SMELLS HORRIBLE . I OPENED THE HUGE BOX IT ARRIVED IN TO FIND A DAMAGED SMALL BOX OF BRITNEY PERFUME . I HAVE MY OLD BOTTLE AND THE BOTTLES ARE EVEN DIFFERENT - THIS FAKE BOTTLE DOES NOT HAVE THE GREEN DIAMOND AROUND THE TOP BELOW THE SPRAY NOZZLE . ALSO , THE BOTTLE WAS MESSED UP AND HAD LIQUID ALL OVER . YOU CA N'T EVEN RETURN IT . DO N'T ORDER THIS PRODUCT .
 On me , this thing just smelled horribly dirty -- like a body that has never been washed , & the piece of metal covering the neck portion of the bottle looked way too bright & tacky to look at when I first took the bottle out of the box !
 fake britney spears perfume in Amazon !!! The box of the perfume is really different from the picture and what I have seen in Youtube review . The box of the real one should be opened like a flower , but this one -LRB- I bought the 100ml -RRB- is just open it and it 's very hard to take the bottle of perfume out of it . I 'm very sad . I ca n't trust Amazon any more ... P.S. Marshalls and TJ MAX also sell the same fake perfume . I 'm very puzzled about it . These sellers are the one we always trust and so many people go there , but how could they do this ?!! disappointed
 i saw this bottle on the internet and thought WOW ! , that would be good for my teenage daughter . so i bought it and she loved it until she opened it . she gagged on the smell yuck ! i smelt it too and it was disgusting do not buy this unless your interested in gross smells .
 Why do all of her fragrances smell like shampoo ? The only reason to buy it is the bottle , besides that , use a strong shampoo and you have her parfum.Again , I like the bottle a lot , so I 'll give it one star instead of none .
 i bought this because it got really great reviews , but no matter what formula i use -LRB- base coat/topcoat/timing -RRB- , its too soft , and easily smudges . It also chips just as bad as $ 1 Brucci . Worse actually . I 'm not impressed
 As I mentioned with the other Zoya color , Regean , this color is nice , but it 's not OPI ! They lack shine and consistency . The product started out okay , but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air , the polish started to thicken and clump . It 's added to the polish trash pile !
 I purchased a nail polish from Zoya 's website several months ago . I tested it on just one finger -LRB- my thumb nail -RRB- , it was a tiny bit clumpy , I just figured it needed to be shaken more next time before using it . I sealed up the bottle and put it with the rest of the polish I have.Fast forward to this past weekend , I tried using the same polish and this time it was EXTREMELY chunky . It did n't go on well at all and looked horrible . I shook it like crazy and tried it on another finger , and it 's still awful.so , I e-mailed Zoya through their `` contact us '' link on the webpage and waited patiently for a response . Today , they tell me to get rejuvenating drops and try using that , that I obviously did n't put the cover on tight enough -LRB- cause clearly I have no idea how to close a nail polish bottle ? -RRB- . After expressing my disappointment in their awful customer service -LRB- and hence giving them yet another chance to make it right with me -RRB- , the woman forwarded my e-mail to her supervisor who then told me that I 'm basically out of luck cause I did n't report a ` flaw ' in the first ten days.Skip this product all together , it 's not as great as it 's price tag says it should be , I 'd rather have formaldehyde on my nails and deal with a company that stands behind their products 100 % .
 I got my nails painted with this at a salon and when I took the nail polish off , my nails where yellow ! It took over a week for the color to go away and it really pissed me off . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This polish , in color Pippa , is the worst I have encountered by Zoya . It is thick and bubbly . It wo n't spread out and looks like Swiss Cheese as it dries . I have not been able to use it once since I ordered it . I like the seller just fine , but they do not except returns . Still , this is something I would have never paid for had I known . I was really looking forward to wearing beautiful bright yellow polish . I guess I 'll just have to wait a while , as I ca n't get this kind of polish where I live -LRB- I 'd try the Butter color next -RRB- -LRB- on an island -RRB- and shipping for one nail polish is ridiculous .
 This color looks pretty in the picture but it 's very dark and old looking . I returned it . Google images the colors before you buy so you know what the true color looks like
 This polish is awful . It somehow dries with smudges , even though I sat for an hour to let it dry and did not touch anything . Also looks bubbly when I look at it close up . Never again .
 I really wanted to like this product for a few reasons . I like to use natural products and the reviews on here lead me to believe that it would work in exfoliating as well as moisturizing . That is in fact the point of an in shower body scrub -LRB- exfoliating -RRB- right ? Wrong . I saw no benefit to using this scrub . It leaves your skin oily , I would not call this moisturized , and I have skin that accumulates gunk very easily as I have naturally oily skin so for anyone who has similar skin I would skip out on this product and go for something natural that actually does the job . Additionally this actually has added to the issue of stuff being in my pores on my back and everywhere because of the `` moisturizing '' effect it has on the skin .
 I purchased the sugar scrub because I LOVE the salt scrub but it is totally different . This scrub does not do a good job at exfoliating . It 's like hand lotion with sugar in it . More creamy than anything . Its ok to shave with but nothing like the salt scrub . I would n't purchase this again .
 I was looking forward to receiving this and ended up very disappointed . The stain went on watery and did not cover well at all - it took numerous coats to get it even looking . Then it took a long while to dry and it came off almost immediately . This product is WAY too expensive to perform SO poorly .
 When I draw the applicator out of the tube there is very little product on it . Only a little dry color goes on my face . I have to dip it in and out several times to get enough color to spread . I do n't know if this is the way it is supposed to work or if I got an old drying tube of product . .
 I read the reviews , and since they are mostly positive , I thought I 'd give this lip stain a try . I bought `` Liquid Kiss , '' and though darker than the color as represented on the Vincent Longo website , at least as my monitor renders it , it is still lovely.The Pros
 Just a couple words it is the worst lipstick I 've ever had ! Not worth it , besides it smells terrible . I am dissappointed .
 I got this product in `` Liquid Kiss '' and it was a dark red/brown on me . It would not stain my lips properly and I had to put a ton of it on just to get the color to look even on them , which resulted in that dark red/brown color . I 'm not picky about shades normally , but this one just looked gross on me . I am white with dark hair and goldenish skin . I would consider trying another shade if I could find this product locally and try it on my skin before spending $ 20 + on it . Yet , I suspect I 'd have to put so much on , it 'd be gone quick and I 'm way too thrifty to buy a stain every 3 seconds . Overall , just not for me .
 I was hoping for something akin to the VL lip stain . This is NOT it . It 's a creamier type base , does n't stain . Does n't stay either . Another item to go to the bottom of the drawer ...
 I ordered a bar of this soap , thinking it was a simple glycerin-only soap . Turns out , it has a strong , perfumed , smell . That does n't work for me . They do n't honestly label the ingredients , instead saying `` all natural '' and `` contains Glycerin and Vitamin E. `` I doubt I 'll even use it . If I put something that perfumed on my body , I typically end up with hives .
 It did not have an expiration date on the bottle . The product had a strange smell . I did not feel comfortable using it . I had to throw it away . Waste of money .
 I decided to try this shampoo out after loving Aubrey Organics Blue Chamomile . I have fine , wavy hair that 's prone to oiliness quickly . I figured since this shampoo was marketed towards oily hair , why not give it a try.I really do n't like this Egyptian Henna Shampoo at all!It leaves a weird residue in my hair that 's difficult to wash out , no matter how much I rinse or how little I use . I never seem to be able to completely remove it and ends up making my hair oily looking . I decided to switch back to blue chamomile line .
 I have 4b natural hair . It did n't help remove any frizz out of my hair . I also did n't really like the spicy smell to it . However it made my hair feel soft compare to regular shampoos .
 If this shampoo was sold as `` lightweight conditioner '' instead of shampoo , then I may have given it five stars . However , this did not work for me at all as a shampoo ... and I normally love Aubrey products . In short , over the course of two weeks of using this product , my hair became increasingly oily , clumpy , and dirty looking ... ick . Maybe it 's my own fault for not initially checking the ingredients
 I am an african american woman with relaxed hair . I am always on the hunt for natural products to help my hair stay moisturized and be as nice as possible . I thought I would give this a try on my hair and my daughter -LRB- naturally curly , frizzy hair -RRB- ... no can do . drying , stripping and the smell is not what i thought it would be . I do n't like it at all . I do n't know why it is so drying . Our hair -LRB- especially my daughter 's hair -RRB- was dry as straw . thank goodness for the Protein conditioner ... it worked just OK for me , but for my daughter - ugh . I can only say for my hair it is not good at all .
 I am a Caucasian female with somewhat dry , unruly hair . I normally use Biocleanse shampoo and conditioner but became troubled by some of the ingredients in the Biocleanse product . I opted for the Aubrey Organics on a whim and was fairly disappointed . The shampoo does NOTHING for dry hair , and basically makes my hair go flat . Do n't buy this product if you have dry hair or use thermal appliances like a hair straightener .
 I have been a true devotee to Aubrey products for years ! I recommended their products to absolutely everyone . I even recommended them in online forums . I used the Aubrey 's Honeysuckle Rose shampoo and condition for years and it was my ultimate ! My hair is fine and wavy , hard to manage , and also a bit dry . Aubrey 's was the best.But not anymore ! A few months ago I noticed a difference in the results and I noticed that the bottle had changed . I took a closer look and the * formula has changed * !!! I am so heartbroken about this . This product is not the same . It is not gentle anymore . It irritates my skin and it does not give me the result it gave in the past.Why in the world would Aubrey 's mess with perfection ?? It makes no sense whatsoever . I purchased 40-50 dollars in Aubrey 's products every month for years , skincare , deodorant , shampoo , soaps , you name . Aubrey you lost my business . I am truly heartbroken . I was such a devoted and satisfied customer , why did they have to change things so much ?
 I read so many positive reviews that I was extremely excited to try this shampoo . I have really dry 4a/4b hair , with 2 daughters that both have 4a . Unfortunately this product was n't the moisture experience for me that it was for all the reviewers . Yes , I shook it before each use and it even lathered a LOT during washings , but after shampooing my hair felt completely stripped of any moisture that it had to begin with ! It definitely felt clean as it felt stripped of everything , which is why I could n't give it a 1 star rating ... it at least did that . But moisturize , no . I bought the conditioner with it and that added no help whatsoever to softening or moisturizing my hair . It was extremely brittle and rough after drying ... worse than when starting . I also tried it on both of my daughters ' hair , tried leaving the conditioner on longer for deep condition , and have waited until 2 months after use to write this review just to be fair . It was the same result with their hair and every single time of use . It was like washing my hair with harsh dish soap . I really did n't like the smell either unfortunately . I was hoping that would be the one bonus . I hate wasting money , so I 'm going to use it until the bottle is empty . I definitely wo n't be buying again though . Luckily I also bought a bottle of Shea Moisture Shea Butter Leave in Conditioner which makes a dramatic difference in moisture for my daughters and myself . It keeps our hair soft and fluffy ALL day ! Now that stuff is awesome !! It has helped counter balance the moisture stripping effect of this shampoo .
 iv been using it for a few weeks and it hasnt done my hair any favors . if anything its made my hair dryer and harder to deall with . the chemical shampoos were more moisturizing than this.I have curly hair with some frizz .
 I would never buy this again and do n't recommend it . The consistency is like water which makes it hard to direct where on your hair you want to place the shampoo . It runs off your hand as soon as you raise it above your head , just like water would . The smell also reminds me of an elderly woman . Ca n't wait til its gone and we can switch to something else .
 This shampoo did a number on my hair ! My hair is curly and this product made my hair feel sooooo dry and damaged . Lets not talk about the smell , OMG ! It was bad , please dont buy this stuff .
 I love aohsr conditioner and by mistake picked up the shampoo ... no way ... the shampoo left my hair dry and tangled to the point that I was scared it would matte up . I detangled before hand with a cheapie condiotioner just for this reason and this product was so drying that I 'd rather use dish detergent before using this again.I will be exchanging it for anything other than this.Big suprise coming from a brand that I heart the twin of -LRB- conditioner -RRB- so much . It leads me to believe that for textured hair as is mine its a no go . My hair is itchy and scratchy as I type . UGH !
 I 've used this natural shampoo off and on for about two years now and I like it . It seems to do the trick of getting my oily hair fairly clean.However it works best only when you use it with the green tea rinse . Otherwise , it feels like your hair is not completely clean . The green tea shampoo is very thick , and I guess some of it clings on to the hair shafts and refuses to come off until you use the green tea rinse or a good regular shampoo.The only major problem is that the green tea rinse is the consistency of water and you need a fair bit of the rinse to completely rinse out your hair . As you can see , this leads to the rinse running out very quickly -LRB- think monthly -RRB- and the stuff is not cheap either . So , as a result , I do n't use this shampoo very much due to the high costs of use .
 I had high expectation for this product , but it just did n't live up to my standards . The shampoo smelled A LOT like `` Scrubbing Bubbles , '' yes , the well-known bathroom cleaning product . The shampoo is runny . It lathers , but very well . Cleaning wise , it strips my hair clean to the point it felt excessively dry . The conditioner helped combat the dryness of the shampoo , but it 's not an exceptional conditioner . It does the job as conditioner , but it 's not the best conditioner out there . I typically will leave in the shampoo just a little longer than usual for a more reasonable result . Overall , I 'm giving this product a one star because I do n't feel like it fully served its purpose for helping dry damage hair . I experienced dryness , fall-outs , and increase split-ends .
 This stuff does n't lather well at all and my scalp did not feel clean . To be fair , I 've found that with other organic shampoos too . Their conditioner is very very good but skip the shampoo . The scent is nice .
 I rely on Aubrey Organics Honeysuckle Rose conditioner , so I was shocked with this shampoo .1 -RRB- It smells NOTHING like the conditioner . I expected differences , but this was just ridiculous . The best way I can describe it is as smelling like my cat 's flea bath . Horrible .2 -RRB- After the first lather my hair felt stripped of any moisture.I ca n't stress enough how much I adore the Aubrey conditioner of this scent , and other shampoos by them , but this one was a huge miss for me .
 I think it is misleading to read the reviews and see that this product has 4 stars when many of the reviews listed are not for this specific green tea shampoo but are for many different Aubrey shampoos . i am hopeful that maybe I will find a different type that will be the right match for my hair type.Curious to know what the rating is for this specific shampoo ? I wonder how unusual my experience was because it is hard for me to believe that most did not experience the same thing . This shampoo is very watery . It is hard to use when you try to squeeze it out , it is so watery that so much gets wasted and falls thru your hands . I have to give one star for a wonderful clean herbal smell , very luxurious spa-ike smell . Also I give them credit that the product is pretty '' clean '' in a sense of organic and natural ingredients . However it is so hard for me to believe this works for anyone . I imagine it does work for some people who have a specific hair type but I am still pretty skeptical . The shampoo is not only watery , but it does not foam . I rinsed it in my hair over and over about 3 or more times and it just made my hair heavy and oily . It did not feel like it had any detergents that were cleaning it , just oils . I followed with a little of the Aubrey conditioner . The next time I tried not using any conditioner at all and just the green tea shampoo , it was still super oily . I mean really oily , oiler then before I washed it . Now I have to toss this in the trash , and I hate doing that . I do n't know why this shampoo calls itself clarifying and also on the side of the bottle it says '' oily '' . I thought it meant for oily hair , but now I think what they mean is this shampoo makes your hair oily .
 I have a combination of dry , often itchy scalp and greasy hair that makes it extremely difficult to find a shampoo to address both issues.I have tried countless brands , both brand names and drugstore products , andso far I have found the Aussie Cleanse and Mend to work relatively good for me , without making my scalp itchy or weighting my hair down after wash.After having conducted extensive research and reading the rave reviews on Aubrey Green Tea Clarifying Shampoo , I decided to invest in this product.Unfortunately , not only did not do anything for me , but I can say it is one of the worst shampoos I have ever used.It is supposedly for greasy hair , yet whilst washing my hair , my hair felt really heavy , greasy and sort of unpleasantly clammy , like when you rub etheric oils into it.It was impossible to comb my hair in the shower and even after applying generous ammount of conditioner , was still feeling very clammy and greasy.Once I blowdried my hair , my hair looked bouncy , shiny and full of texture and volume ; but the next day I had the biggest dandruff flakes I 've ever had and my hair looked and felt really dirty and greasy.I could not wait to wash my hair with my regular shampoo and feel fresh and clean again.Maybe it is just my hair type as it seem to have worked for the most customers , but the ingredients inside this shampoo made my hair even greasier , I suppose because of the oils it is infused with.Finding a shampoo that works for you is very personal choice and you have to try first to find out if it is suitable for your scalp and hair ; unfortunately in my case this shampoo ended up as toilet gel cleaner .
 This is not a `` normal '' shampoo , at least in my opinion . It has an oil-like consistency , in a clear , green-tea color . It 's hard to hold it in the palms and work up the lather . And this shampoo just does n't lather well . I really have to add water little by little -LRB- even though the hair is already wet -RRB- and really take the time to work up the lather . And in the process I 've got my hair all tangled with the constant rubbing-motion . Not the best thing to do for long thick hair . However , after rinsing , the hair does become noticeably softer . I still need to apply de-tangling product before I can comb through the hair , but the hair seems moisturized , so I guess the product does its job . No fragrance - just a natural , tree-oil-like smell . I 've used it about 5 times so far . Will finish the bottle but probably not buy it again or recommend it to anyone with long hair .
 I really wanted to like this line because it is all natural but this line is not for me . I have tried several of aubrey products and it does n't work well with my hair and neither one of my daughters . We are african americans and maybe this product is not for us . It does n't moisturize as well as I thought . I am not saying that this product is not for everyone it is just not for me and my family . I wo n't be trying anything else from Aubrey Organics . I have tried GPB , Poo and Condish , Honeysuckle Rose Poo and Condish , and now the Island Naturals Poo and Condish . None of which works well . I also tried the Blue Green Algae Mask and the Primrose Tangle-Go Hair Conditioner and Detangler , and the White Camellia and Jasmine Shine Conditioner Spray .
 This shampoo made my hair more oily than other shampoos . I stoped using it and bought a different shampoo which is working much better than this one .
 Usually my hair seems to love organic shampoos , but not with this one . My hair was the exact type that the shampoo was made for , and after the first usage my hair felt greasy , stringy , had a ton of fly aways and looked as if I had n't washed it in several weeks . I gave it two more tries , both to disappointment , before I gave up on it.Warning to anyone with fine and straight , dull hair - choose a different organic product . The one I was using before Aubrey Organics was Kiss My Face 's Big Body Shampoo , which was incredible . It also lasts longer , is easier to find in stores , and is cheaper .
 You will have to use more then regular shampoo , because this one is very watery . Although the shampoo works great , the company should make it thicker to stay on your head when appling .
 I had high hopes for this shampoo . I used it for the first time yesterday after swimming . It does not lather . It has a strong sweet fragrance which stayed with my hair hours after using it , making me queasy and making me sneeze . It did not seem to help my hair at all ; rather , my hair was dry and dull . I have very healthy shiny hair , so I can only conclude that this shampoo is not good for my hair . I wo n't be using it again .
 IMHO the more I used it , the worse my hair got . My sculp itched , my hair was hay-dry on the first day and lumpy and dull on the second . I did n't like the smell either . It 's very retro - that 's the only way I can describe it . Not at all sentual . Now it 's my dog 's shampoo . He does n't mind . In fact , I think he likes it .
 I bought this to use on two of my kids hair that are competitive swimmers . It does n't seem get any chlorine out and my children 's hair is still rough , apt to tangle and brittle afterwards . I 'd recommend the ULTRA SWIM DYNAMIC DUO REPAIR Shampoo as it works much better overall .
 My wife tried an old gold capped bottle for Christmas . It 's the first time I 've smelled a fragrance that stinks . She 's worn Enjoli for the 20 years I 've known her so I know what it should smell like . Caveat Emptor . Awaiting the sellers response for a return .
 Even though I ordered it I never received it . It said it was in stock but it never came . It was a Christmas gift for Mom . : -LRB-
 i used to by enjoli for only 18 to 20 bucks you guys suck at how much you charge not worth buying from you at all
 I purchased a few bottles when I found that Enjoli was being discontinued and now that I have opened one , it is obvious that it is a knock-off and not an original . The box and the bottles with covers look authentic , but the sprayers are cheaper and the scent is different , harsh , and cheap smelling . I have worn this perfume for over 25 years and when I first tried this bottle it gave me a headache . I then opened the other bottles to find the same cheap sprayer and the same awful scent ... too late to do anything about it ! Ripped Off ! Do n't buy !
 Thought I was getting 3 bottles for $ 100 ... however only received 1 ... totally too expensive . Live an learn . It still has the right fragrance ... Think the product was a left over from the Orient .
 I ordered this item when it was $ 28 + a bottle . Ordered two for a friend . Later that afternoon , the price shot up to $ 70 + a bottle.My order did n't ship.And then it did n't ship.And then it did n't ship again.Amazon still shows my order getting ready to be shipped , but NetRush cancelled via email this afternoon.Their excuse ? `` Out of stock . `` Hmmmmmmmmm ... Very disappointed that it took them 9 days to discover that the item was `` out of stock . `` Or is it?Would be nice if they informed Amazon so I could get this `` purchase '' -LRB- ha ! -RRB- off my history .
 Did n't help my contact dermititis rash ... used the whole tube . I 'm now trying applying raw honey and am seeing instant results . Raw honey has amazing skin healing properties . Must be RAW HONEY though .
 I dont think this product is able to do what it promisses.I could not lose my appetite or weight wearing this product as indicated .
 Just got this crap today.Ordered this based on the good reviews so excited and tried it on.as soon as i put it on been sneezing badly and after few minutes got headache.And when hubby smells it he said that it makes him nauseous.SiGh!Oh well charged to experience.throw it in the trash right away.So i think this smell is not for me.but not everybody have same taste but i just want to say what i want to say .
 This perfume looks darker than normal -LRB- mine is dark gold as opposed to bright gold -RRB- . Also , the smell of the perfume I received is less Revlon-like , so it 's not the `` Revlon Fields '' I 've come to love . It 's very difficult to find this perfume in stores , but I 'll have to continue searching .
 Do n't waste your money on this product . I should not have believed the hype , they probably were n't real reviews.The product does not work . I am not a satisfied customer .
 Does great to detangle as long as hair is sprayed with water before brushing however this product has an overwhelming fragrance and I prefer products without one .
 I just got the cologne and is 100 % fake , it burnt my skin and it has a very strong smell of alcohol , you should let people know that what you are selling is a replica . I have been using Creed for 2 years and I know the difference . I want a refund to be made to my credit card and have the box shipped back to you as soon as possible . Never buying anything again from your company .
 Fragrancenet sells either old or fake Millesime Imperial . It smells half as good as the bottles in the store .
 If you use this product , plan on leaving it in your hair for a very long time . It does not come off with water , water and soap , shampoo .
 The Jontue sent was not the fragrance I am use to . It actually smelled more masculine than female . Tried all new bottles next to my original Jontue . Even my family agreed this was not Jontue . I am very disappointed since Jontue is no longer offered in the stores
 Very bad . . very very strong . . not elegant at all . I made a bad choice . I bought it and never used it again .
 i bought this based on its description and the great reviews . at first i was in agreement . the scent is summery and very girly , perfect for me . but jontue fades very quickly , needing reapplication more than any other i tried . worse , the spray works only intermittently . the traditional fixes -LSB- hot water , pin through the nozzle -RSB- have n't helped.much as i enjoy the basic scent , i wo n't buy this again .
 Maybe this only works for movie stars , but it did n't work for me . Sure it dries the pimple -LRB- small ones -RRB- but it does n't make them disappear . If you have bad acne - forget it . Moderate - maybe it will work . Light - probably will work.Don ' t know , I 'm not a doctor , but this was a waste of money .
 I agree with the previous review . It does n't really work . Plus it 's supposed to say on overnight , but if the pimple is anyplace that might touch the pillowcase - forget it . The only thing that 's gone when you wake up is the lotion . -LRB- and the money you spent on it ! -RRB-
 This product is simply waste of money . It does not work on my son 's hair . Will not remmend this to anyone .
 I used this mask for about a month to soothe my puffy eyes before work . I kept it in the freezer and it mostly worked fine , although the plastic was n't very comfortable against my face and i felt like the beads were actually suspended from my eye area -LRB- because of the way the mask is designed -RRB- . Still , I was mostly happy with it until the mask burst , spilling tiny plastic beads ALL over the room ! I still occasionally find pieces from it months later . This happened because a tiny hole had developed in the side of the mask and eventually it tore and started to spill . I 'm not sure that I could have avoided this . Next time , I will just splurge on a nicer mask of higher quality .
 I was so happy to finally find this product when I opened it the spray will not work so I wasted my moneyand time I did not keep the reciept so I am out 15.00 they must buy second hand products
 Based on some glowing reviews , I was looking forward to trying this product and bought one for myself and one for my mother . I am disappoined . Just another average hand cream , certainly no miracle !
 I thought I was getting an exfoliator when I bought this , but it is just a cream with some small kiwi seeds in it and does not deliver .
 As I mentioned with the other Zoya color , Regean , this color is nice , but it 's not OPI ! They lack shine and consistency . The product started out okay , but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air , the polish started to thicken and clump . It 's added to the polish trash pile !
 I purchased a nail polish from Zoya 's website several months ago . I tested it on just one finger -LRB- my thumb nail -RRB- , it was a tiny bit clumpy , I just figured it needed to be shaken more next time before using it . I sealed up the bottle and put it with the rest of the polish I have.Fast forward to this past weekend , I tried using the same polish and this time it was EXTREMELY chunky . It did n't go on well at all and looked horrible . I shook it like crazy and tried it on another finger , and it 's still awful.so , I e-mailed Zoya through their `` contact us '' link on the webpage and waited patiently for a response . Today , they tell me to get rejuvenating drops and try using that , that I obviously did n't put the cover on tight enough -LRB- cause clearly I have no idea how to close a nail polish bottle ? -RRB- . After expressing my disappointment in their awful customer service -LRB- and hence giving them yet another chance to make it right with me -RRB- , the woman forwarded my e-mail to her supervisor who then told me that I 'm basically out of luck cause I did n't report a ` flaw ' in the first ten days.Skip this product all together , it 's not as great as it 's price tag says it should be , I 'd rather have formaldehyde on my nails and deal with a company that stands behind their products 100 % .
 I got my nails painted with this at a salon and when I took the nail polish off , my nails where yellow ! It took over a week for the color to go away and it really pissed me off . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This polish , in color Pippa , is the worst I have encountered by Zoya . It is thick and bubbly . It wo n't spread out and looks like Swiss Cheese as it dries . I have not been able to use it once since I ordered it . I like the seller just fine , but they do not except returns . Still , this is something I would have never paid for had I known . I was really looking forward to wearing beautiful bright yellow polish . I guess I 'll just have to wait a while , as I ca n't get this kind of polish where I live -LRB- I 'd try the Butter color next -RRB- -LRB- on an island -RRB- and shipping for one nail polish is ridiculous .
 This color looks pretty in the picture but it 's very dark and old looking . I returned it . Google images the colors before you buy so you know what the true color looks like
 i bought this because it got really great reviews , but no matter what formula i use -LRB- base coat/topcoat/timing -RRB- , its too soft , and easily smudges . It also chips just as bad as $ 1 Brucci . Worse actually . I 'm not impressed
 This polish is awful . It somehow dries with smudges , even though I sat for an hour to let it dry and did not touch anything . Also looks bubbly when I look at it close up . Never again .
 Even though I have used the address over 6 times without any problem , this seller did not deliver my product stating that my address was incorrect.I was so excited to receive this product , but now I am really dissapointed !
 The description says costmetic spatula and when the package arrived it was a flimsy plastic bowl . I sent an e-mail to the company and never heard back from them . The picture displays a bowl and a spatula , two different items listed for the same company . They sent me the bowl , even though the confirmation e-mails and the receipt listed it as a spatula .
 Should have known better because of the cost ! Must have missed the part where it said this is an imitation product , I 'll know better next time.Thanks Anyway .
 Yes this soap smells great . BUT - the `` bar '' of soap is 1 '' x 11/4 '' x 3 '' , or about the size of the free stuff you get at most hotels ! $ 6 for a bar of soap that will probably only last two showers is absurd .
 I bought this for my husband . He hates it . :-LRB- He says it smells awful .
 The size of this product is better suited for a toe other then a great toe as it binds . I would advise diabetics or anyone with circulation issues not to buy this product to use on an adult size big toe.It very may be well suited for other toes .
 Really pretty color in picture , however when received , product was bright pink , would not recommend unless customer is of pale complexion , also very pasty . Waste of money for me , better to shop at local pharmacy for a much cheeper option and better color match . Thank you
 I love gloGloss in ` Naked ' but was quite disappointed when I got sent ` Starstruck ' . The packaging said Naked but wrong gloss inside . . Not happy !!
 This item is good but not great . Some of the other Designer Skin products are better
 The product did not last very long , within a few days of usage it fell apart . .
 I had such high hopes for this product given all of the rave reviews I read . However , I was horribly disappointed . I have naturally wavy hair and hoped this product would allow me to wear my hair wavy . Not only did it NOT help my wavy hair but dried it out , made it frizzier and had a horrible smell .
 This sounded like just what I wanted . I do n't know if the one I got was counterfeit or spoilt , but it smelled of nothing but stale alcohol . I could n't believe it . I sprayed some on , waited awhile for it to settle , then asked my brother and sister-in-law to smell . The response ? `` I do n't smell anything but alcohol '' . I tried it several times hoping something would emerge , but no such luck . I had to throw it away since you ca n't return perfume on Amazon . : -LRB- You really should test perfumes before buying . The one star is for the lovely bottle and packaging . The contents ? Zero stars .
 I have one bad eye . It does n't look funny from the outside , but when I 'm in a theatre watching a performance -LRB- live or movies -RRB- I like to cover the bad eye so it does n't undermine the clarity of my vision . So I got these patches so I 'd have something around to cover the bad eye . I liked the different colors , kind of fun . However the backing of these patches are the same color as the front . This can be distracting because now my bad eye is seeing nothing but pink or green or whatever . This undermines the benefits of wearing the patch . I 'm sure that these patches would be fine for a children 's party but for those who need patches to improve vision in a darkened theatre , better to get a patch with a black background .
 My skin is super oily and all I can tell is that this product did not work for me at all.It was the same thing as nothing .
 i bought this straightener cuz it was cute and purple and i thought it was gon na work really good on my hair , and it has a crimper , and stuff . but all it did was sorta flatten my hair and didnt do it very good , and it took forever to heat up im not very patient so i like to get the 60 second ones , also i felt as if it was ripping my hair , and my hair kept getting caught in it . dont buy it
 I ALWAYS use this product and have purchased it from Payless Beauty in the past , but this time the consistency was milky-watery , even lighter in color , as opposed to waxy/creamy , darker in color.I initially e-mailed Payless . They replied I should contact the supplier and complain to them , so I did so . I actually spoke to a person -LRB- a &#34; hairdresser &#34; -RRB- who claimed that Payless must have had it on their shelves for too long.When I once again contacted Payless to tell them of the outcome , they said they had only recently received the shipment from the supplier so therefore the shelf-life statement was false . In other words , they were blaming each other.Despite the price Payless sold it for , from now on I will purchase this product from a hair salon directly.As the old saying goes , you get what you pay for !
 I have been using this perfume since 2004 . When I saw it on line I was so happy . I ordered it and it smell nothing like the real one also the spray cap was missing . I think Perfume Emporium opened it , mixed it to make more money . I will never ever order from this company again . I returned the perfume and ask them to credit my account . I will not recommend that any one buys perfume from Perfume Emporium .
 I ordered the Metal Edition Rocabar fragrance and was very disappointed . I have worn Rocabar for years and thought I would purchase the special metal edition but when it arrived it smelled like a cross between a wet dog 's cedar chip bed and one of those pine tree car air fresheners . Just horrible . The return people were nice enough I guess but after the 15 % restocking fee and shipping , I was out over $ 20.00 . I think I will do most of my fragrance shopping IN STORE from now on .
 I can tell you much about Hermes rocabar -LRB- 2 -RRB- that I ordered through amazon because I never received them all I can tell ya Hermes makes very good products , cause I have 3 other Hermes colognes and all are very good
 I ordered this item and I have three things to report :1 . It is not a bad product but no different from any flat iron you can buy in a store for less than half the price , just an average flat iron .2 . They promised it would come with a pouch and it did not .3 . The worst of all
 This perfume is just AWFUL ! Smells nothing like freesia.The gift recipient was not impressed . The worst is that it ca n't be returned !
 This product wasnt that helpful to my hair . . I didnt really see a difference , plus it made my hair extremely greasy and weigh it down . Im African American with type 4a relaxed hair , this product just wasnt my cup of tea
 Love Cabaret 's salty/sultry scent , but the bottle we received from Amazon had different ingredients than our previous bottle . It was n't red -LRB- as was the previous bottle -RRB- , and it smelled watery and stale . Big disappointment , but thankfully , Amazon refunded us.Guess the takeaway is that when you buy perfumes long-distance , you may get a cheaper version , but you may also get an old bottle , which was , we assume , the case with this .
 The Perfume Emporium sent me the wrong product.When I finally got them to agree to taking it back and refunding , they would not send me a return address nor would they reply to my emails.Very dissapointed , will not deal with them again and I am $ 100 out of pocket with a product that I do n't want .
 My wife lost her sense of smell in the 80 's but well remembered how much she liked Joy perfume . Her name being , Joy , and her being my joy , I thought it only appropriate that I should buy this for her . Unfortunately this expensive perfume smelled like soap ! I tested it with others and they agreed that it did not smell like perfume at all . It comes in a very pretty compact but there is hardly anything in the compact . I feel like I paid for the compact alone .
 My wife lost her sense of smell in the 80 's but well remembered how much she liked Joy perfume . Her name being , Joy , and her being my joy , I thought it only appropriate that I should buy this for her . Unfortunately this expensive perfume smelled like soap ! I tested it with others and they agreed that it did not smell like perfume at all . It comes in a very pretty compact but there is hardly anything in the compact . I feel like I paid for the compact alone .
 This is my first time ever using this product so I did n't know what to expect . I HATE it ! . My hands do not feel anywhere near clean after using it , I can eat a meal , then use this product and my hands STILL smell like food . When I pump the foam into my hand , I have to quickly rub it into my hands before it drips down my wrist or through my fingers ; I have to `` catch it '' as it 's dripping down my wrist , no time to even put the cap back on . When I rub it in my hands , it feels very slick , like I 'm rubbing in water . I 've used foam sanitizer before and they were just that , FOAM , not liquid . So I am VERY dissatisfied and I will NEVER buy this again . I wish I had used it prior to purchasing so I would have known how it was suppose to be . And if this IS how it is suppose to be , then I would have never bought it . Unfortunately I have a case -LRB- 6 bottles -RRB- of this crap . And 4 out of the 6 -LRB- that I 've tried -RRB- are watered down drippy foam .
 I have to agree with the other 1 star rating ... this product -LRB- and any Hand Sanitizer that is more than Alcohol and a thickening agent is BAD NEWS -RRB- . I worked Medical for Years ... worked directly with OSHA and its simple ANTI-BACTERIAL products are NOT GOOD for ANYONE . Alcohol only hand sanitizers -LRB- if you MUST use one ... like Purell -RRB- is fine ... but anything -LRB- cleaners , soap , sanitizers -RRB- that use a chemical for anti-bacterial ... well you are creating an environment that will kill you . Germs and bacteria have their place and anything that KILLS bacteria will not choose between the GOOD bacteria -LRB- that we need -RRB- and the Bad -LRB- that we want to avoid -RRB- . Best idea is simple HAND WASHING with a non anti-bacterial soap ... it gets rid of the bad bacteria , germs , etc and allows the good stuff to do what its suppose to do . To be honest ... FRICTION and WATER alone do a good job ... but to get hands and body clean and remove oil soap is helpful . Avoid this product ... do n't overuse hand sanitizers and if you MUST USE ONE ... READ THE BACK and make sure its NOTHING but ALCOHOL !!!
 You may not believe me , I do n't really care . It is my ETHICAL duty to at least put this out there . If you choose to ignore it and your child becomes ill , at least you were warned.Do the research on Benzalkonium Chloride . IT 'S NOT KID SAFE.It 's NOT a natural chemical as many advertisers claim . These are people with a VESTED interest in you buying their product.Benzalkonium chloride is a known cause of occupational asthma , chronic immune system disorders and chronic dermatitis.You really want to put this on your kids hands?Known human immune system toxicantNational Library of Medicine HazMapHuman immune and respiratory toxicant - strong evidenceproducts that may be aerosolized -LRB- airborne -RRB- Assoc of Occupational and Environmental Clinics - AsthmagensHuman skin toxicant - strong evidenceCosmetic Ingredient Review AssessmentsHuman immune system toxicant - moderate evidenceNational Library of Medicine HazMapOther QUATS
 the box was open and it looked old and the bottle was half empty . this was a bad buy for me because i paid for a new product
 The product arrived , but must have been damaged in shipping -LRB- that or it is just faulty -RRB- . The perfume spray cap does n't work so I ca n't use it ! I 'm disappointed because I really wanted to try this out . Also , Amazon does n't take returns on flammable items so be warned ! : s
 Probably part my fault but disappointed that only lotion came with product . Picture leads you to believe you are also getting the uv light . Bought product to do an experiment with my class and now I have to spend more money on light to make it work . Before you buy , make sure you read the description & do n't go by picture only !!
 I do n't particularly reccommend this product , as it flakes off . Although it is easy to apply , what good is it if it flakes ?
 Even at the highest light setting , this is still way too dim . And with 51/4 '' diameter mirror , this is just way too small . Not to mention that every time you touch it to move it or adjust it , it activates the `` touch '' controls and turns the light off . I 'm returning this immediately .
 the shipper mistakenly sent purell , which has alcohol . they were great in terms of customer support - handled the error instantly by phone , and made things right.i plan to order from shoplet.com again - however , this item is no longer carried by them.good service .
 I 've used this for a little more than 2 years now . And up until now , it was working fine . Now , the blinking light stays blinking , constantly trying to heat up , but not . I 'm sad because I just missed the warranty . And I 'm just writing a review now , because I was trying to find a fix for the thing.I 've starred it down to 2 stars because this is n't that great of straightener in general.Pro
 My sister has one that seems to work pretty well so I bought one and it did n't even turn on . I figured it was a lemon and exchanged it for another one . That one turned on and heated up for about 10 seconds , then stopped and wo n't heat up again . I 've used a ton of different straighteners , dryers , curling irons , etc and I have NEVER had one that does n't even work once ! COMPLETE WASTE !
 I was disappointed getting this product because I 've read the previous reviews and the majority have written positive feedback on this hair iron . I actually prefer the cheaper Conair 's ceremanic irons w/o the wet on/off feature over this one . It does n't clamp down well on my hair -LRB- I 've got thick frizzy hair -RRB- . The results for me are n't that great , it straightens my hair a little but it 's still frizzy . It 's lightweight which is nice . I do n't care for the wet hair option because it takes me twice as long to straighten my hair . I definitely prefer other models over this one .
 I bought this product for my wife , who occasionally straightens her hair , even though she already has naturally straight hair . The product was maintained in nearly pristine condition , and at the time of this review , it still looks so well cared for I could practically return it as new in the box -LRB- had I kept the box -RRB- . Anyways , after EXACTLY on year , the product just stopped heating . The lights turn on but the heating never begins . What I find fascinating is that I 'm not the only person this has happened to . If you read through the low-rated reviews of this product , several other customers have complained about this . I do not recommend this product .
 I LOVVVVVVVE this straightener but I am now on my second one as the heating element keeps burning out :-LRB- I wrote to the Conair customer service folks and am waiting to hear back . Hopefully they will replace it !
 My wife loved this straight iron until one day it just stopped heating up . It was on christmas in fact , and she got it from santa just the year before . I wo n't buy this brand again . Good luck if you choose to risk it .
 It was too heavy and bulky to use . It did a good job but it was hard to control .
 I 've used the same straightener for the past four years and have always been able to get my naturally curly hair perfectly straight . This past Christmas though I got the Conair Tourmaline Ceramic Straightener as a gift and decided to try it out . Not only did it not work for anything , it pulled my hair and broke it at every pass . Also , it took more than twice as long as my normal straightener . Needless to say , I 'll be taking this back for an exchange.I suggest the normal flat panel straightener for anyone with naturally curly hair .
 Let me say I own the Infiniti by Conair SS9 11/2 '' Nano Silver Steam Straightener which works great however , I live in an area which requires 220 volts or a transformer to use my silver nano . After looking around and reading the reviews I purchased the Conair Tourmaline 2 inch because the reviews and description read similar to my nano silver . The product is indeed dual voltage however , in order to use it wet , the hair has to be wet . The temperature gage is awkward and it broke my daughter 's hair off . When I used the Nano silver there was no hair breakage . After an hour of trying to straighten my daughter 's hair I gave up and turned the product off . Now I am in the market for another dual voltage product similar to my SS9 Nano silver . I will be returning product back to Amazon for a refund . Also another website has the same product for $ 5 or more less than Amazon .
 My hair is curly , but not difficult to straighten . The wet setting button does not provide enough heat to dry and straighten my hair . The dry set button does not provide enough heat either . The pins do n't do much to help pull the hair straight . The result was frizzy , course , partly straight hair , it took a long time , and I got so hot during the process that I 'm sure it frizzed my hair more . Also , the vents are on the side , which made it easy to burn myself from the steam . Probably best for lightly wavy , thin caucasion type hair . Everyone else , spend the extra money for the Maxi-Glide . Does a much better job and is easy to use .
 - My story
 I really hated this product I do n't understand how it got so many good reviews . First of all , the hot steam kept escaping through this part near the handle and it burned my hand several times which really hurt , second of all , the results
 I read all the reviews & thought this would do the trick . My daughter does not like the results at all . It does not straighted her hair as it states . I wish I would have spent a little more $ $ on a better one .
 I have been ordering from amazon for a long time now and this is the first time I 've ever has problems . The straightner was backordered , which I diddnt know about until after it was ordered , then it dissappeared before making its way to my apartment . I was promptly issued a refund - in the end no harm no foul . This is just the risk you take when ordering through the net but after I finally got a customer service rep on the phone I was well taken care of .
 This Freaking sucks !! it does not heat well at all and it leaves my hair puffy and not straight at all . I have really think curly hair and it did not work for me , I do n't recommend it . I thought it would actually work cause of all the 5 stars of ratings it had and people saying great stuff about it . Even my sister did n't like it and she has thin some what straight hair and for her it takes longer to straighten . Maybe I got a defected one or who knows , but I personally do n't recommend it .
 I have also gone through three of these . I like them , and they are cheap so I kept buying the same one . Until today when the third died . It worked great yesterday , and then like the others try to heat it up this morning , and nothing . When it goes it goes , with no warning . Bought another model today . If used every day , they have all lasted me for a year , maybe a year and a half . But now I would rather spend the money on one that will last .
 I got this for my daughter for Christmas and it is already broken . It wo n't turn on and she used it maybe 5 times . On a good note , I think it did a nice job when it worked . It has a warranty but I have to send it in .
 I bought this about a week or two ago . I liked it for the most part when I got it , but today it broke . I used it maybe 5 times total . I did not drop it . The product will not turn on at all . I would spend your money on another product as I 'm learning many people have experienced this .
 If this was just designed a bit better it would be great . It heats quick and leaves hair smooth . I have long hair , so I need to hold the end while curling my hair . When I first started to use this curling iron , I burned my fingers numerous times . The end is way to short , plus it is rounded and not easy to hold on to . Another problem is where the control to turn on/off is located . The switch is located right where your pinky goes , and I usually end up turning it off once , during each use . This is frustrating when you do n't realize you have done this , and the iron cools . Lastly , the hinge catches your hair and pulls it out . I would not recommend this item until they change the design , and I will make sure next time I purchase a curling iron , that I look more closely at the design , and read some reviews .
 This curling iron is terrible , which is a shame because all the reviews are generally positive . It burns my hair and does n't curl AT ALL . I 've tried the different heat settings , smaller and bigger chunks of hair and leaving it in for awhile - it just does not work . I have straight fine hair and I have never experienced this problem with any curling iron in the past .
 I bought this curling iron , allured by the claim of the tourmaline technology being better for my hair . I have used multiple curling irons and curlers throughout the years , but have never had the horrible experience I 've had with this one . It is apparently WAY too hot , even on the lowest setting . In one week of use , my hair has gone to it 's worst shape ever . I have lost patches of hair , and every time I use this iron , my hair feels `` crunchy . '' I am never using it again , while I still have some hair left on my head , and will be looking for another one ASAP .
 The curling iron leaves lines from the clamp and the curls do not even work much less hold in my hair . I even used a ton of hairspray
 Does not heat up well and stay hot , nor holds my hair in the clip to the end , as I pull the hair down to curl at the ends , the clip is not tight to the barrel and slips out . Not happy with this item .
 I read the reviews on Amazon and on Target.com -LRB- Target 's reviewers gave it a lower average -RRB- . I did not want to buy it , but after visiting three nearby stores , it became apparent that this was the only 1.5 '' curling iron that I could have if I wanted it that day -LRB- which I did -RRB- . The other negative reviews were right . Yes , the curling iron does get hot , quickly , and it could potentially curl your hair ... if you do n't accidentally turn it off while rolling your hair , and if you do n't need to hold onto the tip , and if you do n't burn your fingers.The comment about the on/off switch being too easily depressed during normal curling - TRUE . The comment about the tip being too hot - TRUE -LRB- in case you thought you 'd grip the tip to avoid gripping the handle , thereby turning the iron off while curling . -RRB- . Nobody has mentioned the shape of the tip ... it is a dome shape and ribbed so that your fingers slide right off the end . Unless of course , you grip a little closer to the handle . Then your fingers will slide right onto the 400 degree hot curling surface . And worst of all ... if you use it on heat setting # 4 or # 5 , YOU WILL RADIATE THE SMELL OF BURNED HAIR - ALL DAY LONG.My last 1.5 '' curling iron was a Conair Instant Heat which retails for about half and worked well for several years . I 'm getting that one again .
 This curling iron does heat up quickly and curls hair well without snagging hair as some other brands do . However , the tip is so small and gets so hot that it 's nearly impossible to hold onto . I burned my fingers badly thinking that I could hold onto the entire plastic end as you can with all other curling irons . However , only the very tip is cool enough to touch , which does n't have enough surface area to hold onto.This curling iron has a very poor design . It does n't matter how it curls your hair if you ca n't even hold onto the curling iron itself .
 This curling iron is difficult to use for long hair . The tip is difficult to control while curling and gets very hot . It is small and so you often touch the iron . It is hard to control when curling and long hair tends to get caught and pulls .
 WHY oh why did I ignore those other reviews ? They were absolutely right . The tip is way too short , so you DO end up burning your fingers almost every time . And the MOST annoying thing about this curling iron is you do accidentally keep turning it off because the power button is in the wrong spot . Do n't buy this curling iron . The iron itself does an ok job of curling your hair but the DESIGN of the iron ... ugh ! What were they thinking ? And stupid me for thinking those other reviewers were just weirdos who did n't know how to hold a curling iron . They were n't weirdos , they were right . I 'm the stupid one for not listening to them ! oh well .
 I truly did n't like this iron becase of the location of the on/off button . The iron shuts off everytime I pick it up and put it to my hair . POOR DESIGN .
 I have repeatedly burned my index finger with this curling iron . The black plastic end of the curling iron has a little safety rest so that the curling iron does n't burn surface it is heated up on . However , the rest does n't go all the around the circumfrance of the black plastic end of the curling iron so it is really easy to initially rest your index finger on the safety rest and when you go to turn the curling iron in an attempt to wind your hair around the barrel , your finger automatically moves from the safety rest to the PIPING HOT IRON ! . I actually blistered my index finger the third time I used this curling iron ! Choose a safer curling iron or suffer the burns !
 This curling iron is such a hassle because the on/off switch as well as the temperature setting buttons are on the handle , and every time I roll my hair I end up turning the curling iron off . Every time ! I am ready to throw it away because of this . The setting buttons need to be in a different place . Very frustrating !!!
 This iron drives me crazy . It heats up rather quickly and has three heat settings but those are the only positive aspects I can think of . It is nearly impossible to use this device without turning it off during styling . The on / off switch is super sensitive and placed right where your hand needs to go in order to hold the iron safely . Besides the poor design , the iron is not that effective as a styling tool . I simply do not like it . I have only had this model for a couple of weeks and will be ordering a FHI or CHI . You always get what you pay for .
 I 've had this unit quite some time , but it is not one of my favorites . It does get really hot , and if you are not careful you can end up with burned smelling hair , though the hair itself does not appear damaged just smells bad . It will give some curl , but they do n't last long at all .
 I 've used various curling irons over the years from various brands and of varying widths . ALL have performed better than this model . I had no problem with the placement of the buttons , however I did have a problem with it not curling my hair at all ! My hair is naturally completely straight and the most this curling iron did to my hair was make it lean a little to the side . Definitely returning this one .
 There are more cons than pros with this curling iron.CONS * The tip of the curling iron is rounded , so that it is nearly impossible to get a grip on it while curing your hair . * Because of the badly designed tip , I have burnt myself three times , while only using it twice . * While in use , it will turn off because the on/off button is exactly where most women would place their fingers while curling their hair . * It is awkward to hold and manipulate because of its shape.PROS * If you do n't mind a burnt scalp and fingers , and the fact that it will turn off several times as you bump the on/off switch while curling your hair , it will produce good curls .
 Ordered this item from the seller Ace Photo Digital with free super saving shipping , arrived in a timely fashion . First off this was not the same as advertised . The description says new , and this was obviously used - ther were scuff marks and scratches on the ceramic iron parts and little pieces of hair on it . There was a funky smell that emanated from it right out of the box like burned electrical or something , but I still plugged it in to use anyway , and when the smell was still dominant , I decided to put it away , and that 's when I noticed no barrel cover and found it was pre-owned or a customer return.Next , I noticed this model number was described as CD109bn and I got CD109 . What 's the difference ? Well for starters the manufacture date on the metal plug was 2003 , so this was a very old stock piece , made of a rubberized type black handle , these type eventually become sticky and wear out . Out dated manufacturing date means without a receipt , there is no warranty which expires in 3 years . The newer model which I locally purchased has a shiny plastic handle , is manufactured 06-11 which is fine if I lose the receipt , because the warranty is 5 years on the newer models . Plus the plastic handle will last me for years . Additionally , the newer models have improved power buttons which I agree with other reviewers that the iron so easily shuts off accidentally - it was way too sensitive.One thing to note , the 2003 model I received had a very long cord so that stylists could use it in a salon , where as the newer one I bought has a shorter cord by 2 feet.I emailed the amazon seller and was replied that I need to contact customer service at amazon since it was shipped by amazon . When I called them , they offered to reship me another at the current selling price and credit me when I return this one , but when it came down to ordering , somehow my address was blocked ??? Yeah , the message on the screen says this item can not be shipped to the stated adress , please select a different shipping address or remove this item . Imagine that ! Granted I live in a US territory , so I am limited to what will be shipped here , but how co you go from shipping to me and no longer a week later ? I 'm miffed . I may just contact con air directly about this , unfair selling of old outdated items on amazon with missing parts.The iron itself ? I love it ! I have the 11/4 inch size , and with longer hair I needed a larger barrel so it is why I ordered a 11/2 inch size in the first place . It holds the curl for a while only when I use hairspray , but otherwise , it would fall flat , almost like I used a smooth iron in my hair , regardless , I always receive complimetns on my hair and o tell everyone it is the conair iron .
 This curling iron is being returned . The number one reason is that the on/off switch 's design and placement is awful . I turned it off several times without noticing right away . Another thing I did n't like is that there 's no indicator for when it has reached the temperature . Also , the `` cool tip '' still gets a bit hot . And last but certainly not least , the CURLS DID NOT LAST !! I tried a few of the temperature settings and my curls were falling out before I was even done with all my hair !
 I loved this iron when it arrived . The price was right , it heated really fast , everything appealed about it . I used it less than two months , 10 times at most if that , and it quit heating on me . The light turns on , and that is about it . Now it is more than 30 days , I doubt I can return it . : -LRB-
 I 've been using this curling iron for about a week now and it 's not really producing the curls I want . I own a really old Revlon curling iron I was hoping to replace , simply because it 's old - but it curls very well . I also wanted the 11/2 barrel.My hair is very malleable , and I usually always get good curls that last the whole day . However , right after I curl my hair with this iron , the curls go away within 15-20 minutes , it 's really bizarre . I do n't use any styling products , and I usually do n't need to to keep the curl . Is there something I 'm doing wrong ? I 've used every heat setting and still , the curls do n't stay ! It 's almost like I never curled my hair . Should I return it ?
 I tried this curling iron the same day I got it . I was so disappointed that it did not work for me . I was expecting it to at least give me big waves ... my hair comes out straight with a curl at the end . What the ? My flat iron gives me better curls than this ... the only reason why I got this curling iron is because I keep burning my fingers when I use my flat iron to curl my hair . Needless to say , I 'm returning it tomorrow .
 This iron drives me crazy . It heats up rather quickly and has three heat settings but those are the only positive aspects I can think of . It is nearly impossible to use this device without turning it off during styling . The on / off switch is super sensitive and placed right where your hand needs to go in order to hold the iron safely . Besides the poor design , the iron is not that effective as a styling tool . I simply do not like it . I have only had this model for a couple of weeks and will be ordering a FHI or CHI . You always get what you pay for .
 This is a good curling iron except for the fact that the temperature is WAY TOO HOT even on the lowest setting . I would literally just have my hair in it for 2-3 seconds because any longer I felt was horrible for my hair . When I released my hair from the curling iron my hair felt like it was sizzling to the touch . When I used this for about a month , I realized my hair was getting so damaged . My hair felt like straw and I have never had that problem with another curling iron . Yes , it works well , does n't snag hair , leaves hair smooth ... but damages the heck out of it ! This might only be good for those who have really hard to curl hair and need the super high temperatures .
 i purchased this item b/c of all the great reviews but i did n't like this product . the curling iron made my hair oily and the curls completely feel out in a 1/2 hour .
 okay , so i just purchased this product and i waited extra time to let it heat up more and when i curled it , i kept it on for 5 seconds and let go and i bearly even had a wave.i would not recommend this curling iron .
 I read all the reviews about this curling iron and it seemed like a great one to purchase . Mine seems to shut off too soon -LSB- it is a safety mechanism built in -RSB- and I have put it on the highest temperature and still not satisfied with the curl . It is possible I have a defective one since so many others found it a good item . Check the product again to see if anyone else had trouble with this iron .
 I bought this via Amazon while in China . I 'm not sure if the voltage difference is causing the problem or it 's a faulty product . I am using a converter to plug it in , but only the light comes on -- no heat . It 's been 3 months for me without a curling iron in China ; looks like it will be 3 more !
 Conair styling tools are generally awful , so I 'm not sure why I bought this to begin with ... my bad . As others have mentioned , the iron is horribly designed , but I 'd be completely willing to overlook that if it actually curled my hair and did not leave my head smelling like burnt hair for three days . I have really long hair that has been `` weathered '' by lots of blow drying , flat ironing and bleaching ... I guess the Conair Infiniti Pro just was n't up to the task .
 Curling iron curls very nicely but has two massive design flaws :1 - the location of the on/off switch is such that I kept turning it off while I was curling , but would n't realize until the iron was no longer hot .2 - the tip is not designed in a way that prevents you from putting your fingers on the heated portion of the iron.Going back !
 This curling iron will pull your hair and break it . This product should not be in the market . It is bad constructed and overprice . Do not buy it . Not worth your hard earned money .
 You ca n't get your hand near the tip without burning it and in the meantime your other hand keeps turning it off because of the control placement . What a waste of money .
 I actually purchased this at a major beauty chain for a lower price , but it 's going back this weekend . I got the 11/2 '' size , which , it turns out , offers absolutely no curl for my thick , below-shoulder length naturally wavy hair . It actually seems to straighten it more than curl , which is odd since I 've used this size in the past with better curl results.As other reviewers have said , this is designed just terribly . The controls are at EXACTLY the spot you put your hands while you 're curling , which means in the two times I used it , I turned the iron off about 15 times and adjusted the heat haphazardly another 20 . In fact , the second time I used it , I just gave up halfway through and put it aside to return . It 's THAT annoying . The worst part is that the stay-cool tip of the iron is so short that even it is not an alternative place to put your hands . So if you 're sleepily doing your hair in the morning -LRB- as I often do -RRB- , plan on burning yourself at least seven or eight times.So glad I kept my receipt , and am going to spring for something laid out a lot better .
 Although this iron does heat up very quickly and does grip your hair very well , there are issues . The cool tip is far too short -LRB- or far too heat-conductive -RRB- , and thus heats up ... which means sore , burned fingers . The clamping power of the iron is great -- hair does n't slip out , even to thin ends -- BUT the price you will pay for that is weird , straight crimp lines every couple of inches in the curl . It 's just TOO tight . Also , the on-off button is badly placed , and I have to watch constantly because it 's very easy to accidentally turn it off . A beep would be nice -- other irons have a beep feature for on/off ; with a design this poor , a beep should have been included . Also , when it turns off , you have to adjust the heat back up to the temperature you want , so it 's a two to four step process every time you accidentally shut it off.I give it two stars only because of how fast it heats up and how smooth the surface of the barrel is . Otherwise I 'd rate it a one star for the mid-curl crimps .
 This is one of the worst curling irons I have ever bought . First off the top piece is not heat resistent so I burn myself every time I touch it . The black piece over the handle is also very hot . Every time I curl away from my head I hit the buttons and turn it off . This curling iron is going back tomorrow !
 I am actually on Amazon right now looking for a replacement because I can not stand the stupid button getting turned off constantly and having to turn it back on .
 I would have given it a zero star if I could . - The unit keeps turnig off or changes the set temperature . The on/off and temperature buttons are so sensitive that with just a light touch the unit either turns off or changes the setting . Because of the locaion of the switches on the handle , it 's impossible to avoid touching them . I accidentally turned off the power every time I curled a section of hair . - The end tip is too hot to hold . You could burn you fingers!I 'm returning mine . I ca n't find a bettter way to hold this iron properly without turning off the unit and burning my fingers at the same time .
 I am disappointed with this curling iron . It is constantly turning off because the button gets hit while holding the iron to curl your hair . I tried a different curling iron while staying with a friend and had no such problem .
 The on/off and heat setting switches are far too easy to hit accidentally while you are using it so I found the iron got either too hot or turned off completely . I have naturally curly hair and only use irons like this when some strands have n't curled as much as the rest . This Item did not glide smoothly on my hair , did very little to make a pretty curl and actually straightened my hair when set to the highest heat setting .
 As I type with a burnt thumb , I have to say I 'm extremely disappointed with this curling iron . It 's unfortunate considering I 've usually had good luck with the `` higher '' end Conair products . The saddest flaw of this iron is the design . The tip of the iron that you balance with your other hand is not friendly . Within my first use I burnt my thumb badly , so much that the skin is white . The design on the tip is threaded in a way that you can barely grip the end of the curling iron because your fingers ca n't grab enough of the curling iron 's non-heated surface area . My first time trying the iron , the tool fell to the ground because of the lack of grip on the tip . When attempting to curl again , my hand would slip off the tip and while trying to compensate with a firmer grip on the handle end , I would accidentally hit the power switch . It was annoying.The curling iron is also very hot and I found my hair somewhat frazzled after the small use I had with it.This product is going back to the store .
 Clinique 's Exfoliating Scrub is a facial scrub for oily skin . It is a thick , white paste packed with medium-size scrubbing grains - more grains than in Clinique 's `` 7 Day Scrub '' for normal skin . To use , massage onto clean , wet skin in a circular motion . Rinse with warm water . Careful not to get it in your eyes , as I did once while rinsing it off in the shower . This scrub does an adequate job of exfoliating and retexturizing skin . But it 's unsuitable for sensitive skin , and it stinks to high heaven . It contains menthol , which burns skin and clears the sinuses at no extra charge . Having so much menthol so close to my nose is not a good thing . Of course , it is `` 100 % Fragrance Free '' according to Clinique , meaning that the smell of menthol is unadulterated by perfumes . The scrub also contains salicylic acid , so beware that this might be too drying for some skin types , especially if used frequently . The performance is n't bad . The olfactory aesthetics are atrocious . This is the harshest , most caustic facial scrub I 've ever used . Sensitive complexions beware !
 Had to get a credit from Amazon . It was advertised as 3.4 oz with I received 1.2 -LRB- sample -RRB- . Seller would not respond to my e-mails . Very disappointing .
 This is the skinniest neck brush I 've ever seen . It 's probably only about 1 '' in diameter . I 'll take their word for it that it 's real boar bristle but the ends are all raggedy and the bristles very sparse.I 'd rather have had synthetic bristles and a brush that can really brush.Not a major investment , granted but now I have to order another and after this experience do n't trust the pictures here on Amazon.com any more .
 They fall out during each use , pay more money and get a better brush trust me it will be worth it .
 It 's a little on the small side . I guess I was expecting something a bit bigger around . This Neck Duster is of good quality though .
 This brush has a skinny , skimpy tuft of very stiff boar hair whose ends are not trimmed to a uniform length . The sensation of having one 's neck brushed with it is quite unpleasant . My memories of the barbershop of my youth is that the neck brush was a soft and soothing finish to my haircuts ; this is the polar opposite . It 's going back .
 This is more of a makeup brush than a proper neck duster . I 'll be dumping this and getting the real deal next time .
 if you go to the fncmedical website you can get the exact same product for Waaay less in shipping . so this sale on amazon is a bit of a ripoff .
 I know that I 'm wasting my time writing this review because the product is not worth the expense . Maybe I 'll prevent someone else from wasting their money and time on it.Let me start by saying that I 've been using another Marvy product -LRB- the No. 53 Stand-Up Horsehair Neck Duster -RRB- which has been completely satisfying . I 've had it for years and have used it frequently . It is getting long in the tooth so I decided to get another one . I went to the store where I purchased it and they were no longer carrying them . I looked online and found this product . It looked like a good replacement . Sooooo ... I bought this item from another reseller and got it about a week ago . My first impression was `` this thing is pretty shabby -LRB- inferior in quality -RRB- . '' This is an understatement . The wooden handle is weak and in the week that I 've been using it , the handle has already fallen off . Do n't bother with this product and get the other one -LRB- No. 53Stand-Up Horsehair Neck Duster . It costs more but well worth the upgrade in quality .
 What a piece of junk . The bristles are very thin , and unevenly cut . A few of them even fell out during shipping . The handle is crooked and it falls out as soon as you pick it up . It is because the small handle is not fixed -LRB- glued or nailed -RRB- into the shank , most likely to save even more on production costs . Nevertheless , it is proudly written with huge letters on the shank -LRB- Amazon is careful to show us only the other side -RRB-
 If anything is a metter of personal taste , perfume is . I have several perfumes in the Aqua Allegoria line and love them all . I also like the scents of which this is composed , but hate the perfume . Really , this was a surprise . I disliked it so much I could not wait to wash it off . It reminded me of a recipe gone bad.Time was , I would not have thought basil would be a nice note , but there is one I got this year in Crabtree & Evelyn 's natural line which is quite nice . In that one , the orange dominates and the basil is quite subtle . In the Anisia Bella it was the other way around.If you like Herbal fragrences , grassy notes
 I have recieved this as a gift from a friend . Truth be told , I am not fond of this perfume . I wore this to work yesterday and all I can smell is the anise in this perfume . The anise gives it the liquorice smell to it . I am debating if I should just hang on to it because the bottle is pretty cool looking and my friend gave it to me or give it away . I ca n't see myself using up a 4.2 ounce bottle of this anytime soon unless I use it as an air freshiner .
 I did n't realize this product wall all natural grease . Yes , GREASE ! I did n't know . However , I will say my boyfriend LOVES it ! If ur looking for all natural grease , this is for you . If you are looking for an all natural growth treatment -LRB- no greasy formula -RRB- stay away ! It took almost a week to wash out .
 I hate this stuff . It does n't specifically say how to use it - so without knowing , I used quite a bit thinking it would be like a hair mask . Now my hair is greasy and oily and it is impossible to wash out . If anyone has tips on how to get this crap out of my hair , please let me know .
 NO NO NO ! This product is terrible and has parabens in it : Methylparaben , Ethylparaben , Propylparaben , Isobutylparaben , Butylparabeni think it has every paraben there is in that little over-priced bottle . check out all the other toxic preservatives in it as well.Methyl Glucose Sesquistearate , Hydroxyethylcellulose , Xanthan Gum , Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacryladipate-2 , BHT , Phenoxyethanol , Tetrasodium EDTA.STAY AWAY . Made my skin look terrible and rad
 I loved the Armani Mania lotion , and it no longer seems to be available in stores , rumored to be discontinued . The bottle I received looked like the real thing , but smelled like an old , stale version of it . I threw it out . Do n't waste your $ $ $ .
 The lotion does n't smell anything like the perfume . I could n't believe I spent money on this lotion and it sucks ! It stinks ! I love the perfume and have been buying it for the last 6-7 years , but the lotion is a whole other story . If you like the perfume DO NOT BUY THIS !
 Wow , I got this product and I was shocked at how strong it is . I used Royal Secret many years ago , and it was a wonderfully subdued scent reminding me somewhat of baby powder . I loved it ! It is NOT the SAME ! I barely put any on now and I will not buy this again .
 This product bears no resemblance to the Royal Secret I used to buy , or any other scent one might want to wear . It is actually unusable ; it resembles something more like insect spray . I do n't know if it 's been sitting around deteriorating somewhere or if it 's a horrifically bad knockoff , but it was a complete waste of money in any case . I was busy at the time I received this order and let the time for doing a return elapse . Also , I was really angry to have been scammed and just did n't want to talk to the people responsible for it . My advice
 My experience with this product was very disappointing . It does not last -- chipping off the next day ! And it made no noticeable difference in my nails . I would not recommend .
 The product was advertised as Nailtiques 2 Plus , which is what I wanted , not just the `` 2 '' formula . So , I was not happy after waiting for it , to be the wrong thing . I should have returned it , but I ca n't get around much , since I am in a cast . Do not order from this vendor if you want Nailtiques 2 Plus .
 I was very disappointed at this product - not only the product itself but the fact i was charged nearly $ 200NZD for a small tub of clips that really were hardly bobby pins at all , the space in between the two prongs of the clip was so wide that it would not hold anything together !! horrible product ! waste of money !
 I ordered the wrong Alexandra de Markoff cologne for my mother 's birthday . I should have ordered Enigma instead . Unfortunately , I found out too late that cologne can not be returned/exchanged because it is considered a hazardous material . I do n't understand why it was n't considered hazardous when it was shipped to me . Needless to say , the box sits unopened in it 's original shipping box .
 Be careful when applying this to your face . I suggest spraying on your hands in small amounts and applying to your face as evenly as possible . if you do n't get it even , you can end up with large dark spots on your face and they do n't wash off for days . Unfortunately I have some light colored freckles . This product will tan your freckles and make them darker too . Has a coconut scent or a scent that reminds you of suntan lotion ... more like a cocoa butter scent .
 after seeing all of the 5 star ratings i had really high hopes for this product . it just did n't work for me . there was no color change in my skin at all .
 I think the product must be quite old , because it does n't do anything . I 've used it in the past , and it has worked well .
 Does n't deliver a fine mist ... it left me streaky all over . Very disappointing ... I 'll go back to Neutrogena or Tan in a towel .
 I have used at least 20 different face tanners and this one in my opinion was the worst . Did not work , and stunk . I usually love Sally 's products ... but this one def not .
 This perfume has beautiful mid and top-notes , but is extremely musky in the low-notes . I walked into a room where someone was wearing it and was nearly knocked over . I could n't smell my own perfume on myself anymore , as the fragrance was burned into my nostrils for a couple of hours . I am a perfume connoisseur , and I do n't recommend this one because it 's too `` loud . ''
 At the opera this evening I sat next to a woman wearing a scent so overpowering it made my eyes water and my throat burn . I 'd never had such a reaction to a scent before and so , at the end of the performance , I asked her what she was wearing . Her embarrassed answer
 I love the aroma of this parfum . However , it said that a sprayer would be included but it did not come with the package !!! Very disappointing !!!
 Did not like from the first spray . I wore it out and my sister made the comment that someone was wearing old lady perfume .
 I do not know what the big fuss is all about . This perfume is not all it is cracked up to be . I detested the smell .
 do not buy this product from here it is definetely fake . i have been using flower bomb for years now , so i ordered two bottles . but i knew once i received the package they perfume were fake , smelled them it was pure alcohol.do not waste your money ordering them from here , buy only from sephora or departement store .
 This is my very favorite perfume ... I love it . But I really believe this product is OLD , the color is dark & it smells not like it should . If I can find my paperwork I am going to try to send it back , for $ 99.00 is was no bargain , like I thought it would be . I should had known , when I opened the perfume box , the inner box was torn & the perfume bottle was sideways , like it was opened & sent back previously ... so disappointed .
 I would NOT recommend buying this product ! The barcodes are cut off and stickers are placed over some of them . The perfume was loose in the box when I received it and looked like it had been repackaged -LRB- the cardboard was bent in odd places and the clear wrap was already coming off -RRB- . The scent does not last as long when compared to the ` same ' perfume at Nordstrom , it smells different by the end of the day and is more sugary than flowery . It 's disappointing to see that Amazon would sell something that is n't real , but they definitely did . If you want this perfume , definitely buy it from an authorized dealer such as Nordstrom or Sephora . Nordstrom will even match the Amazon price . DO NOT BUY IT ON AMAZON .
 I think this is the most deceptive title for a perfume period . It really smells like baby powder . I got this from the perfumania sale after having it on my amazon wish list for ages . just to realize this thing really is no better smelling than baby powder . Fell for the hype . I paid a lot of money to discover this . My kids play with this and I do n't even mind it any more .
 The product we received does not look like the same one that we bought at the department store.It smells different that bottle.The bottle is different.Trying to contact seller
 I received the product to find the packaging had been opened and re-packaged , in order to insert a knock off of the product ordered.The perfume is not the product as described , the fragrance is that of a cheap perfume , and Amazon will not allow it to be returned.Flowerbomb by Viktor & Rolf for Women - 3.4 Ounce EDP SprayI have been ripped-off !
 Soon after I got this product , I noticed that the color was off . It was a beigy pink , instead of light pink . It also does not smell like Flowerbomb . I would not recommend this product .
 Suggested retail 70-100 .00 this company has to have made a mistake and I hope there not trying to take advantage of people by trying to sell this over 800.00 's
 I 'M SURE PEOPLE WHO LIKE THIS WOULD FIND IT WONDERFUL ... I COULD BARELY GIVE IT AWAY AS NO ONE LIKE HOW IT SMELLED ON THEM . GUESS I LEARNED A LESSON ... NOT THE FAULT OF THE VENDOR , BUT MY OWN .
 I ordered this item prior to reading the reviews . After reading the reviews I was slightly worried but double checked to make sure that Amazon , LLC was fulfilling the order ... they were , so I felt like it should be fine , as I 've never had a problem with anything I 've purchased from Amazon before . The package arrived in a box that was not the normal Amazon box -LRB- w / the smile . -RRB- When I opened the box , it was VERY CLEAR that the actual product box had been tampered with . Just like the others , the box was slightly bent , the bottle rolling around freely inside , the security code had been cut off . I did not open the packaging right away . I just went ahead and called Amazon to request a refund . They refunded me without question . I am very pleased with how Amazon handled it , although I really hope they can investigate these cases , somehow . Amazon told me not to return the item to them , due to some kind of chemical laws . I wanted to open it and compare it to the real thing , so I went to my local Sephora store , got a sample of Flowerbomb , gathered 5 of my friends and sprayed the one from Sephora on one wrist and the one from Amazon on the other wrist and let them all see if they could tell a difference . They , unanamously , agreed that the one I purchased from Amazon was different and smelled very strongly of alcohol ... not the rich , warm smells of the real Flowerbomb on my other wrist . Lesson learned ??? Do n't try to get a deal on designer perfume !!! Just go ahead and pay full price and know that you 're getting the actual product that you love !!!
 My wife has worn this scent for years and we have extra bottles at home . I got this for her and when it arrived it is a fake horrible knock off !!! The bottle is close but wrong . The metal label is glued on loosely and crooked . The pump spray is cheap and weak , and the perfume color is wrong and scent is wrong !! Beware do not buy this from this retailer ! We still have the perfume we have n't returned it yet . But we will and we want our money back . I have never returned anything on amazon , but I have heard it is easy . We like Amazon and will continue to shop here but not from this particular perfume retailer .
 This product arrived in time promised . However , it seemed off color and not the actual perfume . The color is very gold and not petal pink . I wear this all the time and the smell of this purchase seems old or stagnant . Not pleased .
 I wanted to get this for my girlfriend for new years . I placed my order on December 21st and received the item on January 2nd . I could tell the box plastic had been taped back to the box , after opening it I saw more evidence that this perfume was fake . It does n't even smell like flower bomb . I hope amazon will refund the money.DON ' T BUY IT ! FAKE ITEM .
 I ordered Flowerbomb 3.4 Ounce EDP Spray from Amazon -LRB- not from one of the 3rd venders -RRB- , and it was an obvious counterfeit . My wife has been using this perfume and still has the old bottle . The one we received from Amazon does not smell the same , and the bottle is in lower quality . For example , the surface of the cap is concaved as if it was cheaply molded while the cap of the real one has a smooth , flat surface . There are some other details which are different from the real one . Great as always , Amazon refunded me the purchase price . Amazon also agreed that they would need to run some investigation on their inventory and supplier .
 THIS IS COUNTERFEIT . DO NOT BUY THIS PERFUME.What you receive will not be Flowerbomb , but a knock-off . Upon opening the box , my girlfriend noticed it looked fairly beat up but thought at first that it could have been due to shipping . What we discovered upon looking closer was that the Secret Service code that comes with each bottle of perfume had been sloppily razored off the package , as well as two other strips down the inside of the box . Additionally , the beat up look to the box was due to the fact that it had been completely ripped open -LRB- its made out of one piece of cardboard that is fastened with glue on one side -RRB- and then hot glued back together , although whomever glued it made a mess out of it and left drizzles of glue all over the inside , as well as fingerprints on the pearlescent outside of the box . The perfume was n't supported like it normally is either , it was rolling around freely in a crushed version of the pink cardboard that normally suspends it , so the black Vicktor & Rolph ; marker was bent . The scent of the perfume was the last straw - she put some of her previous bottle of Flowerbomb perfume -LRB- purchased at Sephora -RRB- on one wrist and then some from this bottle on her other wrist . After a few minutes , the difference was clear - the counterfeit smells similar , but lacks the sweet , smokey undertones of the real deal . My girlfriend was so excited to find this perfume at a discount - clearly , this is why .
 My hubby walked by me after I dabbed some of the perfume on and commented `` that smells like an old lady . '' not quite the response I was hoping for from him . I waited for the dry down hoping the scent would somehow beautify itself on me , but alas it 's hopeless . Headache inducing and strong . Would not recommend .
 my daughter was thrilled when she received this gift , until she opened it . it was unlike all the other viktor and rolf flowerbomb parfum she uses . the color was off . there was a strong smell of alcohol . when I smelled it , I agreed . This smelled like rubbing alcohol .
 I HAD TO SENT IT BACK IT WAS FAKE AND IT SMELLED AWFUL ... IT WAS FAKE AND EXPENSIVE ... NEVER AGAIN !!! WHATEVER YOU DO GUYS DONTTTT ORDER FROM THESE PEOPLE ... IVE BEEN CHASING FOR MY MONEY FOR TWO MONTHS ...
 Only $ 800 ? And I 've saved $ 800 too ? All for a perfectly NORMAL , small and easily obtained for about 1/10 the price elsewhere . Do n't know who these idiots are fooling .
 It 's 100 % fake . Do n't waste your money because you ca n't return it . I am Very very disappointed . Hate this product !
 I purchased this fragrance wondering why it was $ 15 less than all the other Flowerbomb perfumes being sold on Amazon . When I recieved it in the mail , it was blatantly obvious that it was a knockoff . I had already previously purchased Flowerbomb , and by doing a side-by-side comparison , I could see that this perfume was a different color , did not have the same markings on the bottle , and even the boxes were different colors and textures . Very upset about this purchase .
 I really would like a refund for this product , I tried the flowerbomb at Nordstrom and liked it , The one I received from Amazon does not smell the same and the cap does n't fit right and the small black circle on the bottle does not have the flower on it . I have thrown the box away but I would like a refund . This purfume definately does not meet the standards of the one I tried at Nordstrom.Thank-you , Shelly Olson
 I have previously purchased my Flowerbomb at Nordstrom . It smelled wonderful and I always received lots of compliments when I wore it . This new bottle that I purchased through Amazon does n't smell the same . It smells like it sat around too long and got old . I probably should n't have tried to save money on this product . I still spent $ 100.00 . Oh well , live and learn .
 Had concerns of this being authenic product after reading reviews of fragrances purchased by others and open to check since it would a Christmas gift . This product was not in the same type bottle and smells different from what is in retail stores . Very disappointed with how this has been handled .
 When the item arrived , it was wrapped & sealed in cellophane , just as if I had purchased in store . Upon opening , there was a small 1.5 inch pamphlet notifying the purchaser there is a V&R club . If you go to their website and enter the number provided on the flap of the box -LRB- marked with arrows -RRB- , you can enter for specials , etc. . I opened the box , lifted the flap only to find the number had been &#34; surgically &#34; removed by finely cutting it out , not damaging the other side of the flap . In other words , very sneeky ! This has really bothered my and has caused me to questions what else has been &#34; modified &#34; with the perfume itself . This product was sold through Amazon directly which leads me to believe &#34; they &#34; are the ones who unwrapped the original box , removed the numbers and they very discretely re-wrapped the cellophane . I now question the quality of the perfume , has it been tampered with also ??? Trust me , I will NEVER again purchase this $ 130 perfume from Amazon , only from a reputable department store , In the long run , not worth the cost difference if I will be wondering if I truly purchased Flowerbomb , in it 's original state . This is a fragrance I love , wear it EVERY day . So long Amazon , and SHAME ON YOU !!!
 I got a sample of this perfume thru the mail and I loved it . Oh , it smelled so lovely and had the most beautiful notes in it ... So I bought it . I really felt that it 's a little more than I usually pay for perfume , but it was nice stuff !! WRONG ! I 'm so sorry to have to say that this perfume completely disappears from my skin in 10 minutes . I mean , there 's not a trace of the scent ! I 'm quite confounded actually . I ca n't believe that I spent $ 80 for a bottle of perfume that I literally have to carry around with me and spray it every 1/2 hour or so . : -LRB- I 'm so sad ... I now know why Viktor and Rolf only have this one perfume to offer . It 's a good scent but come on guys , it needs some tweaking .
 It 's just a matter of personal preference but this perfume is too sweet for me . I 'll go back to my Chanel No , 5 .
 I did not receive the item I ordered , according to the picture . I received a plastic tube of the skin lotion , which is supposed to smell like flowers -LRB- hence Fleur -RRB- and instead smells like plastic -LRB- from the off-gassing -RRB- . Very expensive for a very disappointing item . I wanted the stand up bottle -LRB- pictured -RRB- , instead got a tube that stinks ! Does n't bode well for my face , which contains my very sensitive nose .
 This dryer is robust and quite an attractive design BUT I was alarmed to see a warning on the cable that read
 Not worth the money , if you like old spice and spending alot of money then buy this.Smells like cheap cheap stuff , not happy with product , expected alot more from burberry .
 With all the `` hot rubber '' this and `` fire in a tyre factory '' the other , I was expecting Keanu Reeves to roll up in his biker gear . Instead , it was more like a schoolgirl with a My Little Pony eraser . This is more vanilla than a white suburban family watching re-runs of Valerie.Men wear this ? Sure , why not !
 Thats what it claims and it 's true . It smells like you just got off of a motorcycle . I suppose that 's sexy for men , and maybe some women , too . I prefer something more feminine . I LOVE the other Bvlgari women 's scents .
 I WAS THINKING ITS GON NA LAST FEW HOURS AS SOME REVIEWS SAID , BUT THATS NOT TRUE , I GOES AWAY AFTER NOT MORE THAN 2 HOURS . EVEN-THOUGH I SPRAYED 6 TIMES THIS MORNING , ITS SMELLING GOOD BUT DONT LAST
 Contrary to what is written `` for men and women '' I am sure this not advisable for women . Not my perfume type , I just get hooked with the looks of the bottle and its packaging , but doesnt smell really nice . I dont know with men .
 The fragrance does n't last after half an hour !!!! U need a waste one like this ? think !!!!! I spent 31.55 for this . A total waste .
 It 's heaven on spice and price , and powdery as well . Not sure if this counts as a cologne or a fragrant hockey puck-obviously Bulgari 's designers did n't work to hard on this one . Are they going to make a baseball cologne next ?
 Do n't waste your time or money on this poorly made manicure/pedicure machine . The instructions that come with it appear to be poorly translated from Chinese . The company selling the item is shady at best . Do n't buy .
 I did n't have this a month and it stopped working . Loose connection it starts and stops constantly .
 I Loved the price , but remember the old saying `` if it 's too good to be true , it probably is '' . When you spray the colonge you can tell right away it 's watered down , after 10 mins of applying fragrance the scent disappears.People save your money and buy it from a department store . I was going to buy another colonge from these guys but I 'm glad I waited and will never purchase another perfume/colonge from here again !!
 I bought this scent thinking that since I like Sung I would like HEI . Unfortunately I really do n't like it at all . But it was worth a try !
 I have worn this cologne for over a year , and this product is not only fake , but i want my money back . You could n't smell it after about 30min and I was soooooo pissed ! UNREAL !!!
 I * finally * laid my hands on a sample vial of SMS after resisting a blind buy for the last few months . Boy am I glad I resisted . This floral is definitely not for me.On me , the opening is very synthetic . At first , the aldehydes reek havoc , then the jasmine gets cloying . A fruit-floral-woods progression is absent . I faintly smell a powdery wonderfulness and occasionally get visions of dancing daffodils , but it 's not enough for me to give SMS another chance , even if it smells great on paper.I just do n't have the chemistry required for Sophia Grojsman 's blends -LRB- the perfume 's designer -RRB- . If you 're like that too , you might just save yourself some trouble and cross SMS off your test list .
 I oredered this product strictly based on the review 's on Amazon.com , like most other things I buy . It was okay , but I was not impressed . I personally think that it smells a little cheap , but keep in mind that the last perfume I tried was ` Micheal Kors . ' ` Micheal Kors ' lasted for a really long time . I sprayed it on my sweatshirt and did n't wear it for a couple days , then when I went to wear it again it still smelled of the fragrance . When I sprayed on ` Pure , ' I could not even smell it a few hours later . ` Pure , ' has a floraly scent and somewhat reminds me of the old ` Exclaimation ' perfume .
 This fragrance was given to me as a gift , because the gifters could no longer find `` Pure Moment '' and -LRB- reasonably -RRB- thought that `` Pure '' would be similar . WEll . Nothing further from the truth . This `` fragrance '' smells like a cheap , cheap lab chemical . Pure Moment was subtle , floral and heavenly . I 've had MANY compliments from complete strangers over the years . I was devastated when they discontinued it and frankly puzzled as to why they keep going with this terrible terrible aldehyde product and no longer make Pure Moment . Perhaps it smells nice on some people , but I feel like a distillery whenever I try it . I wonder how many ppl who wear it receive compliments from strangers . I would be VERY surprised if this happens . This is a personal choice , of course . If you like how the thing smells on you , then by all means , buy it .
 I bought this product expecting it to be a new and refreshing scent that lasted -LRB- at least -RRB- through the morning/afternoon . I was , however , disappointed . Not only does this perfume smell like pure alcohol -LRB- ie . not an original scent , and in fact , no real scent at all -RRB- , but , even the pure alcohol smell -LRB- thankfully . . sorta -RRB- didnt last more than ten minutes . I would literally spray it on each day -LRB- hoping that maybe there would be scent that was just delayed in coming from the bottle somehow -RRB- and within five minutes , I would smell absolutely nothing -LRB- nothing good and nothing bad -RRB- . Now , maybe it was just the specific vendor that I bought this product from -LRB- as I noticed several different vendors of this product on Amazon -RRB- , but , this product is not worth it.There isnt even a lot of liquid in the bottle.Definitely not something to spend your hard-earned or even easy-earned money on !
 WHEN I PUT IT ON , IT DRIES AND FLECKS FLY INTO MY EYES AND IT HURTS VERY BAD ! I WOULD USE TARTE INSTEAD , THIS IS NOT AS INTENSE OF A COLOR AND IT FLECKS OFF .
 MY pot arrived all dried up . Some contents had even spilled down the outside of the pot and dried . It looks like it has been in this state for some time . I 'm unable to use it unfortunately . As I live so far away its not worth sending back . Very disappointed : -LRB-
 This smudge pot came extremely dry and pretty much unusable . I usually do n't write reviews - actually , this is my first Amazon review , but this product is so bad , it 's worth spending part of my day writing a review on it . I decided to splurge on some make up , and I was excited to receive it , but it turned out to be way worse than any drug store make up I 've ever used . I would never purchase this product/brand again . I 'd return it if it were n't such a pain in the butt to so . Instead , I just threw it away . I 'd give it zero starts , but that was not an option .
 This eyeliner started off great . Looked beautiful and was very easy to apply ... however , after only about a month or two it dried out . Now it is very difficult to apply . I actually bought this product in 3 different colors and all 3 did the same thing - dried out ! Now I 'm stuck with 3 pot eyeliners that are hard to apply because it 's so dry and does n't stick to my eyeliner brush . Overall , do NOT buy this product . Buy the Makeup Forever brand !
 I was so dissapointed with this smudge pot ! It was about five days after I bought the product that the whole pot dried out . At first it went on really smooth but after it dried out it turned into a chalky mess that flaked off so easily ! I tried to take out the dry eyeliner on top and get to a more smooth liner on the bottom but the whole thing was just a big mess . Even when it went on smooth after I first purchased it , I had to put matte black eyeshadow over the liner to make the shade darker . Do n't waste your money . Try MAC Fluid Line or Clinique Brush On Liner instead .
 I purchased two of these , one to give as a gift to my sister and both of us agree , this perfume does not last half an hour . I dont think it is the real thing . Too bad for me it has been d/c at stores and thought I scored when I found it on Amazon . Dont even care to use it anymore it just sits inmy perfume cabinet and everytime I see it gets me upset that it is not what I wanted .
 smells different and made in the usa . i threw away the box or i would return it . it 's definitely bootleg .
 Product does not seem as long lasting and as strong as same item purchesed in major department store
 I got this perfume and the top had broken during shipment and it leaked out a little . I did n't like the smell of it very much anyway . I 've worn it about a week and have n't touched it since . It smells cheap to me -LRB- it was cheap hah -RRB- it does n't make me go crazy to smell it more and more like perfumes I like . I think I will end up using this for a restroom deodorizer or something .
 This dryer was much larger than I expected . It is heavy and takes up a lot of room when packing . And , the `` twist '' handle is a bit of a challenge too . I would not recommend this product .
 I purchased 2 of these bottles for my husband . He opened the one and we discovered it is NOT origional . Now we paid over $ 50.00 and it states we ca n't return the items either . This is NOT origional . I would like a guarantee from Amazon stating this is origional and authentic . How frustrating .
 I have colored my hair for years , and tried a variety of products . Recently I decided to try Herbatint because I thought it would be better for my hair , as it makes natural claims . Three days and more than 5 washes later , it was still bleeding out onto my towels and my pillow cases at night - permanently staining them . The rinse water would run clear , but somehow it was still rubbing off onto everything . I had to go to a salon to have them use some kind of `` exfoliating '' shampoo to get rid of the problem . Worst of all , I contacted the company to offer them the opportunity to respond to my compaint , and heard nothing . Terrible product , terrible customer service .
 So , I tried Herbatint back in 2009 right before I was supposed to go to court . I used 4M , hoping for a nice reddish-brown color on my naturally dark brown hair . Well , I had eggplant purple hair ! It was really shiny , but also freakishly purple . Not wanting to totally write the product off , I tried it again a few months ago as I normally use Naturcolor and could not find 3N Burdock , my normal color . I tried 2N Brown in Herbatint and had Elvira black hair . Additionally , it dried out my ends something terrible . I really like the exrta shine that this product imparts on the hair , but the colors are soooo whacky . Check out Naturcolor as it is a much gentler product and the colors are more predictable .
 I tried this product for the first time thinking that it has natural ingredients boy was I wrong . After a few hours of coloring my hair I could n't stop itching my scalp . I was so uncomfortable and by the next day I rushed to my doctor 's office . My scalp swelled up and I got a allergic reaction . NEVER AGAIN !!
 Herbatint left my hair in very poor condition , with color that was blotchy and much darker than expected as a result . Also , the ingredients are anything but natural , according to what I 've read since purchasing this product . Read my complete review and comments about Herbatint at : myreallifereviews dot com
 According to the Cosmetics Database -LRB- easily accessible via Google -RRB- , a non profit organization that disseminates information about the toxicity of cosmetic products , Herbatint has a hazard/toxicity score of 7 out of 10 , just 1 point lower than Clairol 's 8 out of 10 . Although it 's sold at Whole Foods and cleverly packaged in a green box , it contains the following ingredients
 This product was not as advertised . Absolutely no return information was inclosed.I have made numerous attempts to contact the seller with no response .
 Clinique Stay Matte Sheer Pressed Powder Oil-Free Stay Neutral 02 llego en mal estado la compra de los dosmariela perez
 I order 2 # 02 Stay Neutral and it came one number # 3 and one # 2 and now i 'm stuck with it , this is the only reason i 'm givin it a single star rate .
 Clinique Stay Matte Sheer Pressed Powder Oil-Free Stay Neutral 02 llego en mal estado la compra de los dosmariela perez
 I order 2 # 02 Stay Neutral and it came one number # 3 and one # 2 and now i 'm stuck with it , this is the only reason i 'm givin it a single star rate .
 My wife tells me its not the same fragrance , and it does smell slightly different . Then noticed the bottle had different shading of color from the previous bottles , all of which were bought in France on trips there , or brought back by friends/relatives who had visited . Recently recieved a bottle from France from a friend and it is like the previous bottles , not like this one . A ripoff !
 I just received this item that I ordered last week . After pulling it out of the box I found the surface of the `` mirror '' to be all scratched up ... even had it not been scratched you could n't get a clear reflection . It was more like looking in to a cheap silver paper plate . To top it off , the company expects me to return it at my expense and refund me only for the purchase price of the product . I will have paid as much in shipping and handling as it cost to buy the `` mirror '' . Extremely disappointed in the product and even more so with the poor level of customer service/quality control of the company . I ca n't believe Amazon.com has partnered with such a sad company .
 This is not my favorite Biotherm facial moisturizer . I live in a humid climate with very hot summers and find that this product - although it is a `` gel '' which to me suggests something cooling and refreshing - feels actually pretty sticky on my face when applying it.Once the gel is absorbed , the drier areas feel as if I put absolutely nothing on . More than once did I have to put on a second moisturizer over the Aquasource because my skin felt taut and uncomfortable . This is probably much more of a product for people in their 20s who still have issues with breakouts . But for my skin type with rather dry cheeks , this is simply not the right moisturizer .
 I purchased one of these in March and it broke one month later . There is a mechanism for the switch that must lose connection , as the dryer stopped giving out heat . The beauty salon where I bought it replaced it with another NanoIonic dryer , to which the same thing happened fewer than two months later .
 I 've got this Bio Ionic hair dryer as a Christmas gift , because I used a friend 's one and I loved ! At the first time I used , my hair seemed to be softer and because of its expensive price and for being used at good hair salons , I thought it was an excellent hair dryer . My mistake!I have pretty strong straight and highlighted hair . I 've been highlighting my hair for 10 years and use expensive products on my hair . I have to wash it every day because it 's oily on my roots and because of the cold weather up here where I live -LRB- NY -RRB- , I ca n't get out of home without blowdrying it . My hair is really pretty because I do take a very good care of it and I have a lot of hair , but after having this blow dryer , I had the worst hair of my life . Dry , full of split ends , weak , breaking and falling apart everywhere and it would never grow long because it would break pretty fast . I went crazy because I did n't understand why that was happening ! I thought it could be something I was eating , I thought the products that I used in my hair has changed its formula . I was literally going nuts , trying to find a solution for it.I bought every expensive product in order to reconstruct my hair and it was not working -LRB- the brazilian nanokeratin machine used in hair salons - it is a GREAT machine , it would leave my hair super soft for the first two days , but it would start to get dry again - and I did n't know why ! -RRB- . I knew something had to be wrong . One day I finally realized that the problem that was causing sooooo much damage in my hair was this Bio Ionic blowdryer !!! I felt stupid I did n't find that out first.Why does it make your hair damaged ? Because it warms up a lot more than the regular blow dryers . The wind is really weak , but it is a lot hotter than regular hair dryers and that 's what fries up your hair!Hair stylists use in the saloon because it is dries women 's hair FASTER . So if you go once a week , once every two weeks or once a month to the hair salon , it seems to be okay.But TO USE EVERYDAY AT HOME IT 'S THE WORST IDEA EVER ! You hair WILL FRY , will get super dry , will break , will never grow longer and will get weak!I have a brazilian one called taiff - I use the weakest warm temperature to blow dry my hair -LRB- just a little warm -RRB- , but the wind is so powerful that it dries my hair pretty fast -LRB- not as fast as the bio ionic , honestly -RRB- , but I want my hair to be healthy!After 5 months without using the Bio Ionic and using only my brazilian hair dryer everyday ... what a difference !!! My hair is growing longer and it 's not breaking or super dry anymore . And the nanokeratin treatment is finally working and my hair is almost 100 % as healthy as it used to be!Customers , be smart . Let the hair stylists use it in their hair salon -LRB- but not in my hair never again ! -RRB- . At home for everyday use , buy another one for half of the cost ! Your hair will be thankful !
 This had one speed and temp - HOT and FAST . You had no time to style and it felt like it was really damaging your hair . Was not pleased at all .
 New Bio Ionic Idry Whisper Light Conditioning Hair Dryer 1400wI paid $ 110 for this blow dryer in Feb 2007 . It lasted just over 3 years and died in Jun 2010 . I 've had cheaper blowdryers outlast this one.It 's a good blowdryer , but not worth $ 110 + . Buy yourself a cheaper ionic hairdryer and then you wo n't feel bad if it does n't last .
 I 'm not buying a product that does n't list all ingredients . Where can I get a list of your ingredients in this product ?
 I purchased this along with Bhrigraj oil in an attempt to aid hair re-growth . I 've used it about 2 weeks and I tolerate it well . The tablets are green and uncoated so they start dissolving immediately in my mouth . I am hoping that Ayurveda does for my AGA what so far , nothing else has . I 've increased my dose to twice daily and will update again in 60 days . ** Updated February 1 , 2013I 'm still using this . I ca n't tell if its helping or hurting . I still have thinning but only on one side , on the other ... shedding is still occuring . I 'm unsure if ill purchase again . I 've reduce my dose back to once dose . I 'm just not sure that its this product that is helping at least some sections of my hair . I 've taken this for four months and will continue my last 20 days and then decide .
 i purchased this product thinking it was the same as the one i was almost running out of . i already had a 3.3 onz bottle wich was purchased many years ago . i just used this yesterday and i found that this is a verry watered down version of my original product . this is not the same i paid 66 bucs for alchohol this sucks . and i thruw the box away so i cant return this . whats wores is i rely love this colone and dont even know if they still make the original . i even gone as far as putting on a lot to see if maybe i will smell the same but it dosent . with the original a small cople of sprays would last all day . i not shure if the seller bears any fault in this or if its just the makers falt but i feel misled
 I bought this curling iron impulsively , as I perused through the `` gold box '' items some time ago . When I first received the it , I was amazed at how well it worked ; it heated up quickly , and did a wonderful job on my hair . After a couple months , I turned it on , left the room for a minute , and came back to find the tip melted off , hanging from a strand of what little plastic was still attached . I thought about returning it , but decided -LRB- rather stupidly , in retrospect -RRB- to continue to use it ... BIG MISTAKE . It heated up way beyond what it should have , even when I put it at a `` low '' setting of 5 . When I attempted to use it , the sizzling sound indicated to me that I had , indeed , made a mistake . The next day , coworkers were commenting on my lovely new SHORT haircut . If you 're really interested in purchasing this item , please learn from my mistake , and if the tip melts off , take that as a sign that it will also melt your hair .
 Recently i 've been looking to buy a cheap curling iron . i came across this one and thought vidal sassoon was a brand that 's been around for a while . well . after `` curling '' my hair it just looked like i poorly straightend it . seriously . i am taking this back immediatly . do n't waist your money or your time on this . maybe if you have thinner hair it would work . i dont know .
 I used this product only twice and it broke . The on button fell through on second use . Tried returning it to the store within 10 days of purchase and they would n't take it back . Save your money , buy another brand instead .
 I returned this item the other day . I have very long , straight hair . I needed a large barrel for the curl but this item did not work properly . At the hairdresser usually a 2 '' barrel is used . This particular product had settings however even the lowest setting cringed my hair , and I could not achieve an even curl . I really was disappointed with it .
 Only the box looks nice . The nailclipper is of very poor quality - you have to squeeze hard and yet it did not cut the thumb fingernail - my wife ended up using the scissors which also was not an easy task . It is extremely difficult to pull the tools out of the box - and worse - since two of the tools are pointing upwards you can really cut yourself -LRB- my wife cut and bled her finger while pushing the file back down in the box -RRB- . The only thing that seems to work is the file.Do not buy this product .
 I 've used this in the past with great results so I 've ordered the 750 ml from NewvoBeauty for 6.59 $ . It seamed kinda cheep but maybe it was on sale I said . It came fast but
 It is a waste of money . We used a lot of elbow grease and it took a tremendous amount of work to apply right and the result was not clear nor did the water run off .
 The seller charges $ 8.95 for shipping a 5 ML bottle of cologne . The actual total on the shipping package was only $ 2.22 . That is a great discrepancy . For this reason I will not recommend this seller nor will I purchase from them in the future .
 This scent from Gucci is very crisp and clean with a slight citrus overtone . It has been a favorite of mine for a long time . Great for summertime.A couple of major gripes here though . The bottle I recieved was very , very tiny - not at all like the photo above . I should have known better , and did n't pay attention to the words that said 5ML . 5 ML is a small amount . The bottle is smaller than my thumb ! Also , shipping was much slower than normal Amazon standards .
 I have good skin for a 50 + woman . I used to have a European give me regular facials and microderm abrasion treatments . The one product that she used that I purchased and was never without was this . It calms the skin . I used it right after washing my face or coming out of the shower . It smells wonderful , but more importantly is a great protector . It is good on my skin -LRB- which is quite sensitive -RRB- under other products and I think it cleared up rosacea.The bad news is , the company I ordered it from via Amazon sent a completely different product . It was a hassle to package it back up and send it back and I have yet to receive the -LRB- rather pricey -RRB- Rose D'Orient that I ordered . I guess I do n't trust ordering things that do n't come directly from Amazon any more .
 made my hair greasy and oily looking ... I am not really sure what this is supposed to do but I have learned that when it comes to my hair a little extra money is well spent on product
 wrong product , the one i ordered never got it , they sent me the wrong product , i sent an e-mail staying the wrong item was received TWICE , i ordered 3 bottles the first time , they sent me the wrong product , the second time i orderer 4 bnottles again and one more time i got the wrong item , i did not authorize to exchange my product for a similar , so i decided not to buy anymore from your site , i sent an e-mail to arrange the return of the wrong product and exchange for the correct one , NOBODY ever responded to me . There are PLENTY sites that i can buy products from ...
 I listened to the high hype here , and thought wow I will get this item over the cheaper buffers . I do get pedicures , but for those periods of missed appointments , I thought I would do my own maintenance . The item is expensive , but its suppose to be good so I purchased the extra strength # 11 and when I got it it reads medium # 11 . I emailed the seller and asked about why there is this discrepancy and was told the # 20 is the tougher but when I read the reviews on that one the feedback scores are low , I really did my research for the first time and veered away from that one to listen to the raves here . But sorry , No , not all that , too much money , and its not living up . Stuck with it , and now when I listen to the reviews here which I tend to do , this is impacting on the credibibity . So I lend my voice to those potential buyers to rethink this .
 There are ingredients in this lotion that have some kind of scent so it is not fragrance free - it was very aggravating - I had to hop in the shower and wash it off immediately . If you have sensitive skin , I doubt this is a good choice for you .
 I give this cologne two stars only for the simple fact this it IS a fragrance , and that it will last a LONG time . Coincidentally , these two factors are the reasons that I spent the better portion of my day with a headache and minor case of nausea . I purchased this item because I was looking for something more manly than Agua Di Geo and the like ... English Leather has a ton of praise on here so I thought that I would give it a shot . Needless to say , I was not pleased in the least . This substance reminds me of no form of leather I have ever smelled in my life . It is so potent and sickening that I am suprised no one has dropped dead from its stench . I 've noticed here recently that the majority of people who review products on here are fanatics who are hopelessly devoted to them , so I thought that I would give my two cents to bring their heavenly praises back to earth ... there is hardly anything satisfying about this cheap scent . You get what you pay for .
 My sister recently spilled a bottle of this stuff that belonged to my dad . Now our house smells like a cheap hotel room . Wonderful .
 I was disappointed when I opened this cologne . I have used English Leather cologne for many years but found this item to be washed down and diluted . I had some remaining cologne and compared the two . The new item did NOT smell the same nor did it have the same reults when applying to my face . The older English Leather smelled a lot stronger and had a slight burn when applying ; however , the new English Leather did NOT have the same smell and it did not have the same sensation on my face . I think the company is now diluting their product or not making it the same as they once did . Poor diluted product and I will not purchase this anymore .
 English Leather By Dana For Men . Cologne 8 OuncesIF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR ENGLISH LEATHER SCENT OF OLD THIS AI N'T IT . IT IS SAD TO USE THE ENGLISH LEATHER NAME ON THIS PRODUCT . BUY SOMETHING , ANYTHING , AS CHEAP AS POSSIBLE RATHER THAN THIS .
 The product arrived early and looked ok , but when I looked at it closely , I saw it was a cologne Splash . If it contains cologne at all , it is very thin . The English leather after shave I purchased prior to this is much stronger . I will keep this product , but I would not purchase it again
 SAVE YOUR MONEY ... . I read the bad reviews with people saying that it is not the same as The Original and also read the reviews that said that it is the same . I decided to follow the reviews that said it was the same because there were more of them and wasted $ 16.00 . . MISTAKE !!!!! I do n't know which English Leather these 5 star raters used before , but it was not the real stuff . This stuff is terrible . It does n't even come close to the English Leather that I still have left -LRB- an Old bottle Dana has some nerve to continue to use the name English Leather on this watered down junk . The only good thing I can say for this is that after about 5 minutes the odor goes away.If you are looking for the English Leather from the 60 's find another product ... It does n't exist anymore .
 I ordered 2 ENGLISH leather COLOGNES . I received 2 English Leather After Shaves which I did not want . Now I have to pay for the postage to return them . I re-ordered and received the correct product but Iended up paying for postage 2 times to receive one product . I will think a long time before ordering again .
 This is prime example of why you should not buy online . This sewer water does not come close to the original English Leather ! Do n't Buy It !
 I am so disappointed . This is not the English Leather I remember ... bears no resemblance . Fortunately , the soap still smells like the old formula and is still available , but the scent does n't last for more than a minute . That 's why I bought the cologne but had to wash it off because it smells so obnoxious . What a shame . Guess I 'll have to look for old bottles online , if they 're even around . Why did they change a good thing ? Do n't waste your money .
 A sort of meek scent with strong undertones of an a funereal home . Not a great buy especially at the price .
 I used this years ago and thought I 'd go back to it . Whew , it is just very strong . Gives me a headache . I do n't remember it being this powerful .
 I have always liked wearing a musk scent . I purchased this product expecting it to be good to very good . Unfortunately , it was not as expected . I gave it several trys
 Product looked right but contained no scent . . just water ... bad deal ... do not buy !! I bought a bottle of Alyssa Ashley Musk 3.4 oz . EAU de Toilette Natural spray but the bottle was just filled with water . . I 'll never order from Amazon.com again
 I ordered Alyssa Ashley as a christmas gift . I was disappointed there was hardly any scent . We kept spraying it and it never got any stronger !! The friend that I ordered it for was so excited she had not been able to find it in stores for some time . I will not be ordering it again .
 I received a different product . this was not my order.I bought
 If my ridged chipping peeling problem is due to dryness this did not help but did smooth out my cuticles and certainly smells good . So guess I would say it did not perform as promised .
 Not worth the money , does absolutely nothing to better your nails . Does not do as stated . Would n't purchase this product again !
 The sponges I received are standard triangular shaped wedges , not rounded , half-heart shaped ones as pictured here . There 's nothing wrong with them , but these are not what I wanted .
 I ordered this for my wife for Christmas based on the good reviews . She was so excited until she sprayed it on her wrist only to find it had turned and smelled awful . I am trying to return the item but the seller is giving me the run around . Product and customer service terrible . Buy this product with caution !
 ... to find out that the perfume I bought for Mom for Christmas was OLD.She is in the hospital and will be receiving hospice care , I finally found this perfume -LRB- her favorite -RRB- here and had it shipped . While visiting for an early Mother 's Day surprise , found the perfume.It 's old ! It 's yellowed , and even smells old , not like the original . She did n't have the heart to tell me as she knew I 'd looked for it for so long.So sad .
 I agree that Burts Bees products really do work and that it is good stuff , however it is a rip offI am a beekeeper my self and I make all of my own things just like Burts Bees , lip balm etc. . It costs me 40 cents in materials and 1 dollar in time to make each one , and that is by hand , Why then should a company that mass produces the stuff sell it for four dollars or more , and only 97.99 % natural , mine is 100 % and cost $ 2.50 less each hand madeI say to you find a fellow neghbor beekeeper and buy some from them
 I was a little disappointed with the sizes of the product . I did not know it was a trial size . I thought the products were full size .
 I 'm sorry to say , but the Cover Your Gray stick in Light Brown/Blonde did not work for me . The color of the stick looks OK . But on your hair , it is too yellow . I have light brownish hair , and when I used this stick on my roots , the yellow color stuck out like a sore thumb . I do n't even think a light blonde could have used it . I 've never seen anyone with hair the color of this stick . I 'll have to go back to the Medium Brown , which has always been a little dark for me , but does the job . These sticks work great , when you can get the right color . This company certainly needs to come out with more color choices .
 I was hoping this product was more liquid . It is more like trying to use a crayon to cover the gray and was not very effective for me .
 You 're better off using your own mascara . It works as good maybe better ! Whenever I need a touch up I just use my own mascara and it works perfect !
 Product I purchased in no wat shape or form covered any gray . Actually when I used on the side oo my head where the grey comes in , the color actually looked fake and almost orrange
 I DO like the liquid touch tip applicator in med brown , but not this one.Its not easy to go on and its the wrong color for me - great lipstick color though !
 The kit is described as containing a banana wax hand cream , but that product was replaced with an almond cream which is clearly inferior . Amazon will not replace the product , as they claim this `` is not their error , but the vendor which supplies them . Again , buyer beware .
 The kit was smaller than I expected . Everything seemed just a touch bigger than the `` free gift '' deals you used to get with cosmetic purchases in some department stores.The gloves were poorly constructed -LRB- it looks like the person who sewed it could n't hold the seams straight on the sewing machine -RRB- , and I did NOT like the smell of anything except for the almond cream . The hand repair cream , in particular , had a sharply medicinal and astringent smell that I did not find at all pleasant . I ended up throwing away everything except the almond cream and the gloves.I LOVED the almond cream . This almost redeemed the entire package for me . It 's very thick , but not greasy , and has a light and pleasant almond smell to it.Honestly , the kit might have been a decent-to-good purchase for about half the price since it did let me sample a bunch of products I 've been curious about , but at it 's current price , I did n't think it was worth the purchase . Looking back , I wish I 'd just bought some well-constructed spa gloves and a bucket of that almond cream .
 The picture shown is for the `` Enriched '' Mysore soap and what you receive is the `` Premium '' soap . The `` Premium '' version has a strong lye smell . I have used the Mysore soaps for years and am almost out . I was delighted to find it on Amazon , but was seriously disappointed when I received it . The odor is strong and disagreeable , not at all like the soap I have loved . I have written back to Amazon asking they pay the shipping back since I shopped carefully and they did not send what I ordered . I would love to get the `` Enriched '' version if I can find it as it is fantastic .
 The clipper cuts quickly and my morkie did n't complain too much , however , I found that he was left with REALLY sharp nails - so sharp that he drew blood when he jumped up on my 6 yr old and drew blood . I had to go and file his nails down after that - not a pleasant task. , for me or the dog.Also , it has a nail guard , supposedly to prevent overclipping , but you ca n't see it when you ; re cutting , so you 're still guestimating . I should have saved my money and dug out my dremel .
 The color is way too light to show up on my eye lids and I 'm fair complected . The product itself is good since I did use the other color I ordered .
 The description says that this does not need sharpening , it does . This is not the twist eyeliner , it is a pencil . I used to order one that was a twist up but they no longer offer it . So instead I ordered this one and it is not the same thing
 I bought this item with the Queen Helene Mango Shea body butter and Queen Helene Mango Shea lotion and was not pleased with the smell . If you 're looking for the kind of ` real mango smell ' that the outphased item ` Tree Hut Mango body butter '' had -LRB- which I loved and know that it really smelled like ripe mango -RRB- then forget about this product . Any of the three mentioned above either smells like funeral flowers or old saliva . I only bought them because I love the Queen Helene Cocoa Buttercreme and the price/quality is good .
 I bought this one because I was fooled by the &#34; classic &#34; written on the bottle and the &#34; made in Germany &#34; . If you are used to the wonderful smell of Badedas , you 'll find this formula much messed with ! The maker is now &#34; Unilever &#34; . I have a bottle I bought in the UK -LRB- also made in the UK -RRB- which smells like the true &#34; classic &#34; one , but it does n't advertise it on the bottle . I compared the two formulas and they are different . This one smells different , as if it were made with cheaper ingredients . That characteristic strong pine-horse chestnut smell is gone . Even the colour has been messed with . It dilutes into a cheap , artificial , almost urinous yellowish-green that makes you want to run away from the bathtub .
 I purchased Badedas because I have loved Vitabath for many years and was assured that Badedas was virtually identical . As it costs signifcantly less , and there have been complaints about the quality of recent purchases of Vitabath , I thought it was worth a try . While both are thick green bath gels , the smell is very different . Vitabath has a light , clean , refreshing scent while Badedas has strong musky undertones that I can only describe as smelling like a combination of stale sweat and cheap perfume . I do realize what smells good or bad can be highly subjective , and many truly seem to like the scent of Badedas but it definitely does NOT smell like Vitabath and if you purchase it as a substitute you will most likely be disappointed . I find the smell unpleasant enough to render my purchase useless . -LRB- My husband concurs , so it 's not just me ! -RRB-
 It smells way to much like intense chemicals and its green ... witch is kind of weird but the smells is intense and its not very soothing or relaxing ... not sure why it has alot of good reviews but it stinks ! I was itching alot afterward and smelled like it.going with an organic choice instead !
 este perfume no huele a nada ! al momento de ponertelo viene un olor bonito , pero el olor desaparece en un minuto o menos , no vale la pena comprarlo , hay otros perfumes de Antonio Banderas que huelen bonito
 Love the brush but hate the rubber handle . My hair sticks to it and it gets wrapped around the handle . Very annoying when I am using it trying to blow dry my hair .
 Perhaps the ceramic plates make it less effective on curly hair , but coming from an extremely experienced hair styler -LRB- non-professional -RRB- using a professional blow dryer , this brush could not effectively blow out my hair . I had to go back to my metal plated brush . I am NOT a fan of CHI products after trying them . I usually use high end -LRB- professional grade -RRB- hair styling products . The flat iron left a lot to be desired and the products all have parabens in them and are not worth the money for the results . I 'll stick with Lanza leave-in products , my regular big round brush and a my Elchim hair dryer .
 I was absolutely shocked to see that this product is listed at more than double the normal cost , due to , according to the seller , ` premium pricing due to scarcity ' . This product is hardly scarce . It is stocked in every MAC store I 've ever been in , and I just bought several tubes of it over the holiday for $ 14 . Spend an extra minute to find this product elsewhere online , and do n't fall for this shameless con .
 `` premium price due to scarcity '' ????? This color is still in production by MAC , has not been discontinued and can easily be bought from MAC , the MACcosmetics internet site or dept. stores with a MAC counter for the regular $ 14 price.In fact this is one of their classic colors from the 90 's and I doubt they would ever discontinue it .
 As another has stated , I purchased this hoping to get a great bargain . I received it in perfect condition and everything looks just as it should . I sprayed myself before leaving to work and noticed that by the end of the day , I could not smell a thing on my shirt . All other cologne I have bought , including the smaller version of Curve which I bought at a department store , all persist all day long . The scent does not diminish until washing the garment . Now that I noticed , I tested and sprayed my shirt again and like stated in another review , it seems to last anywhere between 15min - 30min then the scent fades drastically . It 's almost as though someone filled 3/4 of the bottle with alcohol . I would either look to another source that has verified product . You have been warned !
 Smell is good but it fades away within 15 mins . would not recomend to buy this product .
 I think anyone into cologne or perfume has smelled this -LRB- assuming they have n't owned it -RRB- on at least a dozen others.Curve is the kind of scent you would expect to find littered around a college campus . Its a heavy synthetic smell , with a brutal starting point bubbling with artificial lavender and berry , and finishing to a warm but overbearing citrus and sandalwood base.Curve smells good if its applied extremely lightly , but this is never the case.The target audience would be young men ages 14-21 . I bought my first bottle -LRB- the four ounce -RRB- when I was a freshman in high school , and I have n't been able to finish even half of the bottle through the years.Prospective buyers should definitely give it a test run .
 While it shows a variety of colors in the picture , in reality it is all pinks/whites
 My hands and cuticles are very dry and this was not moisturizing enough for me . It did not help in the strength or growth of my nails .
 3 months after cologne was purchased spray nozzle stopped working . Contacted seller , Perfume Selection , and they were perfectly happy to not help as it had gone past their 30 day return policy . Looking at the bottle I can see that the mfctr made the tube too long and it has wedged itself into the bottom corner of bottle . The cap is permanently sealed so unable to follow sellers suggestion of removing it to dab cologne on . Did n't matter that it was purchased through Amazon .
 Although I loved the color -LRB- Maldives -RRB- for summer , the texture of the multiple was dry and cakey . It went on rough and was messy in the tube . I 'm sticking to powder blush from now on .
 I have used Nars for years and have been happy with many of their products , this however is not one of them . The texture of the stick is very very dry which made the product go on very unevenly . I would not purchase this product again -- surprised at the lack of quality .
 I had high expectations for this product but found it to be just another waste of money . The ads indicated it would given a glow and this is exactly what I was looking for in the product - it does n't live up to the hype . Would NOT recommend .
 I understand the need to put an irritant in the scent to make you notice the smell , but this product has gone too far !! If you have any kind of allergies at all , do n't get this !! It gave me a stuffed up nose and a sinus headache . My boyfriend , who was sitting across the room from me , instantly got a stuffed up nose an red eyes when I came in to watch TV . If you use this product and your little kids act out-of-sorts a lot , it could very well be a headache from this product !!
 I bought this product for my granddaughter who used it for two weeks before she had an allergic reaction . We stopped using the product for 2 weeks and tried it again . Same results . The doc said her reaction was probably due to the methylparaben and propylparaben in the product . We had used Circle Of Friends - Bonitas Banana Detangler before and she did n't have any reaction . So back to what worked !
 I expected a natural product . They have different fragrances.Instead this is a scented salt with chemicals.May be the company changed the original natural formula of the old days long time ago.No thanks .
 I understand that this bath salt used to be natural . -LRB- i can not be sure -RRB- This product smells nice and contains synthetic coloring which I do not need or want .
 I love Patchouli and I always get compliments on how it smells on me . This one made me a little sick to my stomach . It seems to be more alcohol based ... I do n't know ... Just one person 's opinion .
 Not at all happy with this purchase . I think it smells more like dirt or medicine than Patchouli . I highly recommend trying before buying .
 This smelled more like medicine you might have used for sore muscles ! Hated it as did my mother and daughter . I ca n't imagine that anyone who opened the bottle expecting perfume would have actually used this . I know I put the top back on and will donate it since there are reviewers who liked it .
 I normally like the smell of Patchouli ... but this smell I hated . YUCK ... do n't buy this perfume essence , you 'll hate the smell of Patchouli after that .
 This `` perfume '' smells like very strong pine scented cleaner . I contacted the seller for instructions for returning the product , which I followed , but I have not yet received a refund or credit .
 We bought this to use on our two year old . He has a double cow lick and we like his hair spiked . In our experience , this gel started off ok but well before the day is over it lost its hold . It also flaked throughout the day . The smell is not bad - it reminds me of salon smells . We used this gel for a few weeks before deciding on a replacement gelJohnny B. Mode Styling Gel Medium Hold 16oz . We found this new gel did hold well almost all day and rarely flakes .1 / 5 stars because it does n't work well enough for the price .
 This product has the same scent as the original , but it 's a demonstration tester . For the price it 's acceptable , but nowhere in the description is this fact mentioned . Also , this company charged the fed-ex rate for shipping and it took over three days to arrive .
 The bottle came in good packing , but when I opened it , the nozzle spray was missing ... totally useless . I had to return it and now I can not order the replacement as the price has shot up by 50 % ... too bad !
 Item -LRB- s -RRB- stay 's in great shape if you do n't wash it . Once you due , it loses much of it 's integrity and fades more than you 'd like .
 Product description states `` Pack of 6 '' . I received ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- item . I am returning for a refund of price plus shipping because Item received is not what was described or advertised .
 I have used Nars for years and have been happy with many of their products , this however is not one of them . The texture of the stick is very very dry which made the product go on very unevenly . I would not purchase this product again -- surprised at the lack of quality .
 I had high expectations for this product but found it to be just another waste of money . The ads indicated it would given a glow and this is exactly what I was looking for in the product - it does n't live up to the hype . Would NOT recommend .
 Although I loved the color -LRB- Maldives -RRB- for summer , the texture of the multiple was dry and cakey . It went on rough and was messy in the tube . I 'm sticking to powder blush from now on .
 I had high expectations for this product but found it to be just another waste of money . The ads indicated it would given a glow and this is exactly what I was looking for in the product - it does n't live up to the hype . Would NOT recommend .
 I have used Nars for years and have been happy with many of their products , this however is not one of them . The texture of the stick is very very dry which made the product go on very unevenly . I would not purchase this product again -- surprised at the lack of quality .
 Although I loved the color -LRB- Maldives -RRB- for summer , the texture of the multiple was dry and cakey . It went on rough and was messy in the tube . I 'm sticking to powder blush from now on .
 smell is not good , i will not buy amymore!it was just a cheap loud alcoho odor.very unsatisatfied !! not for mel
 I received a refund on my bank statement , but I never got an explanation as to why . I never received the product . Which made me pretty sad . I love this fregrance , but I guess this company is not how I 'm going to get a refill .
 `` MMMM , tastes good ! '' That 's exactly what my 7 year old daughter said the first time I put this on her fingers , and had her stick one in her mouth . For us , this had been a complete failure of a product . Maybe I will just have to use Tobasco sauce .
 the product does not have the bad taste it says it does . once applied all it is , is a shiny clear coat on your nails . bite them , there is a hint of a weird taste , but a true nail biter will ignore it . buy something stronger
 This was puchased for my 4 year old it did not work at all . In fact she liked the taste making a whole new problem . After talking to a few people I got similar stories this product is a joke now I am one off the many people with nothing good to say.there should be a 0 star spot in ? # 1only gave 1 star to complete review
 Save yourself the trouble and do n't bother purchasing this , I was looking for help with my nail-biting habit , bought this item , used it , but it does n't taste that bad and it 's just like clear nail polish , the smell and everything .
 I bought this today after finally getting fed up with biting my nails -LRB- I 'm seventeen , and have bit them for as long as I can remember -RRB- and found that it does n't stop me from biting at all . It 's too mild . In fact , I enjoy the taste , and find myself even more drawn to biting them . I 'm very disappointed , and would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 Does not have bitterness required to deter biting even when applied thickly . Recommend spending more for something that works . I believe the reviewer who wrote this product would not even work on a baby .
 I 'm a firm believer of not subjecting my son to anything I wont try myself , so we did a test together ... applied as directed to all of his nails , and one of mine . After it dried I tried to taste it and could n't taste `` bitter '' , or any taste at all . And , my son was chewing within 20 min like no difference . I wasted my money ... awesome
 I am really not that impressed with this shampoo . My hair is a natural platinum and this shampoo does not removethe chlorine from my hair after swimming . And I have a filter on my bathtub shower head . Sorry .
 this is a very bad business . SCAM !!!! I like the tcb lite when searching for what i thought i was getting them ended getting something toatally different for too much money but it was ok because I thought i was getting what i wanted . I put in for tcb lite hair and scalp conditioner ended getting tcb hair and scalp condidtinoer same color jar that is how you all fool people ... then when you get the product you find out that it is the wrong one and when you go to send it back you get charged with a 15 percent restocking fee , REALLY !! i can buy this one in the store for 4.99 a bottle why would l pay 8 almost 9 dollars for that ... the lite is the one that is so hard to find and that is the one i wanted and was willing to pay that price now i am stuck with the product that I do not want . GOOD JOB ... but you can best believe I will NEVER AND I MEAN NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SIGHT AMAZON OR BEAUTY OR BEAUTY ONLINE EVER AGAIN AND I WILL BE SPREADING THE WORD ... PISSED OFF CUSTOMER !!
 I have the set wich for the money i believe is kind ok but i will never buy this again you spray on and no even last one our i used this cologne years ago and was better quality than this one just dont buy it doesnt worth it .
 The smell of this perfume is really good . But the problem if even if spray it around 10-15 times , nobody can smell it . What kind of perfume is it , after u spray nobody can even smell it . Really bad . Feel like 35 bucks have been wasted .
 I wrote a review for another product , eye shadow and gave it one star . The review has been changed to 3 stars by someone . Why ask for a review if you -LRB- Amazon -RRB- change it ? For what it 's worth - I ordered 10 of L'Oreal eye pencil and received 1 . I paid an exorbitant postage and handling fee for one -LRB- 1 -RRB- pencil . Where are the other nine -LRB- 9 -RRB- pencils?Does anybody read these things ?
 It feels as if it 's expired . It does n't go on smoothly at all , and it requires a special sharpener . Overpriced
 I have been buying Benetton products now for some time and decided to do it online . the previous ones were great my wife loves them especially the ones for me . Even bought a few past fragrances for friends . But , this Tribu crap smells awful . I see the woody smell but not COFFIN WOOD . It smells as if it was mixed with corpse oil . My wife smelt it and threw it in the trash.Cathy J. Robbins review is crap the fragrance has been about 19 years and his daughter wore it for over 20 . If I could I would take a refund.I would never recommend anyone buy this from amazon ... My first amazon disappointment : -LRB-
 My order was shipped to the wrong address I contact the seller several times to try and fix the problem and they were rude and refused to do anything to help address or fix the problem . I am now in the process of filing a claim with amazon to hopefully get the money back as it was a birthday present and get the perfume from another seller . I recommend buying from anyone else !
 They Never sent me my order and are tring to keep my money . Its been one month now and no product and no refund . save the headace DO NOT ORDER FROM INTERNATIONAL WIG
 The Straightener does not do what it surpose to do , straighten ! Not enough heat ! : - -LRB-
 I have a short hair style that can not be pulled back when needed - such as on a week long camping trip I recently took . I thought I would get this little guy for quick straightening in the morning -LRB- I have thin hair that is easily straightened with a normal electric straightener -RRB- ... however it took about 10 minutes to heat up , and by `` heat up '' I mean get warm . It barely did anything when I did manage to get it turned on . Half the time when attempting to turn the thing on , it would turn on , then the flame would go out with no warning . I was alarmed of this by the smell of the butane filling the tent . I doubt there is enough butane in there to do any damage , but who knows . Not even sure how I can properly dispose of this with the gas . I would avoid getting this straightener - even if you are desperate !
 This product was NOT worth getting . I wanted something for touch ups , but when starting the butane heater , I waited 5 mins and it was n't even hot to the touch . I could leave my fingers on the iron for days and it would n't bother me ! If you want something for touch ups for travel , camping etc I recommend looking into the hot tools cordless iron , it heats up much better .
 I bought this straightener for an overseas trip -LRB- to a country where electricity is unreliable -RRB- . In theory , it is a great concept
 I bought this recently because the idea of a cordless straightening iron appealed to me . -LRB- I thought it would be great for camping -RRB- . But I did n't like this unit at all . It comes with a butane cartridge that has to be screwed onto the back of the unit . The ignition button has to be pressed again and again until it finally starts up the unit . There is no indication when the unit is ready to use , so I waited and waited , but it never got warm enough to straighten out anything . My hair is slightly wavy , but very fine , so it does n't take much to straighten it , but this thing did n't make any difference whatsoever . I could barely feel any heat on my hair at all . And , I also have to add that it smelled like butane , which I really did n't like . This useless little device is definitely going back ...
 This straightener barely gets warm . Not even hot to the touch . Definitely will not straighten hair - do n't waste your money .
 The 1 star I give this product is for the nice travel case it comes on ! Looks good on paper , does n't work in real life ! This was a real waste of money I am sorry to say . I read the reviews and people like it so I thought great I 'll order it ! Well it never worked ! You have to keep pressing the button to get it to ignite . Well after an 1 hour -LRB- I not lying -RRB- it still would n't work . I did find a GREAT !! travel flat iron at Sally 's that is OUT OF THIS WORLD !!! Go there and buy that one ! You wo n't be disappointed !!!
 I have typical male pattern hair thinning and alopecia areata . I 'm always looking at different products to stimulate growth . I have been using this for nearly two months and have not noticed any volume benefits or signs of hair growth . While I continue to try JM products , I consistently am underwhelmed . This one is like wetting my hair down with fancy water ! Take a pass on this one .
 I have typical male pattern hair thinning and alopecia areata . I 'm always looking for new product that will stimilate new hair growth and loved the ingredient list and name of this . I have been using this for nearly two months and have not noticed any volume benefits or signs of hair growth . The bottle is small and 4 squirts per use will last about 3 weeks . While I continue to try JM products , I consistently am underwhelmed . This one is like wetting my hair down with fancy water!Take a pass on this one .
 You can get the same results by putting some tap water in a spraybottle . Worthless .
 I used to LOVE this Bill Blass fragrance that I used about 28 years ago . It has been difficult to find over the years . I have to admit that I was disappointed in the bottle I recieved last month . I do not know if it really is somewhat different or if my memory of it is not accurate , but it does smell different to me .
 In the bottle this smelled like a lighter version of Hugo Red . A perfume I loved but could not wear as it was too cloying for me . Tried this one out while I was shopping and for the first 10 min I was in love . As the day wore on the fragrance began to remind me of my childhood . Memories of sitting on the floor playing with with Play Doh . The smell of that non-toxic clay stayed with me until I showered that night .
 I can compliment the seller on the expeditious manner in which I received the product . However , after my girlfriend starting wearing the perfume , she noticed that it did n't have the same scent or last not anywhere longer did that of previous perfumes . This was my first time ordering such a product on-line , and I have to question the authenticiy of the product , or whether it was just watered down . At any rate , I had to go out and buy a newer brand at a local store .
 It arrived promptly . I have used this brand and color for several years . This lipstick has a bad taste and smell which others I have purchased last year do not - assuming maybe it is old / out of date . It also does not go on as smoothly as the others I have purchased in the same brand/color ... again , assuming it is old .
 This product comes cleverly marketed . Very Cute , my daughter loves it . But for $ 30.00 , get serious!The miniscule amount of product you actually receive really smells great , but in reality $ 30.00 for a couple tablespoons of scented powder ... not again.Just noticed , price was lowered to $ 11.19 from original price of $ 30.00 .
 I ordered this based on the ingredients listed on the Amazon page . These ingredients are for the OLD formulation . The new formulation -LRB- which * is * correctly pictured here -RRB- has the following ingredients
 THIS IS COMMENTARY ABOUT THE COMPANY `` PINUP LIP BALM '' ONLY!This company does NOT respond to voicemails . This company does NOT respond to emails . This company does NOT respond to repeated attempts to contact them in ANY WAY . I have even gone to Oceanside , CA looking for them and have found their address to be nothing more than a mail drop.However , their product is very good . I placed an order with them about three years ago through Amazon but it was a real effort to get my merchandise . It took nearly three months and repeated calls before I received my order . Because their product was outstanding , I recently placed an order with them but received no acknowlegement of my order and no response on any level . I have tried to contact them by any means for several weeks now . Fortunately my credit card company is backing me up on all this otherwise I would be out real money.Know this
 I ordered a raspberry lip balm from Pin up Balm about 6 weeks ago . I received a note from Amazon about three weeks ago , saying my order had never shipped , and followed up with an email to Pin Up Balm . I was assured that my lip balm was being shipped that day , but that I was going to be given a refund because of the delay . It is now 6 weeks since I ordered the product and I have neither received the lip balm , a refund , or any other response from the additional two emails I have sent to Pin Up Balm trying to sort things out.Don ' t order from this vendor unless you enjoy throwing your money away for nothing !
 I buy it but on the advertisement there is no indication that it was a tester , I should tell the customer if it is a tester , It make me made a mistake and I have to spend extra money to buy another one that was not a tester .
 I really did n't care for this perfume at all . The notes were extremely masculine to me , and frankly I did n't feel there was anything too unique about it . I think Burberry in general smells wonderful on men , but I have yet to find a perfume of theirs that I would wear .
 I really like Burberry The Beat for women and wanted to try Touch . How far off could they be ? Night and day . I like more sweet smelling perfumes . This one totally reminds me of Axe deodorant . It 's very woodsy . To me it smells way to masculine to be a female perfume . Nauseating .
 i thought this product would condition as well as give body no it made my hair limp no good staying with bed head moisture maniac
 Ca n't believe my wife paid this much for this rubbish ... you can get the same exact item from Publix in a different bottle for a couple of bucks .
 The product is not up to the standards of the same product that I have purchased at department stores and even drug stores . The box and the bottle was cheaply made and is more like a product you would find at a perfume discount store . The spray does n't smell like the Nina Ricci that I have used for more then 15 years and it does n't last very long . The cap wo n't stay on the bottle . I will not purchase this product again except at the department store where I work or the drug store where I have purchased itwith complete satisfaction . I made sure it was the exact same thing before I purchased it .
 I have bought this for the raving reviews . Reading the ingredient I saw horrified that it was still containing Methylparaben and Propylparaben . Both are hormon diruptors especially in young boys . Needless to say it was an immediate return.For those who care to inform themselves , here is a simplified article :[ ... -RSB- Good luck .
 I suggest to people to not buy items from beauty4you it was FAIR & white exclusive whitenizer . I say this because , i happen to placed an order a 2 weeks ago and they stilll havent ship me the item yet . Idk whats going on but i 'm just warning people.Before you buy the item Look into it carefully who the seller is and aslo Look into the reviews and than do the action !
 Ultra Swim causes a reaction when I use it regularly . After a few times using it in a couple weeks period I will notice my hair begins to feel too soft , then almost a slimy feel like it is super oily . Then when my hair dries it is stiff and stuck together like I have applied a stiff gel or spray in it while it was wet . I have quite normal hair I do n't nomally have a problem with oily hair and shampoos that are supposed to treat oily hair do n't take away the problem that the Ultra Swim causes . After the slimy hair problem arrises it takes a lot of time and I have not figured any hair products that will reverse the effects . I finally found that if I add a couple drops of pure lemon oil to my normal shapoo it seems to normalize my hair .
 I was n't too impressed with this one . I seemed hard to hold a curl and it just seemed messy . I would not order this product again but that 's just me .
 Awful product !! The clips are on backwards making it nearly impossible to clip on and stay on . The hair is very thin and staticy ... BIG waste of money . I went on the website to complain and it was taken down .
 Please do n't waste you $ $ $ $ $ . The clip did not stay in place even after I had a beautician put this in for me .
 not how is was describe ... not happy at all . i would like my money back ... . it comes curly not stright ... . and it does not state that ...
 my girlfriend did not like the smell , she said it smelled like '' old lady perfume '' could not return it , according to amazon hazardous return list .
 I brought this product for my Mom , but the package that I got does n't work . I think there is a spring missing in the top which makes it unusable . and since this item contains flammable liquid , I ca n't even return it .
 I can not review this item because this is not the item I received . I did order this item but I received the one in a tall bottle . I wanted this one because the bottle is so fancy . this was a gift for a friends birthday on July 25 th . I knew she had the tall bottle and I wanted to get her somethinga different . The order arrived 2 days befor her birthday and I did n't have time to return it and get what I ordered . I do n't know why they did not send me what I ordered . I do know I was greatly disappointed .
 Bait and switch is right - just like some other reviewer said - I paid for Eau de PARFUM , but received Eau de TOILETTE - there is a significant difference in the smell and I will be returning it - I have contacted the seller and will revise this review if they correct the problem
 Great product -LRB- I would have given 5 stars -RRB- , but ... I ordered the 3.4 oz perfume from Perfumania.com , got the confirmation email from Amazon that said I paid for a 3.4 oz bottle , but received a 1.7 oz instead -LRB- for the same price that I paid for the 3.4 oz -RRB- . I contacted Perfumania by email same day to ask if they would give me a partial refund or have another 1.7 oz bottle sent ; I never heard back from them . Is it that hard to click `` reply '' or to dial 10 numbers on a phone to please a customer ? I will never do business with Perfumania again and have recommended everyone I know to never purchase from them . I am filing a dispute with my credit union as well ; maybe that will get their attention . Worst shopping experience I 've had with Amazon .
 I 'm sorry but this is one of the worst perfumes . I seriously can spray myself about 10 times and within 30 minutes you ca n't smell a thing . yes the scent is great , I love it . But the only person who has the opportunity to smell it is me . Really really disapointed . I guess I 'm just used to the Channel and Ralph Lauren lines . They are quality and can last most of the day . This stuff is plan old junk like most of the new stuff coming out these days .
 So I read somewhere that people are generally drawn to food - smelling fragrances and that apple was a favorite . Big mistake on my part shelling out money for this on the basis of what I read . It was not pleasing to my olfactory at all , I do not recommend both this one and the DKNY Red Be Delicious , both were not well done in my opinion !
 I definitely picked wrong this time . I liked the scent in the store , but had no idea it would be so strong when I sprayed it on myself . I do not use a lot of perfume at once but even spraying it once on my neck was too much for this perfume . It is a sharp floral/fruity smell and pretty concentrated stuff . I see the full bottle on my dresser and hate to see $ 50 + down the drain so I 've attempted to wear it about ten times , but every time I 've tried to wear it I get a headache . I 've also had people tell me it was really strong -LRB- this is with one spray -RRB- . Also , the spritzer does n't really spritz , but rather launches the perfume in one focused region . Overall , not happy with this perfume . Get Burberry , Escada , or Vera Wang Princess instead .
 Product did not reach the final destination . After corelating with Amazon.com , found out that Perfumania sent to wrong address and product was returned to them . I did not recieve a full refund . They called it a `` return '' and docked 20 % off the purchase price and did n't refund shipping . How can it be a `` return '' if I never recieved the item in the first place . I might as well have just given them money . This company is horrible and feels no regret for screwing over their customers . Purchase with extreme caution if you choose to do so .
 This perfume smells nothing like an apple and is waaaay too over-powering ! It 's cheap smelling .
 I 'm puzzled by all the 4 & 5 star reviews . This scent is awful . It 's got ta be one of the least masculine fragrances out there . It 's way too citrus-y and much too strong . It reminds me of that el-cheapo `` $ 2 a gallon '' aftershave that little kids buy their dads for Father 's Day . It is about as off-putting as a scent can be . I can not imagine any man choosing this as his ` signature scent ' . Bring back DKNY Unleaded ... please !!
 This perfume has a strong , clean , very fresh , & delicious apple scent , & who would n't like such a cute & unusual bottle , but somehow , the scent just does n't last for than more than a min . or 2 on both myself & my clothes ... -LRB- I 've read about this particular kind of problem in some other review sites , also ... -RRB- Even inexpensive Calgon body mists lasts for hrs . & hrs . on me , but this expensive scent just does n't seem to ... -LRB- As a matter of fact , this fragrance seems to have 1 of the most fast disappearing scent that I 've ever encountered in my 30 + yrs . in life ... -RRB- What a shame ...
 I like the smell of this fragrance very much but have trouble with the sprayer mister . Maybe i just have a defective one but I need to unscrew the top and dab it on .
 Well , I love the scent Be Delicious . In fact , I had finished my 2nd bottle of it , and my mother finished her first . I am a frequent Amazon shopper so naturally I turned to Amazon to get my mother a new bottle for mother 's day , and to replenish my own supply as well.I was not concerned about the quality of the product since the perfume got good reviews on here ... I assumed it was the real thing . WRONG . And since Amazon does not take returns on fragrances , I am basically screwed.My mother , myself AND my husband all noticed that this did not smell like the perfume we were used to . At first we all thought it was just `` us '' ... and maybe our senses were playing tricks on us . I have since gone to Ulta and bought the real thing . Totally different ... the one from Ulta is just like what I had before , and my mom agrees -LRB- I got her another bottle too since I felt so bad for giving her crappy perfume for mother 's day -RRB- In looking at the bottle from Amazon I can see that the sticker on the bottom has a square cut out of it so there is no serial number on it . Also , the DKNY is in a different font . Also , says `` made in UK '' on that sticker instead of `` USA '' like the true one.I am disgusted , and wish I could get a refund . BEWARE !!
 This one seems to have a very fresh & delicious apple scent , but this scent is also 1 of the most short-lived scent that I 've ever encountered in my 30 + yrs . -LRB- both on my clothes & skin -RRB- , & so , do n't purchase it until U 've tested it for yourself ...
 yesterday I recived my `` be delicous '' and is FAKE !!! I 'm so sad ... I bought this from Venezuela , it said `` sold and shipped from amazon '' and I was wating for something real ! and it 's not!I 'm so disappointed !
 I like the scent , but it was packed very poorly , no carton , just a wrapper , so it would not be good to give as a gift . The spray shoots out liquid , not a fine spray - there is a lot of waste and unless you put it on your wrist , it would wet your hair if you sprayed behind your ears . All in all never again , would buy over the counter and get a decent package and a non faulty spray .
 I was completely desappointed when I got this parfum . Anyone could see that was fake , the bottle was so diferent . . and the scent didnt smell the same . Its being a while I got this , but only now I started shopping on amazon again and I thought this review would be helpful .
 Ok gals , unbeknownst to all of us diehard Shaper Plus users ... I 'm talkin ' a customer for 15 years here . Since ' 09 ... if you 've gotten bum bottles of it , wo n't spray out , no air pressure , wo n't hold ... it 's because the EPA forced Sebastian to change the formula to below 80 VOC 's . NO WUNDER IT DUZ ` NT WERK ! I tried Matrix Total Results Proforma Hairspray ... smells weird ... but is pretty ok . Nothing , and I 've tried SexyBig Hairspray , Brocato Maximum Hold , Kenra 25 Spray , Aqua Net Super hold , and the Matrix is abt as close to the hold Shaper Plus had . You can buy it at Ulta . Good luck -- and RETURN your unused product ! It ` sa RIP OFF ! It 's not Shaper Plus anymore -- it 's HALF water .
 I own a small version of the Bio Ionic blue wave -LRB- square -RRB- brushes and I think it 's a great brush - it 's easy to handle and it glides through my hair . I thought I 'd give the XL round brush a try and I regret doing so . I had read the review in which the reviewer presented the challenges associated with the slippery grip and I thought it would n't be such a big deal . Wow , was I wrong . Not only is the grip slippery but the diameter of the handle is very small making it very difficult to hold on to the brush without exerting a lot of force with my hand . It is literally painful to dry my shoulder length , relatively thin hair . And my hair ends up full of static.I have never written a review on a product before - I have never felt compelled to - but this was such a poorly designed product that is now not returnable , and I felt it important to let others know what they 're getting into before they make the purchase .
 Ordering item and delivery was exceptional . However I was VERY disappointed with the brush . I have several of the Bio ionic brushes and loved them !! The newer versions are missing the rubber grip on the handle and the new `` super smooth '' handle makes it almost impossible to hold firmly . I had to resort to wrapping the handle with grip tape . Unfortunately due to the change I would not order this product again until they put the rubber grip back on the handle . Very unfortunate as it was an awesome brush and worth every penny :-LRB- It is now a complete waste of money
 Unfortunately , this bottle of perfume was not new , fresh , it seemed to already have aged and smelled more like alcohol . I would not buy it from this seller again . Jess is a scent I have worn for years and enjoyed a great deal . I just learned they have recently stopped producing it and I think that is a shame as it is a beautiful scent . If the manufacturer produces it again , I would surely buy it .
 I have not received my order as of yet . I keep emailing Beauty Rose and telling them and I am not receiving any response back from them . I had received an order by mail , it was not what I ordered and it was to a lady in FL , I am in MD. . So I , with my own money , forwarded it to the lady and the address on the packing slip . I emailed Beauty Rose and they replied a thank you . I told them that they could credit my order in what I paid for shipping for them . They replied that I had no order with them . I am assuming what happened was they sent my order to the wrong person since I received an order that was to someone else . When the other person received my order , maybe they just kept it instead of returing it or forwarding it . I have emailed Beauty Rose 3 times asking them about my order and they have not responded once . They have taken my money . This company has been very disappointing and right now it looks like they are going to steal my money instead of providing me with what I purchased .
 I purchased Bare-Minerals starter kit and it is the worst makeup I have ever used in my entire life ! I saw the infomercial on t.v. and it really had me convinced that this makeup would leave my skin flawless . Trust me , what you see on t.v. is not what you get . I have a few blemishes on my skin and all this makeup did was make them stand out even more . The makeup does n't spread evenly so it left my skin looking blotchy . I 'm only 29 years old but this makeup managed to make my skin look old and washed out . This product is a complete rip-off ! I 'm going back to my cover girl liquid foundation and pressed powder ...
 I belong to Asian origin and just expected too much from this product . But it is an average one and i would not recommend this . If your skin is without much flaws then this product is good.It doesnt cover much blemishes or wrinkles and if you have a dry skin then this is a total no no . I am going to send this back and stick to my liquid foundation .
 This product was fine-while it worked . After about three months it just stopped working suddenly . It does n't even turn on now . Do n't buy it , it is a piece of trash .
 I have been using a 10 % Glycolic Pad from another company . I 've been very happy with that product but felt I needed something a little stronger.I purchased the Glycolix Treatment Pads in 15 % and 20 % . I figured I would build a tolerance to the 15 so I also purchased the 20 . The first time I used the 15 % I felt nothing . The next day I tried the 20 % pads . I felt a very slight tingling sensation . Hardly noticeable.Tonight I tried my old 10 % pads . I can still feel like they are working . They give that burn / tingling feeling.I 'm not sure if you have to feel that tingling for the product to be working or not . I would think yes.Someone else wrote that these pads are a knock off of the real thing.At this point I can not recommend this product . I will still continue to try this product since I already have it.If my opinion changes I will post it here .
 I love the smell of Bulgari , but this is n't Bulgari . What I received from Amazon just smells like alcohol . When we checked with Bulgari , we were told that Amazon is not an authorized reseller of their products . I 'm not sure what 's going on , and Amazon has neglected my efforts to resolve this . Bulgari is still great , but do n't expect to find that great sexy scent here .
 I have used this perfume for years and it is my first time to purchase it online . At least the Amazon 's one is totally different from what I brought from shops . It smells so strange and sick . I believe it is not BVL but may be from some fake producers . I want to return this product !!!
 This has a really disconcerting note in it . It makes me feel like I 'm drinking a cold , savory beverage like V8 . Despite it being nourishing your senses are telling you `` something 's not right '' . The odor reminds of boiled vegetables . It smells so similar to the `` extreme '' version that the difference is negligible . Like BLV and BLV Notte . There was no point in making both of them.Pour Homme is just plain gross .
 Product was not shipped . A different product was received . When the wrong product was returned I asked to have the correct product shipped . There was no additional communication until I questioned almost a month later . I was told then that I was not being charged for the product , but my request to have it shipped to me was ignored .
 I do n't know what the hype is all about . This gloss stinks . Too sheer , no color at all , no staying power and sticky . Not what I 'm looking for in a lip gloss . Waste of money .
 I got no plumping whatsoever , the scent is odd , and the color is disgusting . It looks like transparent gloss in the picture , but it 's not . Once applied , it almost looks like white lipstick from the 60 's .
 After I read the only review of this shampoo , I felt that I must tell my real experience with this shampoo.When I bought the shampoo , I was hoping that my hair -LRB- usually oily and so become flat easily -RRB- would have more volume after I use it . My hair does become more bouncy after wash , but it was only because it striped both the hair and scalp too dry . In reaction to the dryness , my scalp become even more oily quikly and dandruff comes out . I strongly recommend whoever has oily hair stays away with it .
 I love the product , but I am very upset by the way it was packed to send to me.There was no packing in the box . All the lids were poped off and 2 cans were empty after they sprayed all over in the box and papers . That was 13 cans of hair spray tossing around in a box with no packing . I was very disappointed in the packing of this item . I wrote to the company , but heard not a word . Therefore , I will not be ordering from this company again . Otherwise , I like Amazon .
 I do n't know what the hype is all about . This gloss stinks . Too sheer , no color at all , no staying power and sticky . Not what I 'm looking for in a lip gloss . Waste of money .
 I got no plumping whatsoever , the scent is odd , and the color is disgusting . It looks like transparent gloss in the picture , but it 's not . Once applied , it almost looks like white lipstick from the 60 's .
 These people make the best dryers around . The problem I have , is that the paint they use rubs off with use . They look horrible after a few months . Buy the black ones , they are awesome !
 This is a wonderful hair dryer for someone who can bench about 150 lbs . It is very sturdy and is a quick drying machine which helps reduce the frizziness factor . However , it is too heavy to operate easily . The red is fun if you need a splash of color for the bathroom . Otherwise I would recommend another Turbo Power machine which weighs less . By the way I do practice yoga and do some weight lifting so I am not a wimp .
 This product goes on easily and absorbs into the skin immediately , leaving no `` residue '' of any type . However , after using this product for a number of weeks , I have not seen any positive change whatsoever with regards to the under-eye area . I was hoping to improve the fine lines and puffiness but this has not happened ! This product is expensive , and really should deliver more than it does .
 I used this stuff years ago - and still works well , but the smell . Smelled like something rotting ! Do NOT recommend .
 This was the worst curling iron i 've ever used . Even on the lowest setting it completely fried my hair . It gets so hot that the plastic top melted with the first use and my hair burnt off in chunks . Either I got the most defective model ever , or there is a serious problem with this product .
 I 'm extremely disappointed with this product . My curls did n't even last an hour . Unfortunately I threw the packaging out so I 'm unable to return it .
 I have the regular curling iron that is n't ceramic and it curls great . However , I wanted to get a larger size and wanted to protect my hair but no mater what I do , I ca n't get product to hold a curl . It does get hot so I ca n't figure it out . I ended up ordering the BaByliss Pro Ceramic . I will be sure to rate it .
 This curling iron worked great - creates long lasting beautiful curls for my fine straight hair . After 40 days of owning this iron , and maybe 15 days of use , today I noticed the coating is wearing off and my blonde hair is PURPLE ! Unfortunately , I have missed the return window by 10 days , so Amazon will only give me a partial refund . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT !!
 It does not get as hot as I would like it too I have very fine hair and the curl does not hold and my daughter has thick hair and it does not hold sorry did not work for me I will be purchasing something different scale 1-10 and 10 being best I would give it a 4
 Used this for little over a month-light use at that . It is clunky and does not have an automatic shut off . This was especially scary being that I plugged it in one morning and it started to smell hot , after closer inspection I saw smoke gently coming out of the on off button -- I immediately unplugged it . I tested it out later and the same thing happened then stopped working completely .
 this product was sent without a box tho they say they are new.If I have a problem with these irons I have no warranty papers.I think I should have been informed that they came this way .
 Great curling iron , however this is the second one that has stopped working on me . I replaced the first one thinking it was a fluke , but the 2nd one is doing the same thing after less than a year . What happens is it stops staying on ... if you jiggle the cord it comes on and off , but you ca n't keep the cord in the right place long enough for it to stay on . Very disappointing .
 The Good
 Bought this in April because of the good price and my last one died after a year or two . Went to turn it on and nothing ! 3 months it worked fine and now its dead.Time for a new brand .
 I do n't understand all the rave reviews about this curling iron ... it simply does not curl my hair at ALL!I even tried it on the highest temperature setting , held tiny chunks in for around 30 seconds each , and you can barely even tell that my hair was curled at all . Within 20 minutes , my hair is almost completely straight again.I 've had probably a dozen or more curling irons in my life , and this is the only curling iron I 've ever used that does n't curl my usually easy-to-curl hair.Maybe I got a dud ?
 Curling iron is VERY heavy especially if you have very long hair . It also does n't heat up to the 430 degree setting it has .
 Right Size Ordered ! Wrong Size Sent ! I hate it when I am so careful to order the RIGHT thing and So I do Not have to go to all the trouble of returning the it gets screwed UP!I specfically ordered 3/4 and go 11/4 NICE Work ...
 I was so excited about this product and I was surprised it was shipped so fast ! I just got my curling iron today that was suppose to arrive next 2 days . . so wen I got home I immediately tried it to my excitement ! BUT GUESS WHAT !! This freakin ' iron DOES NOT WORK !! I have a thick hair and it should only be heated for 10-15 seconds , but even when I tried 30seconds , it DID NOT WORK !!! after a few minutes , my hair straightened again ! I even I tried curling it with only half inch hair , but nothing happened ! very disappointing ! I do n't recommend this product !
 I was very excited to get this iron . I tried it out and it definitely makes some nice curls , but after just one use the purple coating on the barrel as well as on and underneath the clip was already coming off . I could see the bare metal . I 'd probably try a hot tools iron again but not this one specifically .
 After about 4 months , this started to rust . I 'm not sure why but I do n't think that this should be the case . I do n't use any water with it , so not sure how this came to be . It heats up SUPER QUICK and does a good job curling , but now mine is basically no good because of the rust .
 I bought mine 4 years ago and it worked great while it was in good shape . Had n't used it for a while and took it out today . The plastic coating has become both brittle and gummified ! Whatever I touched stuck to my fingers and some even broke off . I had to throw it away because this just is n't safe to use any longer . I hate having to throw away something so expensive , but there was no way it was going to work and would have to be totally replaced .
 I received this while back , and just used it today for the first time . It did n't do that bad of a job curling my hair , although not the best . The product arrived in a plastic bag , no box , no instructions . I thought oh well , it ca n't be that difficult to figure out . However , if you use this , make sure you have about 20 minutes for the entire process . Mind did NOT have a foldaway safety stand so I had to stand there and hold it while it heated , do my hair , then stand there like an idiot until it cooled enough to set it down . There is NOTHING to keep it off your counter to avoid burning your countertop . I 'm sending it back . Maybe the foldaway safety stand was left in the box that it did n't come in , along with the instructions .
 Used this for only 2-3 months then the pink coating started coming off and leaving brown residue in my hair . Could n't figure out what it was until I looked under the underside of the curling clamp . Contacted Hot Tools who said they would send me out a replacement . Too bad since the iron curled my hair really nice .
 This thing does n't handle well at all because the handle is skinny and the barrell is heavy . Also it just does n't get as hot as any of the other tools I have . I 'm just discovering that its not the company because I bought another smaller one that works fine . I should have returned this particular one and I cant suggest it to anyone.edit 9/4/2012
 This curling iron is bulky and hard to handle . I bought it because of the ceramic tourmaline finish thinking it would leave my hair silky like my ceramic flat iron does . This product made my hair really dry . I only used it twice but probably wo n't use it again .
 Did n't like this product at all . It is very difficult to handle and the curls , if at all you get them , come out in a weird shape . Product did n't come with good `` how to '' instructions either . Not recommended .
 When first using the iron the top plastic piece feel off . Then after 5 seconds of my hair being wrapped in the curling iron my hair caught on fire ! Half my head of hair has been burnt . I have photos of the iron with my hair melted on it as well as the damaged it caused to the rest of my hair.My girl friend has this same exact iron and I have never had any issue with it . I was n't using any product in my hair and like I stated earlier , my hair was only wrapped on the iron for about 5 seconds before my hair caught fire and melted my hair on the iron .
 I was so excited to use this curling iron , because I had bought one last year for my sister in law . She had great things to say about it , but unfortunately when I got mine , it did n't curl my hair at all . I sent it back in , and I 'm still waiting for my refund .
 I have been very please always with Amazon , but this time I became very disappointed about my last order . I bought 2 On Ella parfums By Juan del Pozo for Mothers Day . Yesterday may 5th , they arrived with their boxes totally broken and without any congratulations card as required , both together wrapped with papers like bananas and I do not really know what to do.Esther Aymerich
 So far not too impressed ... The elixir is not evenly on the wand -LRB- like mascara wand -RRB- . Have had to comb it back through , move it around , shake and ... What a hassle and for what ?! Nothing!Wish I would of bought my usual Rapid Lash.That product worked great but I was trying to save mula.Next time I will spend the $ 49 for the Rapid Lash and regrow mylashes to their former status , as the `` BIG Sweepers '' my sister , friends , and boyfriend have named them !
 A waste of my money . I used this product regularly for 6-8 weeks with no noticeable growth . Tired of products not doing what they claim .
 I was n't too impressed with this one . I seemed hard to hold a curl and it just seemed messy . I would not order this product again but that 's just me .
 Please do n't waste you $ $ $ $ $ . The clip did not stay in place even after I had a beautician put this in for me .
 not how is was describe ... not happy at all . i would like my money back ... . it comes curly not stright ... . and it does not state that ...
 Awful product !! The clips are on backwards making it nearly impossible to clip on and stay on . The hair is very thin and staticy ... BIG waste of money . I went on the website to complain and it was taken down .
 I baught this hair brush because I wanted one which would not be too hard on my delicate care , but this brush is rediculously too soft . Its like brushing my hair with `` human hair '' . I have since baught a Goody brush at Safeway supermarket for half what I paid for this one and I am extremely happy with it , as it is also 100 % Boar Bristle but has a medium texture . If you are looking for a hair brush which is almost as soft as a baby brush then this ACE brush is for you . If not , I do n't recommend it .
 My original brush is 15 years old and still has firm bristles . This one has very soft boars hair bristles . It does not brush through my short hair .
 not good it only had a few bore hairs when it said 100 % bore hair , at the very leastnot accurate
 I bought this product because I was looking for an extremely soft brush for my hair . I bought it based on the reviews and reading customers complaints about the brush being too soft . When I received the brush in the mail , it was not soft at all , it was rough for my delicate hair . I wonder if it 's actually 100 % boar bristle brush , it looks more like plastic .
 when I first sprayed Bucheron on my wrist , it stayed more than 10 hours . That was convincing ! I bought it same day from amazon . The product I got , either aproaching out of date or something I do n't know . Even after 6-8 sprays , it 's just gone after couple hours ! At least for this cologne , I must say
 its pure alcohol after 5 sprays , theres no more cologne scent . Dont waste your money it looks like a real good deal but its not
 The product is a thick gel-like consistency , messy to use , and it did n't get my mascara off effectively - it ended up all over my cheeks . I was surprised because the Dermalogica products I 've used have been much higher quality than this one . I wo n't buy it again .
 I am a big fan of Dermalogica products . But after using this booster , my face got covered with red and itchy spots .
 I ordered Dermalogica Skin Hydrating Booster , and got Dermalogica Skin Renewal Booster !!!! Since I live outside of the US , it is to much trouble sending back and have the product replaced .
 I 've used Burberry Brit before and the bottle I bought from Amazon is quite a bit weaker . The fragrance is similar ... definitely not satisfied !
 After trying Burberry 's Brit for men , I have a few things to say about it . You better like smelling like a baby , since all I could smell was the overtones of baby oil and a light , powdery note as well . I 've heard people rave about the ginger note , smoked vanilla , and really , really wish that I could see through all the BS , but I believe , at the end of the day , that Brit is n't delivering anything new . Yes , it is n't as spicy as I usually prefer , and I was open to something new , but Brit reminds me of a few colognes I 've experienced in the past . It has an understated presence like Grey Flannel . It 's one you 'll be able to smell , not overpowering , and a rather developed scent . Not that Grey Flannel was a fave , either , just a comparison . The initial note will have you believing that Brit is much more spicy than it ends up . Truth is , after it dries down , the `` surprise '' factor is lost , and it has some of the irritating notes I 've come to dislike in other underdeveloped scents like Joop , and > gasp < Curve . It may be a newer direction for Burberry , and one that 's not so stuffy , but I would rather purchase a unique scent instead of one that is a cross between too many uncertain notes .
 In my opinion , this is the most foul smelling perfume for men I have ever had the unfortunate chance to smell on my husband . I bought this for him for Christmas because I was going by all the rave reviews on Amazon . It is not sweet in the least . It has a sour citrus bitter tobacco smell to it that by no means turns me on or makes me swoon . It causes me to have a headache every time he puts it on . It is a bad combination of several so called manly scents that have turned sour in the bottle . Take my advice , DO N'T BUY IT!If I could give it less than one star I would .
 This product smells like old people do . I do NOT recommend this cologne . I gave it away to my roommate after using it for two days . I also bought ck eternity from this site but it seems like a replica it lasts 1 hour . . But smells way better than this product . Cheap is not always better
 Absolute junk . Either it was fake or really , really old . Smelled like a cologne would buy at the grocery store . I bought from Amazon and notified them of my dissatisfaction and customer service handled my complaint perfect .
 the quality is so low and you cant return itThat 's ridiculousThe smell is so soSo its not a great dealbut still doubt if it is a fake one or not
 I got a fake version . The package was opened before and was resealed with scotch tape ... Bar Code was glued on .
 It smells `` good , '' but for gosh sake its a cologne , that doesnt get it any stars.This bottle smells like a nice light coat of baby powder . That 's it . It lasts all day -LRB- 6-8 hours in ac ool room -RRB- and I do `` like '' the smell , but it is very typical and bland . It has no character even compared to other mass-produced and heavily worn colognes.I wear it to work because its very simple , unoffensive , and ... well ... I cant return it , so I may as well use it . If I were going on a date or out on the town , this would be my last choice .
 I bought this product and after a couple of weeks when I used it maybe for the 10th time , the mechanism got broken . Never hepent this in a Burberry Brit and is the 5th time when I buy same one . I onestly doubt on quality for this seller
 very musky . I was expecting &#34; fresh &#34; but found it to be more like generic Brut cologne or something along those lines .
 I 'm writing this review after owning a pair for over a year and finally stopping using it . -LRB- I was told to stick with it so I can adjust to using it - but whatever - over a year of sticking with it is enough in my opinion . -RRB- Of course everyone is different but I 'd of given this product 0 stars if that option were available . Here 's why : THE STRAPSeems to be this slippery strip of fabric . It does n't feel sturdy just flimsy . My guess is that the manufacturer chose this type of strap so that it 's not so tightly on that you wake up with raccoon indentations in your face . Still I suspect this is part of the reason why it does n't stay on all night . Like another reviewer said , When I wake up I find it in on my pillow rather on my face . The other reason why I do n't think it stays on is that I move around in my sleep . Seriously folks who does n't move around in their sleep ? The strap slides around and I find myself having to pull it back down in place . I even resorted to tucking them under a ponytail , or under my ears - ridiculous but true . Neither of those methods worked.THE REPLACEABLE FOAM EYE PIECESThe foam insert has 2 parts.Part 1The ring which cushions around the eye and has sticky adhesive which helps it to stay on the goggle.Part 2The insert , which you wet with water and just insert.The foam pieces are a total waste of money because the glue still does n't help to keep the foam ring in place . In fact I 've had the eye pieces come unstuck after I replaced them the day before . On the funny side of things I woke up one morning and it was all in pieces , I could n't find one of the foam rings because it stuck to my face . They held on pretty well to my face but not the plastic which makes me wonder if the glue and the plastic are not as compatible as they ought to be.This part may not apply to everyone but I tend to sleep with my eyes open . That being said , the foam insert is much to thick and too close to my eyeball so i cut them lengthwise . Why does it have to be that thick ? Our eyeballs naturally curve above the sockets so it seems odd that they make it the same thickness as the insert so it rests against the eyelid.Every evening I spend time making sure these goggles are properly assembled and hoping that they 'll stay on all night . I 'm sorry but if I have to think and worry about a product like this all the time then that alone is another reason why it should have 0 stars . No one should have to go through this sort of exercise on a nightly basis . I want to feel confident about my product not like I 'm using a prop from a circus clown.So yes after all that time I attempted to use these I gave up because I absolutely hate them . I 'm amazed that they have n't collected all the reviews out there on the web about their product and tried modifying it based on feedback . It looks like it 's been the same since the product came out . They 've only introduced add-ons which are fine , but please fix the fundamental issues . It 's no good if it does n't totally stay on our mugs .
 I tried TranquilEyes Basic for a few nights but unfortunately they are not for me . At $ 45 I was expecting something much better . I still wake up with very dry eyes because the mask does n't form a proper seal and it does n't stay on very well . It 's great that this mask works for some people but it does n't for me . Maybe it 's the shape of my head or my abnormal eye sockets , but the eye pieces seem too big . They either press uncomfortably on the top of my nose , or I have to move the mask up over my eyebrows . I find that the strap is poorly designed as you can not tighten it very well . You can pull it tighter but there is no way to secure it , so it just slips back . I imagine that after weeks or months of using this product the strap will get even looser . I also find that the foam inserts are too thick so they press against my eyeballs , but when I do n't put them in , the left eye is very bright , while the right eye is completely black ! I can feel that the blue plastic part is much thinner on the left than it is on the right . This is probably a manufacturing error or just bad quality , I guess . Not something I would expect with a $ 45 mask .
 I tried mine on straight out of the box and it broke in my hands . The nose bridge broke immediately . This product is no good . Im very disappointed because I can not find a way to prevent my dry eye issue .
 I purchased this item at the recommendation of my optometrist for itchy , irritated eyes . I am a great believer in hot compresses for eye relief , and after using a multitude of drops at no avail , I figured this was the perfect solution . The product is comfortable and works just fine , but only for for a couple of minutes . The warmth did not last long at all . I had expected to feel the warmth for a longer period - not the case .
 I have suffered from extremely dry eyes here in Colorado for years , made even worse by my laser eye surgery . I 've been on the hunt for a long time to find something that would help me to use less eyedrops and maybe make my eyes feel better . Frankly you may as well just buy a sponge and stick it on your eye for what this product does - not really very comfortable and not effective . I was hoping , but will keep searching ! Maybe for a different purpose -LRB- wrinkles ?? -RRB- but not what I was looking for unfortunately .
 I bought this product because I thought it will help me with my eye allergies , but it just made it worse somehow . I wore it only twice , and I was afraid of wearing it some more - my vision got really blurry and my eyes were red and itchy.Use caution , especially if you have allergies and high prescription power like me !
 The hard casing presses against my nose and makes my breathing , that is already difficult even harder leaving me with a headache when I get up . I do n't think trading a correction for dry eyes for a nasty headache is worthwhile .
 If I could have , I would have given these zero stars because I believe the box should say that they do not fit people with larger heads.I am a woman but these are so small they do not fit across both eyes . They are only long/wide enough to fit across about one and a half the wide of my eyes . Because of that , I can not use them . They are quite expensive so I would advise strongly against buying these unless you have a petite or very small head , or your eyes are set very closely together .
 This sponge initially starts out hard as a rock . You would have to soak this sponge for awhile before you can get it soft enough to rub on your child . I first tested this out on myself , and found that my hands felt really dry , like the oils had been removed from my hands . I 'm not sure that I would recommend using this on children .
 It smells like a combination of Raid Roach Killer and I am not certain what but , this is a review of the product itself not the seller -
 does not last more than 5 minutes I would not suggest it unless you do n't plan on hanging out for more than a few minutes
 Very Strong when you put in on and last for only about half an hour and its gone would at least thing that it would smell longer but no .
 Let me preface this brief review by saying I own 60 + bottles and growing . This is without a doubt the worst bottle I 've had the displeasure of smelling . The smell is something out of this world , it 's difficult to describe . Imagine sour , cheap , soapy notes that are so synthetic it hurts the nose . Man I do n't know what fragrance these other reviewers are smelling but this is aweful . If you absolutely need an FCUK scent try FCUK Connect it 's much better scent wise , even if the longevity is poor . I usually am pretty forgiving on my fragrance reviews since everyones nose is different but ... DO N'T BUY THIS . That 's my good dead for the year .
 para resumir esta opinion , esto es pesimo y lo peor aun falso , la caja no era la misma y la fragancia huele a detergente de veras no invierta dinero en este disparate
 bought this as a christmas gift for my wife the package arrived on time but once I opened it , I was very disappointed . The perfume packaging was damaged . I do not have enough time to return it and get an undamaged one so my wife will be getting a damaged package for christmas .
 Very Disappointed !! I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas . The sprayer leaked the perfume all over your hands . I let the company know and they sent us another one and it did the same thing .
 I was really excited to get this item and when it was recieved it was broken .
 I got this product since my mom used when I was a kid , it smelled so good that when I saw was available here I rushed in to get it , I was dreaming with it for days and when I finally got it home I opened the package with the biggest desire to wear it ... OMG the experience was awful , I got a headache right away , and of course I never opened it again , I cant say that was just me cause I told my best friend to try it too and she thought the same , so at first I thought i was making a wonderful , great , smart . . deal cause it was so cheap , but at last turn out that I wasted 17 dollars :-LRB- , I hope this rewiew help u to make a good choice ... . for ur own good , Pick something else ...
 This sponge initially starts out hard as a rock . You would have to soak this sponge for awhile before you can get it soft enough to rub on your child . I first tested this out on myself , and found that my hands felt really dry , like the oils had been removed from my hands . I 'm not sure that I would recommend using this on children .
 Listen up gals ! There is nothing spectacular , different or even all natural about Arbonne products . The only difference is in the price ! Let 's face it , if you want good skin , your going to have to earn it - eat healthier and drink an abundance of filtered water . You might have a daily cleanser , maybe an exfoliater of some sort and a decent moisturizer -LRB- maybe even two , one for winter and one for summer -RRB- , but it does n't and should n't cost you an arm and leg . There are many books on natural beauty ie
 Arbonne NutriMin C hydrating face wash is very expensive and does not work any better than other face wash , and watchout if you accidently get any in your eyes - it burns like crazy and lasts almost 24 hours . Will not buy again .
 My husband uses clippers in the shower , and the rust marks left from cheaper , non-stainless steel clippers really annoy me . So , I bought the Seki Edge Stainless Steel Fingernail Clipper for him . Unfortunately , it is not completely stainless . The bolt that holds the two pieces together is non-stainless and rusts ! I essentially paid 5x the amount of a cheaper clippers for the same problem , and am very disappointed in the false advertizing .
 leaves my nails sharp and rough , difficult to use , went back to the $ 2.00 drug store clippers , way better and cheaper
 The clippers seem sharp , but surprisingly often leave torn and partially attached fragments at the ends of my nails . In other words , although the blade seems very sharp , it often does n't give me a clean cut.I also do n't like that the top bar is shorter than the bottom one . It makes for an odd grip . No built-in file is really strange , too - that should be a given . And finally , the two slits at the bottom seem to be decorative only - I ca n't imagine a practical purpose for them.Vastly overpriced , and not that good .
 I thought this nail clipper was going to be much better quality than the typical clippers you can buy in the drug store . But I was disappointed . The clippers are certainly powerful , but they leave a ragged edge . I have to file my nails every time I use this clipper .
 I bought a pair of these clippers . I can understand some of the comments people make about having to file your nails after . The clippers make such a clean cut that the edge is sharp . I looked under a microscope and there is no burr or rise in the nail , but the 90 degree edge is sharp . Even my daughter 's nails -LRB- age 4 -RRB- were sharp after cutting with the clippers .
 Simply put these do not cut smooth . They are barely better than the cheapest ones you would find at walmart . The cut leaves the shredded fingernail feeling . The actual steel it is made of appears to be good but the cut is poor . The revlon deluxe clippers have a better edge . Maybe it is just quality control , but at $ 15 I recommend you not even try these .
 The cut is not as smooth as it should be . The cutting head is on the small side . The price is way overboard . Save your money , find something else .
 I had not been happy with old clippers so I thought I would order a good pair . Well , these were not the ones . Ok for nails but I wanted it for skin too .
 I was in Stuttgart when I found a German nail clipper for sale in a gift shop . It was a shocking $ 29 but since I was on vacation and in a pretty good mood , I examined it and tested it in the shop . It did such a good job that I bought one . It remains to this day in my night stand , unshared with my family . Feeling a little guilty , when I saw the Seki clipper at a tempting price , I pounced . Alas , the quality is about as good as a $ 3 clipper I recently bought and no where near as good a give-away clipper I keep in the bathroom . There must be a better clipper out there and I 'll keep looking . This is n't the dream clipper I hoped for.nail clipper
 the cutting edge did not match , and the cut was not better than the $ 2 one from Walmart . It was not comfortable in our hand . and we are not big . -LRB- keep in mind these are deigned and made from Asia -RRB- . We also brought the toe nail cutter , and it was much much better , and it work well for finger nails too .
 i cant write this review about the actual nail clipper as i am sitting here 6 days after ordering and the product still has not been shipped . i would highly recommend not purchasing from this vendor !
 One of the perfumes came out broken , I have n't even open it , it has the plastic wraping and everything it came with , but there 's perfume comming out of the plastic , enough that it damaged the wood cabinet where I put it !!!
 I do n't know if I like the product or not because I have n't gotten it yet and it has taken almost a MONTH to get . I know I like Kendra products but I will never order it off Amazon again .
 As the other reviewer said it does smell like bug spray -LRB- crossed with pickles -RRB- in the beginning . It does smell better after a little while , but not an extraordinary smell by any means , nothing distinctive and that would make you want to rush out and buy another bottle . Generic classic perfume .
 No need to waste your money on this set . It looks much nicer in the picture than it actually is . The case does n't even have hinges .
 I did n't like this gel/wax at all . It 's WAY too sticky , heavy and leaves clumps in the hair . It 's nearly impossible to wash of your hands , not to mention wash out of the hair ! The fact that it gave me breakouts and acne in the forehead after a couple of days in use just goes to show it 's the worst hair gel I 've ever used : / Only people I can imagine it would work for is if you have very short hair and would like hard spikes .
 Not good . Model in a bottle much , much better and for less money . Did not sustain through heat & sweat . Not reliable . I love this line , so I purchased on faith . This just did n't work for me ... but I highly recommend Paula Dorf makeup .
 This moisturizer sits on top of my skin and does n't seem to soak in or moisturize at all . I would use it on sunny days for the SPF but as soon as I would break a little sweat it would feel like there was a slime sitting on top of my face . I get self conscious because it feels like I have a visible film on my face from the moisturizer . It 's an expensive product , and it is not worth the money I paid for it .
 My hair hated this moisturizer ! I put some on my waves then about 15 minutes later , my hair was itchy and it was hard not to mess up my waves from scratching . The smell was great though , very pleasant and the shine was there too . Would I purchase this again , definitely not but my order arrived quickly .
 Did not work . Seemed to work at first and then stopped . I must have the worst oily skin ever . I felt stupid for buying it AGAIN .
 This product has no smell , produces no suds , and because of the shape , is awkward to use . It is extremely round and big so it is hard to get a grip on the product . In addition , it produces no suds ! I 've tried using it directly on skin , with a washcloth , with a sponge , and there are no suds !! Does it even clean ???? No smell either . Complete waste of money .
 This product was terrible . Not only did it make my hair greasy , and heavy . It also made my face break out in terrible acne . I would not buy this product ever again .
 I was happy when I found NW20 as it has been unavailable at MAC stores and online for quite sometime . The powder I received was definitely not NW20 . It is too dark . I was very disappointed with what I received .
 Ordered 3 of these and when I recieved them , I got 3 , but they were all different colors . 1 of this color and 2 of some random other ones . Do n't suggest buying more than 1 , or at all .
 well i wasnt happy with this product but thats me i didnt like the way it smelled , but i wouldnt say not to buy it cuz someone else might love it but it smell like roses to me to much
 very displeasedi with this vendor , , received entirely difffrent product from that i orderderedhave contacted seller twice regarding error with no response , would not reccomend this vendor for any purchase , ,
 It has parabens in it . It did okay as far as dandruff goes . I think head and shoulders is better and does n't have parabens in it .
 I have tried several dandruff shampoos over the course of many years and so I am always skeptical about trying the `` next new thing '' . The reviews that I read on this product before purchasing it were all relatively positive . However , I foud with my own personal experience that although it works on the scalp it leaves my hair dry and feeling straw like.I used it a total of three times and tried to add different variations of hydrating my hair and scalp after using this shampoo and still nothing work except discontinuing use . I have switched to using a product called Clear along with a deep conditioner and pure coconut on my scalp as daily hydration maintenance .
 this seems far stronger than the one i tried from the salon . this made my dandruff worse . it dried out my scalp .
 I fault myself . This is one smart lady ! Bottom line ... This does NOT work . I wish I had thought of it . Waste of money .
 I use to love this perfume . This has an old smell to it . Service was great just does n't smell good
 I have really curly hair , did every instruction it said on the back and I put so much in my hair and I used my blow dryer for half an hour trying to get my hair straight . Never worked ! DO NOT PURCHASE THIS .
 well i wasnt happy with this product but thats me i didnt like the way it smelled , but i wouldnt say not to buy it cuz someone else might love it but it smell like roses to me to much
 Though the seller proclaims that it is preservative , paraben , sulfate free , the ingredient list shows such preservatives as propilen glycol and butilen glycol , which are used in producing antifreeze liquids for the cars products , and being absorbed by the skin and with time cause breast and other forms of cancer . These preservatives are also added in cheap 3-6 $ cosmetics , so why to overpay for this product if anyway it is going to ruin your health the same way ? I dissapointed with the lack of truth , or they think that consumers are stupid and do n't understand much in chemicals ?
 I am a frequent handwasher , which dries out my hands & cuticles . I 've tried many products and because of a recommendation , I thought I 'd try the SpaRitual product . This product is NOT worth the extra money and after using for 2 weeks , there is simply no difference than what you can purchase at your local drug store . So , save your money !
 Does n't smell bad but not as good as I thought . Think I ordered the wrong Mont Blanc fragrance . Husband uses it though .
 I purchased this product in the hopes that it would end my five year long battle with acne . All of the stellar reviews from Amazon had me totally conviced that this was the ultimate cure-all . Right ? Wrong . As soon as it arrived at my front door , I Ran inside and literally used it three times that day . The Results ? Non-existant . But I continued used thinking that i just had n't given it enough time to REALLY work . Over a month later , I can safely say this product has done absolutely nothing for or against my skin ; no refined pores , no cleared breakouts , no improvement in overall complexion . I felt the tingle people refer to after the application , but that 's all that happened . Maybe I 'm just that 1 % that 's doomed to not have success with this `` amazing '' product , or maybe the hype is just too good to be true . All in all , I would definitely not recommend .
 I ordered this item and when received It was scented water!I ordered this with Amazon thru sophiasbeauty.com - the item was not actual product.I brought item into major retailer and Hermes rep indicated this was a phony fragrance - it was scented water.I looked for best price and I got ripped off!Do not order from sophiasbeauty.com !
 I got this as a gift for my wife 's birthday and she loves the perfume . Great product.But it looked like was opened already . WTF ? there was no plastic wrapping around the product box and the perfume seems to have been used before . The bottle sprayed at full volume at the very first press , and there seems to be slight signs of being opened with the box . Not cool man , not cool . I do n't know if that 's just a Hermes quirk but it just does n't look good when presenting a gift.If you are looking to get this ... . I do n't know , just be sure you do n't spend $ 100 on something that looks like an opened item .
 I 've seen a couple different note schemes for this , so I 'm going to stick with what I know . I get quite a bit of unripe citrus on the opening . The mango seems the dominant note to me , and the grapefruit is always lurking in the background . The top notes last very long on me , a few hours before what I perceive to be an abrupt transition to the middle notes . The middle notes are also very strong at first and then they die down to a very light scent also . I do n't get much distinction from the middle notes , perhaps a faint floral.So far as the scent itself goes , I have to say I am not a fan , and I 'm actually surprised that there are so many people that are so impressed by this . Some people have gone raving mad in their reviews . It 's a mediocre citrus at best , IMO . I enjoy this fragrance for about 10 minutes , until the top notes start to blend and leave one very gigantic unpleasant note that smells like wet pantyhose drying on a shower rod . And I get this weird scent for a long time . I know that it is green citrus , but the blending of the top notes almost makes some kind of other ontological olfactory entity - it 's like something out of a 50 's horror movie.There are many good citrus scents out there . I do not find this to be one of them .
 OK , it arrived promptly , at a good price . End of good news.The clipper curves outward , most clippers curve inward.A better picture would have shown this clearly.So great care is needed to avoid cutting more than you want.And the cutters are not all that sharp or fine , takes a lotof force and produces a rough cut.It would cost almost the full purchase price to ship them back , not worth the hassle.Six bucks wasted .
 I have it , but rarely use it , as it reminds me of a bug spray . I prefer Estee Lauder 's Pleasures for Men . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 what a rip off ... they wont even accept returns . Used to have one before and I remember it smelling nice . The one I got in the mail is terrible , almost unusable .
 I should have realized how small this was . This is what they give out for free at the department stores and I ended up paying $ 10.00 for this ! The shipping was $ 4.00 for standard delivery , and it arrived in an ENVELOPE ! On the back it says `` not for individual sale '' I thought it would be cute for a stocking stuffer , but is it even legal to sell these ? Or is it the `` honor '' system ? If so , where is the honor ? Watch out who you are buying from . It was stupid of me to not pay more attention , but shame on this supplier for SELLING free samples and then gouging you on the shipping ! I will never buy any product from them , because I would not trust the source of their products , the age of the products or the quality of their products !
 I could not believe that this cologne scent did not linger , and it is very subtle as well . Really disappointed with this buy .
 I have n't tried this . I recently remembered that I used to use my mother ` sRevenescence cream moisturizer -LRB- made by Charles of the Ritz -RRB- on special occasionswhen I was a teen . I adored it . Searching the internet I found that that is no longer made , but people said that the Ultima 11 chr cream concentrate is the closest thing to it . However , I called Revlon & they said they no longer make it , & they said it was last made in 4/08 & has a shelf life of 3 yrs . So , ifit 's sold anywhere on the internet it would already be expired , & obviously Amazon wo n't be carrying it . Just thought I 'd let people know so they wo n't be waiting for it to come in . I 'm so disappointed . Does anyone know of anything else that 's close to Revenescence ?
 I find this concealer to be a little too heavy . A beauty consultant at Sephora had me try Makeup Forever concealer and it is much more natural looking . I think Amazing Concealer is overrated .
 This product was marketed as Body Shop Indian Gardenia but it is nothing like it . I should have known when I saw the image but figured it was cheap enough to give it a try . Not certain if it is Amazon or Sunshine that is responsible for the mistake in marketing .
 I find this concealer to be a little too heavy . A beauty consultant at Sephora had me try Makeup Forever concealer and it is much more natural looking . I think Amazing Concealer is overrated .
 the coverage did not last only a couple of hours . was not what i expected.did not do what was advirtised
 This is the worst hot oil treatment that I 've used . It did absolutely nothing for my hair . I 've tried plain old Extra virgin olive oil and it did the trick for me . I 'll never buy Queen Helen jojoba oil treatment again .
 I purely bought this tinted moisturizer to even out my skin tone , since in the summer I thought I 'd avoid powder or foundation . I do n't have problematic skin , no major dark spots or blemishes , but unfortunately this product does n't do anything in this regard at all ... my face looks the same with or without it ... very frustrated !
 I just bought the shampoo and conditioner . . love the shampoo , hate the conditioner ! I 've tried it for about a week now but every day I get the same results . . hair I ca n't pull a brush thru . And in the process of detangeling , I actually pull out half my hair .
 Unfortunately , they sent me the wrong product and I do n't know how to complain or send my feedback . I have a bad luck
 Lots of people rave about this brand and so I decided to give it a shot . It 's said to be a shampoo/shower gel/bubble bath and the big test for me is to try it on my hair . I found it really ineffective and heavy and it left my hair oily . I was n't up for using it as a shower gel or bubble bath after it did that to my hair . Maybe a different product would have better suit me .
 I guess my luck had to run out ... it is as though they forget to put any fragrance at all in this one -LRB- Coconut Frosting -RRB- . I just ordered Pink Frosted Animal Cookie , Mangos and Cream , and the Fortune Cookie Trio , the later I have not yet received and the other two were out of this world delicious ... I mean delicious . I especially love the Pink Frosted Animal Cookie ... although the experience is limited to the tub or shower it is minute 's worth of unadulterated bliss . However the coconut has no smell , I almost wish it smelled bad instead of nothing at all . I am imagining that something in the product went bad or de-stabilized and made the fragrance dissipate but whatever happened it left this 3-1 with no smell -- I mean none !! I know that I should return it but I probably wo n't . The item I purchased was discounted and now I know why ! In my opinion , instead of $ 12.80 for this 16 oz . -LRB- they are regularly $ 16 -RRB- it should have been $ 7.00 or $ 8.00 because it still lathers , it still has the pearlescent sheen and the moisturizing element is there but it has no smell , maybe a vaguely soapy scent but not a coconut in site . Sometimes a bargain is not a bargain , sadly we often look for discounts which if we are truthful cost us more in the long run !!
 Apparently when you order Coconut Cream pie -LRB- shamp , cond , bath -RRB- the company sends Coconut Frosting . The Coconut Cream Pie is discontinued and this one replaces it , although it has no conditioner in it and it has a very artificial coconut scent that was too sweet for even this coconut-lover . I spoke with a philosophy representative and told them this should be ammended on the website . It was not . I exchanged this item at a department store and got a more pleasant smelling body wash .
 i can barely smell the coconut ... its great for someone with allergies probably who cant handle a stronger smell but for me its just ok ... does lather nicely though .
 Before I say anything about this product , I would like to warn you that it smells . I ca n't necessarily describe the smell , but go on other websites , read reviews . It really really smells . Which makes it really hard to keep on your face for 5-10 minutes.Other than the traumatizing smell , the product seems to work , although I 'm not quite sure . After washing off the medicine , my face was smooth but it felt very dry and unpleasant.I 'm a huge Neutrogena fan , but I hate this product .
 This is not the same as their other clear spray . . It 's basically a milky lotion in a spray bottle . I would not suggest it .
 I did n't think it was clear that this product was simply regular sunscreen dispensed from a spray bottle . I 've used a spray Coppertone sunscreen before and assumed this was the same .
 I 'm fair skinned w/freckles and this product after one app barely showed any color what so ever . I was still ghostly . Some color should have showed , I mean come on ... What a waist .
 When I first started using Juvenil my pimples did n't seem to get as bad and they went away faster . But when I combined it with the Creme 15 my acne improved by like 50 % within a few days . Unfortunately it did n't get better after that . After 3 weeks my skin seems to be getting back to where it was before . Another thing is the bottle leaks and does n't dispense the liquid properly . I 'm going to end up wasting some of the product because of this . Considering how much this cost Yonka should really consider either changing the bottle or improving it so it does n't leak and the liquid comes out better .
 Smelled terrible . It just smelled really bad . Stop carrying it . Bad . Bad . Bad . Bad . Bad product . Please ? Alright , awesome . Yes .
 Boy was I shocked when I ordered two bottles of this product from Dhmedical supplies and got two bottles of Eucerin . There was no receipt included with the order , no return label or anyway whatsoever to make a return . Imagine how further shocking to get an extremely nasty e-mail response to an inquiry of how they would like to handle the matter . In all my years of internet shopping I have never been treated so rudely . The entire matter would have been handled if DHMedical would bother to enclose paperwork with their shipments , but they certainly need to work on customer service as well . Wo n't be ordering from them ever again . Thanks for nothing !
 Did not work for me . I have been using this for 2 months . My hair shed more than before . I kept reading all the review it work for others but not for me .
 I found that not only does it smell bad , but I had to keep washing my pillow cases . So far , I see absolutely no difference .
 This oil smells like sweet herbs . I give it a rating of 3 at first because of the smell and feel . I love the smell , but I guess I have to wait another two weeks to see if it has made my hair thicker and longer . It feels really cool and moist on the scalp . I leave it in overnight.It 's been a month now of me using this ; it didnt do much . It does not make my hair soft at all . I hate coconut oil on my hair . It makes it crispy . I have natural african hair . I didnt use it 2-3 times weekly . I kinda stopped . I can tell after about 7 days when a hair growth product is working .
 Crap . Nothing like Gucci Nobile as claimed . Very strong initially and has the cheap musky smell to it . WIll not recommend to others .
 After a few weeks of use this has not worked . I only have some small patches of psoriasis on my elbows . It has turned the patches an icky grey color but they remain unchanged . I 'm sad and disappointed . I would really like to wear short sleeves again . : -LRB-
 I would have liked to tried it but I was sent an unsealed bottle , loose in the package with other products I ordered . The bottle was open , all contents of orange/brown looking stuff , all over everything !
 After using this product on my scalp for about a week , i noticed that it helped stopped the flaking but the itchyness did n't go away completely . I used it for about 3 more weeks and did n't really help get rid of my scalp psoriasis completely .
 I 'm glad I have the product , but I paid for a new one , but I was sent a used one . Hope it wo n't happen again ! It works really well on my skin .
 I changed my mind about purchasing this item . When I tried to start the retrun process and print a return label , Amazon.com said : `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federal regulations . Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste . `` I do n't know about you , but I do n't have $ 28 to throw away . It seems to me that Amazon.com should have put some kind of notice or warning that this product is non-returnable , even if it 's unopened / unused . That was just irresponsible for them to not do so .
 This crap does NOT work . Just because something is pricey does n't mean it 's quality . Made my polish chip FASTER than polish/top coat alone . If you buy , polish will be ugly in 2 days or less .
 Very disappointed with this top coat . Instead of being clear , the dried edges from the polish have turned white and my nail color has chipped after 2 days .
 First let me say I bought this product from Wal-Mart , not this seller . Second , I read on the instructions that it works best with some `` bonder '' base coat and I did n't see that until after I tried it.So . . it just does n't work ! That 's all there is to it . It forms a pretty hard acrylic feeling coat on your nail and after about a day -LRB- I wash my hands a lot , I work at an automotive repair , which is why I was looking for a product like this -RRB- it started to literally crack . so I guess technically it does n't `` chip '' at first , it just stays cracked looking for a while and then starts to chip away . This is after two days . Sooo a waste of 7 bucks . So far I have the best luck with putting super glue in plain cheap top coat .
 I bought this product in the hopes that my manicure could last at least a week . Mind that if you regularly use water -LRB- washing hands , washing dishes , washing your hair daily -RRB- it wo n't work ! Do n't waste your money with this product . It recommends that you use the Orly Bonder Base Coat , WHICH I DID , but nothing . So I spent like 12 USD in both products for nothing !!! If you 're lucky , your nail color will last 2 days , but no more if you are in constant contact with water . I only give it 2 stars because I like the polished glossy finish but I guess you can accomplish that with another product like the 2-in-1 base and top coat .
 I bought this product thinking that it would not chip my nails , but it chips them even more than what they were doing on their own . It makes my nails harder -LRB- even though I have naturally hard nails -RRB- , but then after a couple of hours , the polish cracks and you can see lines in my nail polish where it starts to chip . I would definitely not recommend this product to anyone .
 Thia stuff is horrible ! It looks great going on , but after about a day , its cracks and peels off leaving my nails looking worse than if I used a normal top coat . I do n't beat my hands up that much . They chipped just cooking dinner . I would NOT recommend this product !
 Foremost , thank you for very quick shipping and good packaging . But ! The pencil does not deliver whatsoever on it 's long lastingness , starts melting under eyes within first half an hour . Better off buying Dior 's waterproof , or Lancome makes one automatic as well . This one as if buying maybelline 's waterproof pencil , only you are paying a lot more . I am sure this will not last in Chicago 's humid 100 degrees summers , it does n't even last in frigid Minnesota winters .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband -- we both love this fragrance . However , I was extremely disappointed to discover that this particular purchase DID NOT include the toiletry bag as is pictured . There are multiple vendors that sell Burberry Brit on Amazon -- some with the toiletry bag and some without . I chose to buy this fragrance from this particular vendor BECAUSE the bag was included with the purchase , and the purchase was a gift . There 's no reason they ca n't use an image of the product without the toiletry bag included -- other vendors do . It 's very misleading .
 I 've smelled this stuff before . When I detected it today on someone in the gym , I asked what it was so I could be sure to avoid it . It is one of the most hideous scents I have ever encountered in something that is , supposedly , a perfume . Why ca n't I choose ZERO stars ???
 I ordered this perfume on December 17 , 2009 through Tuccini , when I learned I could n't get it directly from Amazon.com . I trusted that sine the vendor was used by Amazon , that I could believe their representations . However , after five days , on December 22 , 2009 , I received an e-mail from Tuccini informing me that the item was back-ordered . The possibility that the item could be back-ordered was not even mentioned in the ordering information , and in fact , they said they would have it to me by December 24 , 2009 . When I called their customer care number on the e-mail they sent , I was diverted to a call center who took a message , and I was told I would be called back . I never was . I made several additional e-mail inquiries , but never received a response . Today , December 23 , 2009 , I received an `` Order Cancellation Notice '' from Tuccini via e-mail . I called the number in that e-mail and spoke to a gentleman who could not adequately explain why they would take and process an order for an item they did not have in stock , nor could he explain why that determination took five days . Now , I am left to scramble to find another source for this perfume , which I told my wife I was giving her for Christmas , only 1.5 days before Christmas . Their ordering system is flawed , and I will never use them again .
 Did I say smell ? No , it 's more like stench ! OMG ! It 's so heavy , you can cut it with a knife ! And it smells cheap , reminds me of some old lady perfume ! It 's horrid ! If I could give it a zero or a minus , I definitely would ! Blah !
 I have used this fragrance for years . This is not the same fragrance . Has a rotten smell to it and makes me wonder if the bottle was n't filled with an inferior product . Buyer beware of this company
 Body lotion smells TERRIBLE . Face lotion stings on sensitive skin . Stay away !
 THe photo shows a high-quality , metal spout . What I got instead was cheap plastic . It keeps falling off the bottle , resulting in wasted product . Do n't even bother buying this ! It 's a total rip-off . I contacted the company , but they were unapologetic and did n't offer to rectify the situation in any way . Hope the few bucks they made on this deal is worth sacrificing their reputation .
 I bought this because someone I know used it on her hair and it was noticeably fuller . It did n't do a thing for my hair though .
 I have used this product for over 5 years and I like it . I have ordered enough of it to know when it is old and when it is fresh . Fresh works much better . I will think and shop around to get it somewhere else if that if their quality .
 This product burned my skin and left it red and crusty . Be careful if your skin is sensitive as mine is . And I used only a little dab as instructed .
 The color of this Rezamid was brownish . I 've ordered identical Rezamid in the past , and it has had a pinkish hue , which is more appropriate to my skin color . Also , when I opened this one , it was separated , oily or watery at the top , thicker at the bottom . I 'd hoped shaking it would solve the problem , but EVERY time I open it it , I have the same problem . The consistency is not smooth and uniform as with my previous purchase of Rezamid .
 I read on several blogs that this was great for cystic acne . I found that it did n't really work . It is also a really weird color to have on your face .
 I did n't bother to return it . I think I may just donate it to the salvation army.It seems rather cheap and so I do n't think it is worth putting on the wall .
 At first this product was great . I enjoyed the scent and it toned my skin . After awhile the product clouded up and the smell has kind of a sour smell now . I will not buy this product again although I will keep the bottle and refill with another kind of witch hazel . The bottle was the main reason I was attracted to this product .
 I was n't impressed by this product . It was too drying for my combo skin . I prefer aloe toners than the witch hazel .
 Let me start by saying I think this is a good product just not good for my skin type . I have oily/acne prone skin and typically only purchase oil-free products but I read so many great reviews on this product I decided to give it a try as I am trying to go more `` green '' in every aspect of my life - skin care included . The rose smells wonderful and the actual product feels very soothing over your skin . I used this product for about a week once a day and immediately began noticing my face getting oiler throughout the day . I started to break out -LRB- outside of the usual -RRB- and my pores were actually getting larger . Since nothing else in my skin care routine has changed yet I determined it to be Thayers , probably because of the natural oils and tannins . I stopped using this product and tried Dickerson 's witchhazel -LRB- oil-free but does contain alcohol -RRB- which has worked out much better for me . If you have oily skin I would not recommend this product , I really wish it worked though !!
 I bought this product mainly to use as a toner . I read that rose petals and witch hazel are great products for the skin . Well , after a couple of weeks use , I did not see any changes in my skin . I used the entire bottle and still I did not notice a difference . It smells good but perhaps my expectations were too high . I will not purchase this item again .
 I Love Rose Scent but ... I had to literally throw this away!The scent ... . was so STRONG ... it gave me a headache!I have never had trouble with any product where the Rose scent was too strong !
 I ca n't believe the toner I used was a deteriotaed one , until I used it up and recently bought another one which is colorless . The toner should be colorless , but what I received from this seller is milky white !!! I ca n't believe I bought it from amazon , I am so disappointed . I thingk I will need to do a lot more research before I buy something on amazon after this experience .
 I have nothing against this product but I really did n't like it that much .1 -RRB- It has a strong smell -LRB- it is n't a pleasant smell but I could handle it -RRB- 2 -RRB- It leaves my skin pretty sticky . -LRB- I read other comments and now I have learned my lesson -RRB- 3 -RRB- The smell dwells on my skin even after I put on my moisturizer.And for it also made my skin pretty itchy . But I think that 's probably because I might be allergic to something.I gave it 2 stars because it does n't stink as bad as some people said it does .
 I got this on02/21/2012 . Removed the seal on the cap , the inner seal as well , then twist the cap back the normal way . I was disappointed to find out it leaks ! Such an inconvenience !
 Remember the old cat lady down the street when you were growing up ? They took her , put her in a juicer , then put the smell into this Witch Hazel . Great for cat ladies , no so much for me .
 My friend recommended this product to me . Unfortunately I am allergic to it . After using , my skin was itchy . So I stop using it .
 I ordered `` Thayer - Witch Hazel Toner-Rose Petal Alc.Fr , 12 fl oz liquid '' . After I received it , I found `` 2007 Nov '' is printed on the bottom of the bottle.this is a really old old old stuff .
 I purchased this not thinking it would smell too strong . It does . I thought it would be a light and airy rose smell . It 's actually a really strong old rose smell . I want to water it down with distilled water or something to thin out the smell . Next time unscented for sure .
 I bought this toner based on its high rating score . The first time I used it , it caused me a little breakout . I thought it 's my allergic reactions to new product . The second time I used it , still breakout and a little allergic rash on my cheek . After the rash almost gone in a week , I used it the third time . Large area of allergic rash ... itchy , ugly looking , and dryout . It 's been over two weeks and still not get better . Not the right toner for me .
 After seeing all the good reviews , I decided to give this toner a try . Although I do like it -LRB- it has a nice scent and is very gentle -RRB- , I do n't feel that it made any significant improvements to my skin . Also , after a couple months , I found white particles floating everywhere in the bottle . I 'm not sure what this is , but it 's quite disappointing since I only used about a third of the bottle ... Does anyone know what this could be ? : -LRB-
 I actually think this makes my skin blotchier/reddier . Would not recommend ! I have combination skin with an oily t-zone . This would be perfect for dry/normal skin , but it did nothing with mind and only made it blotchy .
 I received a `` THAYERS rose petal witch hazel '' , but I saw `` 2007/11 '' on the bottom . After check previous reviews , I know I am cheated too .
 I thought this product would help prevent or heal up my acne prone skin . I rarely get break outs , however after a week of using this product , my skin broke out horribly , even in places it does n't usually get acne/pimples in . Completely wasted my money ... I guess for acne prone skin , do not buy . Maybe it is helpful for people who have skin that is not prone to acne already . It does moisturize . However in my case my skin got oily -LRB- even though it is never oily -RRB- and all my pores became horribly clogged .
 I am very disappointed with this product because I see nothing great . I used to use Bulgarian rose water purchased from amazon as my toner . It used to tighten my pores and give me a good fresh feeling . Also my skin looked great when i was using it . I tried this for a change and nothing great infact i broke out after using it . Not liking this product
 I believe other people may have had a better experience than me but if you are sensitive to strong fragrances , you may not like this . Maybe when I am a bit older I will appreciate a product like this ... just not now .
 I have never had a reaction to any facial products until now . The smell was okay , and I have been using it for about 2.5 weeks . I randomly get pimples . However , I now have little patches that are dime sized on my face . This is the onyl new thing introduced to my face , as nothing in my diet or anything else has changed . I do n't know if it 's old or what . I know Witch Hazel is fine , so it 's some other ingredient that does n't agree with me . Not a product I 'll be using again .
 Very very very strong scent . Could n't stand it and even my cat left the room when he caught a whiff .
 this product is not that magical , i feel uncomfortable when i using it , it do smells good , but it just does n't work for me .
 I bought it in Feb for others . I kept it unopen in drawer . I recently took it out and found that it was turbid ! I wanted to return it but I need to pay for the shipping fee . I think that I have to throw the bottle away .
 I was looking for a natural toner to replace my favourite Humphries - I saw that there were many good reviews for this one and considered buying it until I looked at the ingredients.It contains Butylene Glycol & Methylparaben which have been flagged by the skincare website as damaging and carcinogenic to skin cells.I am sorry , but this is just not natural enough for me .
 While I was excited to use this product , my skin does not like it . Having used it for 3 weeks , I have stopped as pimples have been appearing on my face more and more as I use the product , and my skin is much more oily than it has ever been before . It may work well for others but only did harm for me .
 I only have the deoderant out of this set , but I will never buy it again . After shaving my underarms , putting on this deodorant really stings . It 's also NOT an anti-perspirant , so it 's pretty uneffective and must be reapplied throughout the day . I would not recommend this product . Try Dove ultimate clear - I love the smooth cashmere - it 's the only deodorant I use now , after trying many .
 Not satisfied at all . This product is replacing regular Ionil which is apparently being discontinued by manufacturer .
 Dries your skin out worse than deodorant soap . Gets your skin squeaky clean , but not very gentle , I quit using a week ago and my face is still recovering ...
 I ordered a PREMIER JOURS PARFUM DE TOILETTE AND IT WAS A BIG BIG SWINDLE . In no place was it written that it was a miniature , And they said the weIght was 1 pound , so it was impossible to think that they were talking about a miniature bottle . I was sure it was the 1.7 oz bottle , and I received something ridiculously small , packed in a box the size of a shoe box . I feel totally cheated.And I will dispute this payment through my american express card.Lilian
 Once I put the brush under the faucet , it smelled strange -LRB- like a wet animal -RRB- . I thought adding soap would help take away the smell ... that only made it smell like soap and the strange smell . After using it twice I noticed many bristles laying in the bathtub afterward . The bristles also lost their shape and flattened out . When scrubbing my back the second time I felt a slight burn ... am I scrubbing that hard ? I do n't think I would reccommend this to a friend .
 Would be better if it was unscented . Way too stong an odor . That 's the risk you take when buying an item online that you 've never tried before .
 Similar to the other review found here , Eau Savage has been my favorite cologne for many years . Perhaps more importantly , it is my wife 's favorite cologne on me . Alas , it is getting harder and harder to find . I like the `` Extreme '' fragrance best of all . Recently I ordered some through the Amazon.com site via the reseller Perfume Emporium . I ordered `` Eau Savage Extreme
 Eau Sauvage Extreme used to be my favorite cologne . It is getting harder and harder to find . I was excited that it was available again . This bottle , however , was a big disappointment . It must have been sitting around for a long time . The oder was not at all fresh - indeed rather stale . Not attractive at all .
 I admit I made a mistake by buying a cologne without trying it first . But sincerely , the scent of this one really deserves de name Clean , but not for simulating a shower recently taken . It 's rather like a recently cleaned restroom . It smells like cleaning products , floor soap or things like that . I strongly suggest you to try this previously . I 'll never do this kind of nonsense again . Anyway , it 's a good product to splash on the bathroom as a home fragrance .
 i use this perfum for 4 years , but this smell is not the same , money poorly spent , directly to the trash . smells like burnt wood .
 i bought this because it got really great reviews , but no matter what formula i use -LRB- base coat/topcoat/timing -RRB- , its too soft , and easily smudges . It also chips just as bad as $ 1 Brucci . Worse actually . I 'm not impressed
 As I mentioned with the other Zoya color , Regean , this color is nice , but it 's not OPI ! They lack shine and consistency . The product started out okay , but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air , the polish started to thicken and clump . It 's added to the polish trash pile !
 I purchased a nail polish from Zoya 's website several months ago . I tested it on just one finger -LRB- my thumb nail -RRB- , it was a tiny bit clumpy , I just figured it needed to be shaken more next time before using it . I sealed up the bottle and put it with the rest of the polish I have.Fast forward to this past weekend , I tried using the same polish and this time it was EXTREMELY chunky . It did n't go on well at all and looked horrible . I shook it like crazy and tried it on another finger , and it 's still awful.so , I e-mailed Zoya through their `` contact us '' link on the webpage and waited patiently for a response . Today , they tell me to get rejuvenating drops and try using that , that I obviously did n't put the cover on tight enough -LRB- cause clearly I have no idea how to close a nail polish bottle ? -RRB- . After expressing my disappointment in their awful customer service -LRB- and hence giving them yet another chance to make it right with me -RRB- , the woman forwarded my e-mail to her supervisor who then told me that I 'm basically out of luck cause I did n't report a ` flaw ' in the first ten days.Skip this product all together , it 's not as great as it 's price tag says it should be , I 'd rather have formaldehyde on my nails and deal with a company that stands behind their products 100 % .
 I got my nails painted with this at a salon and when I took the nail polish off , my nails where yellow ! It took over a week for the color to go away and it really pissed me off . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This polish , in color Pippa , is the worst I have encountered by Zoya . It is thick and bubbly . It wo n't spread out and looks like Swiss Cheese as it dries . I have not been able to use it once since I ordered it . I like the seller just fine , but they do not except returns . Still , this is something I would have never paid for had I known . I was really looking forward to wearing beautiful bright yellow polish . I guess I 'll just have to wait a while , as I ca n't get this kind of polish where I live -LRB- I 'd try the Butter color next -RRB- -LRB- on an island -RRB- and shipping for one nail polish is ridiculous .
 This color looks pretty in the picture but it 's very dark and old looking . I returned it . Google images the colors before you buy so you know what the true color looks like
 This polish is awful . It somehow dries with smudges , even though I sat for an hour to let it dry and did not touch anything . Also looks bubbly when I look at it close up . Never again .
 The tone is great but I found there were cracks at the bottom of the bottle and the bottle leaks .
 I have very thick African American , natural hair . This did NOTHING to straighten my hair . I ended up with a big poufy mess .
 Oh how I wanted to love this product . Instead the rotating combs manage to tangle my hair more than normal . It works a bit better without it . It also get 's good heat although not too hot . I was not too impress with it 's overall performance .
 Read good reviews , but I have thick curly hair that I blow dry and flat iron . This product did not work at all at straightening my hair , its not even a good blow dryer .
 I really wanted to like this but it just does not work for my hair . It was awkward to hold and use and did not make my hair smooth at all . My hair was straight but very frizzy . My old conair 1874 dryer with attached brush worked much better than this and is half the price .
 As a person who has used this `` type '' of hairdryer for over 30 years , I have to rate this new product as so-so . While the design is innovative , allowing airflow through the rear of the device rather than the side -LRB- which sucks up hair and breaks it off -RRB- , it does not have the heat nor the wattage to straighten curly hair as effectively as other conair ` hairbrush stylers ' - i.e. a hairdryer that brushes through the hair . Other styler dryers are more effective with higher wattage -LRB- I 'm currently using another Conair at 1875 watts with brush attachment -RRB- and high heat settings , which is much more effective for straightening hair , however , does cause a great deal of breakage . The rear airflow is a much better solution to avoid breakage , but needs to have hotter temperatures to actually straighten the hair . My hair is EXTREMELY curly and I have tried most every hair dryer out there to blow it straight . This new product falls very short of my expectations , however , is on the right track for the perfect styler-dryer .
 The product does its job of straightening and shine , but I am thinking of returning this product . I lost lot of hair in the first use and am scared of using it any more . I have thin , long wavy-curly hair , May be its just my hair type , but just wanted to let you all know .
 I really wanted to like this product . I found it very cumbersome to work with . I think it is much easier to use a regular blow dryer and a round brush . Besides that , you still do not get that sleek look with out running a flat iron through your hair . The blow dryer is very heavy and if you have thick or long hair , your arms will get tired before you are done . Nice concept , but does not live up to the hype .
 I found this product very difficult to use . It always looks so easy on tv , but is not user friendly at all-and yes , I watched the `` how to '' video .
 I could n't wait for this dryer to arrive . However , when it did , I not only found it cumbersome to use , but it burnt my hair . I have thick , color treated hair which tends to frizz , and after using this dryer just once , I noticed my hair broke off . I shipped the appliance back to Conair promptly . If you decide to try it , proceed with caution .
 The commercial makes this product look easy to use , but it was n't . It was extremely awkward . The barrel is too short , and it 's difficult to pull your hair through the comb attachment and hold it there - there 's only high and low heat and the high will burn your fingers . I 'm happy for those of you who like it - but I returned mine for a full refund .
 If u have curly hair -LRB- which I do -RRB- this blower was impossible to get my hair straight . It looks very easy on the commercial when in fact it just frizzed up my hair and left it wild . I donot reccommend this product at all !!!!!
 I do not have use of one hand , so I thought this product was the miracle product I was looking for . Unfortunately , it can not be used with only one hand . Hair must be held in one hand while the other works the dryer . Damn !
 If you have slightly wavy or straight hair , the cost and complexity of this hair dryer are not necessary . I did a test and my hair looked the exact same when I turned my head upside down and blew it dry in less than five minutes and when I painstakingly used the comb attachment and blew it dry in sections for an hour . Guess I 'm lucky , so I 'm returning this for a cheaper , simpler dryer .
 This item did not work for me at all . Hair was frizzy & tangled , took FOREVER to dry & was NOT STRAIGHT . VERY DISAPPOINTED . If I had n't kept the product past the 30 day return period it would be LONG GONE from my home .
 Good for straightening , but the curling did not work . all it did was fry my hair . It only curls short hair , and I have long hair . Dissapointing .
 The only nice quality of this product is its color . Believe me . It does not straighten your hair as it claims , it just dries it . Plus , it is really , really heavy.Really , dont buy it . I wish someone had told me before buying this thing .
 Well . . this was interesting . After reading all the reviews I thought this was a great product . . Not at all . I is a very heavy dryer , the straightening attachment is crap , it would take 2 hours using this even if your hair is thin . . Since the air is blowing the air follicles way straigh from the drying instead of going with the `` grain '' of the hair you result in frizzy `` dry '' looking hair . I ended up washing my hair all over again BTW my hair is super process blonde hair and its wavy thick hair -LRB- I am white -RRB- so my hair is manageable and not dry or damaged at all . I ended up just useing the blow dryer as a regular drying and rouhd brush . . Doing the old fashion roller brush blow out . . My hair was softer though than using my other dryer . I will say that . . but did my hair looking 1/2 as good If I went to a salon useing the striaghtening attachment . . Hell no !! lol . . not even close . . so I give this a 1 star becuase its useless as what your paying the product for . . all its good for is using it as a regular dryer , but for $ 50 I would have bought a chi hairdryer . . :-LRB- . . oh well ... stick to blowing out your hair . Short cuts = a frizzy messs
 I can tell you if your hair is thin and bone straight ; buy it . If you have wavy or thick hair this item is :1 . Time consuming2 . A waste of your money
 When I purchased this product , I thought I would get a lot more for my money . I was disappointed because the results were n't like the ones on the infomercials . I have thick wavy hair , and it was n't a good straigtener . I still had to run my cheap iron through it and that worked even better ! DON `` T EXPECT MIRACLES !! Plus , its kinda loud and it gets very hot against my neck . Trust a flat iron instead !!!
 I have short/medium length curly hair . I thought this device would save me time and energy . It turned out that the prongs on this device did n't even catch in my hair , no matter what setting/level I put it on . In the end , after trying to futz with it for over an hour , I ended up having to still use my older hair dryer to blow dry my hair and flat iron . I returned this item right away for a full refund .
 This hair dryer is the worst . I 'm not a fan of ionic dryers but I thought I would give this a try . It looked great on tv . The piece on the end that 's supposed to grab your hair does n't . It 's the most important feature and it does n't work properly . It left my hair frizzy and overdry . My Wet 2 Straight flat iron by Remington does a much better job and leaves my hair soft and silky . Not the case here . Do n't waste your money ! I 'm giving it a 2 because you can still use it as a regular dryer without the attachment .
 Still have to use your straighten iron ... doubles the time it takes to straightn your hair.left my hair frizzy.Don ' t waste your money !
 I have no doubt that this works great for some -- specifically those with wavy or slightly curly hair but if you have very curly hair like me -LRB- sprial curls -RRB- DO N'T BOTHER . I have been blow-drying my hair straight since I was about 15 and i 'm now 25 . I 'm very good at it , I really do n't find it that time-consuming -LRB- it takes me about 30 minutes -- my hair is very curly but fine -RRB- but when I saw an ad for this , I had hopes that maybe this would be some sort of miracle product that would eliminate the need for a round brush forever ! The one thing about very curly hair and straghtening though , is that you need to spend a lot of time on the ends or you 'll end up with frizzy ends that look damaged even when they 're not . This Conair Hair Designer does NOT facilitate that . You have to hold the ends of your hair as you run the dryer through it , which means that once the dryer gets to the ends and you have to let go , no time has been spent straightening the ends . If you have very curly hair and can relate to what i 'm talking about , then just step away from the `` order now '' button . The attachement piece is supposed to grip hair firmly but it 's still not firm enough.On the plus side , this is fairly light-weight and does eliminate a step if you have fairly straight hair and just need polishing . Otherwise , save your money . I get MUCH better results with a round brush .
 A hair dryer with a round comb will do the work safer . I tryed this hair dryer and could not even finish because it just broke soooooo much of my hair , I could not belive . I returned at the same day .
 things I like about this product : given the power of this blowdryer , it 's really light and compact.it does do a good job at drying my hair overall pretty fast.things I do n't like about this product : it does n't straighten very well at all . my hair is somewhere between curly and very very wavy , and super duper thick . I recently cut some off so it 's a little past my shoulders now , pretty average length . I ca n't get enough tension so that it actually straightens . using the blowdryer with a round brush works faster and with better results -LRB- especially if you like a little volume and flip/curl to the ends -RRB- being that it 's a blowdryer you have little control over each section as opposed to a flat iron -LRB- picture stray hairs flying everywhere from the wind tunnel effect -RRB- . yes it says the attachment swivels around , but you have to actually stop , then unclip it and reposition it , very awkward to handle.I would n't recommend this as a product for straightening at all . decent blowdryer , but you could find cheaper ones for sure.the idea is good , but I just do n't think they 've really perfected it here
 OK . Listen . I am seriously heartbroken right now , because I REALLY wanted to love this thing . I have long , very thick hair with spiraly waves . I have been using the Conair 1875 Watt Styler Dryer for many , many years and have mastered the thing . I can truly create some serious straight hair magic in about 13 minutes . You may be wondering why then , if I loved my other dryer so much , did I decide to try the Infiniti Tourmaline Hair Designer ? I 'll tell you . Because the 1875 Watt Styler Dryer has a tendency to overheat on me just about every time I use it , which requires me to always have TWO on hand . I just do n't have the patience to wait for 5 minutes while it cools down , so when the first one dies half way through drying , I just use the 2nd one . Kind of a pain -LRB- especially when traveling ! -RRB- but still works.So , other than that minor inconvenience -LRB- having to use two dryers -RRB- , the 1875 Watt Styler Dryer has been a godsend for my hair . When I saw the Infiniti Tourmaline , I thought , `` This might be the answer to my prayers . '' It looked much more powerful and well designed and I figured that since the air vent was in the back , it probably would n't overheat . Well , it was n't all I 'd hoped for . Was it relatively easy to use ? Yes . Did it overheat on me ? No . Did it straighten my hair ? Yes . Did it straighten it as well as my 1875 Watt Styler Dryer ? Heck no . The ends were frizzy looking , it took way too much time to do such small sections at a time -LRB- my hair is very thick -RRB- and the end result was not nearly as good as the results I get with the Styler Dryer.So , I guess the bottom line is if you are a person who has not mastered another alternative of blowing your hair straight -LRB- other than paying someone to do it for you -RRB- and can only straighten your hair with a regular blow dryer and then a straightening iron and/or curling iron , this might be the product for you . It will probably do a better job than what you are doing now . However , if you -LRB- like me -RRB- have already found a tried and true way to blow your hair straight with great results , stick to what you are doing and do n't bother with this . In my opinion , it really is n't any better and is n't worth the money . Back to the store it goes .
 I bought this product for a friend who lives in Malaysia . I did n't know that this product would not have the support for 220V/240V sockets -LRB- like their other products do -RRB- . I contacted their support and asked if there is anything that could be done -LRB- change to a new product or anything -RRB- . They NEVER responded ! Some companies just want to sell and make money . They do n't care about their customers at all .
 I have long , thick , wavy hair and am always looking for ways to tame it as quickly and effectively as possible . I was hoping this would help but I sent it back within a week . The temp . of this dryer is EXTREMELY hot and it is very cumbersome to use . After `` straightening/drying '' my hair for 30 minutes I ended up with a burned neck , a sore hand and wrist , and fuzzy hair . I tried again over the next few days but I never found a way to achieve silky straight hair . So , for now I am back to using my regular hair dryer and my large barrel round brush . 20 minutes later my arms are sore but at least my hair looks great ! This product is simply not a miracle worker .
 There is no difference between this product and a regular hair dryer.It did n't straighten my hair at all .
 I purchase this product thinking that it would work for me since I have normal hair , not curly , or straight , but somewhat wavy , my point is that my hair is manageable . The air is not as hot as other dryers on the same price range . If you are looking for something that would help you finish your style faster , this is the product for you , but bury in mind that the results would be disappointing unless you have naturally straight hair . My suggestion is to go for a normal dryer . But if you decide to go ahead and buy it , I wish you good luck .
 Its not really that fantastic , actually its faster and easy to dry your hair with a conventional driyer . It burns your hair .
 This product is very difficult to use . The video they send makes it look so easy to straighten your hair . Ha Ha . It works if you have four hands . Do n't waste your money , just buy a $ 20 blow dryer and a round brush .
 I used this and my hair was a big ball of frizz . I was at work talking about it and my co-worker overheard me and told me it made her hair flat . Do n't waste your money .
 I do not like this product AT ALL . It is too bulky and awkward to use . A regular flat iron works much faster .
 While I enjoy the benefits of having a diffuser-type of blow dryer , I was disappointed in the ease of operation of the straightening/anti-frizz attachment . It 's pretty cumbersome and I 'm not sure it is any better than just using a round , alumnimum-based brush . In fact , if you are already using a round brush to take the frizz out of your hair I would recommend that you stick to that method . This type of attachment was just too difficult and ineffective for me to use.I still enjoy the quality of Conair 's products but I am sorry I spent the extra bucks for this one . I could have purchased a much-cheaper Conair dryer with a simple diffuser .
 My hair is very soft , fine , shoulder length , and just about the curliest hair you will find . My hair is also very thick . I found this product did not straighten my hair and left it 5 times the size it was before in frizz . I have a conair straightener that I abosolutely love so I thought this product would meet my expectations as well . Not even close . It might be however that this drier works better on thin , course hair that 's longer . Anyway , here was my step by step process :1 . I got out of shower and towel dried hair . I put in my favorite straightening product and then brushed it through .2 . I pulled the top section back out of the way and put the bottom sections in the dryer.Let 's pause for a moment . Right from the start it would n't cooperate . It 's difficult to handle and does n't grip my hair . The hair is just blown right out of the attatchment .3 . Continue , letting more and more hair down while putting it through the drier.When I was finished , my hair looked horrible . It was frizzy and not strait whatsoever . It looked almost as curly as it did before but 5 times the size in poof !! Later I had to go over the whole thing with my conair flat iron and finish the job and it looks as good as it ever does after I do that.The only thing that this drier does well is dry your hair .
 This hair dryer is not easy to use . The directions are not clear or helpful . I have shoulder length hair and have not been able to insert my hair properly in the tooth brush attachment . My hair is medium to fine which should make it very easy to use with this gadget . It simply does not work . It looks easy on TV commercial , but is not in reality . This was a waste of money
 The blowdryer works fine , but the straightener did not work at all for my hair . I have shoulder length hair , soft texture , spiral curls . This product did not work at all for me , but I think if a person only had wavy hair , or only slight curls it MIGHT work ... all I know for sure is that it did not work on my hair ... I ended up looking like David Lee Roth did in the 80s . Not what I was going for !
 The straightening attachment gets VERY VERY hot and falls offtoo easily . I was drying my hair and the attachmentfell off onto my lap -LRB- I was in my towel -RRB- and burned my legs.I can not believe Conair would allow such a design flaw . It isone thing if this hair dryer does n't straighten hair -LRB- I agreewith the other reviewers , the attachment doesnt seem to `` grip `` your hair enough to actually do anything . You might as wellbe using a clothes iron -RRB- but it 's an entirely different storywhen the product is dangerous to use . = 0
 If the length of your hair is medium or short , this blow dryer is useless . Do not buy it thinking that you have the option of returning it if you do not like it . Unfortunately the only way to get the blow dryer out of its packaging is by breaking the plastic casing .
 I love Conair and is the only product I buy when it comes to hair products . Blowdryers , brushes etc , but the Conair 208 Infiniti Tourmaline Hair Designer is a true disappointment . Not easy to use and I have more frizz in my hair than ever . I still have to use my flat iron after I use the dryer . I am sorry I threw the box out otherwise I would have return it .
 I purchased this item as a replacement to 3 other blow dryers I own . My hair is medium to coarse and very curly . I tried straightening a small strand of my hair for about 3 minutes and it did what it promised , however I felt that it took too long and it was not as straight as I wanted .
 I have medium length somewhat curly hair , layered on the top and sides , and I bought this item after seeing it on TV and looking at it on this site . Unfortunately , I 'm less than impressed . I think it might work better if you have long hair , or hair that 's pretty much all the same length , but it does n't really work for me the way it 's intended . The hair dryer itself is good , I like it , but when I put the attachment on it , it does n't cut it . I watched the DVD several times , but I 'm still not able to get it to do what it shows in the DVD . If it was n't such a pain to box it up and send it back , not to mention costly with the return shipping , I 'd do just that . Instead I 'll keep it for the hair dryer or find a friend with longer hair .
 I have never written an online review before , but I was so disgusted by this product I would love to save someone else the headache.What it is
 The head is built at a difficult angle to use , no matter what position I tried it in , and it 's a real pain to have to press in buttons and turn the head every time you come into the hair from a different angle . It 's also heavy to use at those awkward angles . The drying/straightening process may work very well , but I found it so difficut to manipulate while `` test driving '' it with the manual that I never actually tried in on my hair . I returned it .
 This did not do like they show you on the info on T.V.It was just a hair dryer with attachments to me . Do n't waste your money on it . It did not straighten my hair AT all . Thank goodness I got a refund . G.S. Okla. .
 I am returning this as it is incredibly difficult to use . Even though the head pivots , the L shape makes it hard to do flips or pull it out straight.This would be so much better as a wand design either completely rounded or even a long rectangle so one can more easily work with it .
 If your hair is thick and wavy and you want something to smooth it down , do n't bother with this product . It does n't hold thick hair at all well as the teeth are simply too far apart and too few for this hair type . The best that can be said for this thing is that it wo n't take up too much space when it goes into your drawer forgotten and unused .
 Horrible , terrible , ca n't hold it properly to dry hair . Do n't buy it !!!!! Tried it a few times . Have thick hair . Was n't able to maneuver itin my hand to dry hair .
 I 've tried many different hair dryers -LRB- I have thin , curly hair -RRB- and some work well , but this one was very disappointing . It looks cute and modern , but it does not straighten the hair as it `` promises '' . Not at all . One more time I read great reviews and was expecting a nice product , and ... not again . I do n't know if I should not trust the reviews or if I am just not very lucky . If your hair is wavy , curly and you want to straighten it with a hair dryer , this is definetely NOT the one .
 I found this dryer to be so heavy and bulky that it was very difficult to use . I definately would n't buy it again .
 I am a Black woman and I bought this thinking it would help me get my daughters natural hair a little straighter and more manageable . It did NOT !!! it took much longer to dry her thick natural hair and her hair did not flow smoothly through the attachments . It doesnt get hot at all , more like high warm at it 's highest setting . Those of us with natural hair know that when we are drying higher heat helps make the hair more manageable , even though your hair looses moisture with high heat Black people have to moisturize our hair so vigorously either way that it 's worth it since the moisture get replaced daily through cremes and treatments . I even used this to dry me hair weave and it did n't work well on that either . And that was Indian hair ! lol . I dont think this product well unless you have fine hair . I ended up getting an anndis blow dryer with a comb attachment
 It works just as well as a hairdryer and round brush so its not worth getting . It did n't save me any time , it was awkward , heavy and expensive . I watched the instructional DVD and read the instructions to make sure I was using it properly . I was still dissatisfied . I returned it and invested in a good quality straightening iron instead -LRB- the Conair Infiniti straightening iron works great ! -RRB-
 I am extremely disappointed in this product . I have very curly hair . This product pulled out my curls but DID NOT straighten them . My hair was poofy and frizzy . A brush and a blow dryer or a straightening iron do a much , much better job . I would NOT recommend this to anyone . They need to go back to the drawing board and improve the design of this machine .
 Too hard to handle , heavy and bulky . Used it twice , put it away for good .
 i bought this because it got really great reviews , but no matter what formula i use -LRB- base coat/topcoat/timing -RRB- , its too soft , and easily smudges . It also chips just as bad as $ 1 Brucci . Worse actually . I 'm not impressed
 As I mentioned with the other Zoya color , Regean , this color is nice , but it 's not OPI ! They lack shine and consistency . The product started out okay , but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air , the polish started to thicken and clump . It 's added to the polish trash pile !
 I purchased a nail polish from Zoya 's website several months ago . I tested it on just one finger -LRB- my thumb nail -RRB- , it was a tiny bit clumpy , I just figured it needed to be shaken more next time before using it . I sealed up the bottle and put it with the rest of the polish I have.Fast forward to this past weekend , I tried using the same polish and this time it was EXTREMELY chunky . It did n't go on well at all and looked horrible . I shook it like crazy and tried it on another finger , and it 's still awful.so , I e-mailed Zoya through their `` contact us '' link on the webpage and waited patiently for a response . Today , they tell me to get rejuvenating drops and try using that , that I obviously did n't put the cover on tight enough -LRB- cause clearly I have no idea how to close a nail polish bottle ? -RRB- . After expressing my disappointment in their awful customer service -LRB- and hence giving them yet another chance to make it right with me -RRB- , the woman forwarded my e-mail to her supervisor who then told me that I 'm basically out of luck cause I did n't report a ` flaw ' in the first ten days.Skip this product all together , it 's not as great as it 's price tag says it should be , I 'd rather have formaldehyde on my nails and deal with a company that stands behind their products 100 % .
 I got my nails painted with this at a salon and when I took the nail polish off , my nails where yellow ! It took over a week for the color to go away and it really pissed me off . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This polish , in color Pippa , is the worst I have encountered by Zoya . It is thick and bubbly . It wo n't spread out and looks like Swiss Cheese as it dries . I have not been able to use it once since I ordered it . I like the seller just fine , but they do not except returns . Still , this is something I would have never paid for had I known . I was really looking forward to wearing beautiful bright yellow polish . I guess I 'll just have to wait a while , as I ca n't get this kind of polish where I live -LRB- I 'd try the Butter color next -RRB- -LRB- on an island -RRB- and shipping for one nail polish is ridiculous .
 This color looks pretty in the picture but it 's very dark and old looking . I returned it . Google images the colors before you buy so you know what the true color looks like
 This polish is awful . It somehow dries with smudges , even though I sat for an hour to let it dry and did not touch anything . Also looks bubbly when I look at it close up . Never again .
 I do n't care for creams which sit on top and just slime . Also , I know this is a `` natural '' cream , but the yellow oil which rises to the surface is unpleasant to me . I tried to like this off and on for over a month . That said , a friend of mine really likes it . Too bad she is 3000 miles away , I send it to her . Instead , it 's washed out and the plastic in the recycle bin .
 A lay person has no ability to evaluate the amount or quality of ingredients in a product . My lay person estimation of the amount of calendula in this cream has to be skimpy . Calendula is a known itch killer yet this product produced not relief for psoriasis in terms of itch relief or reducing redness.The product leaves a greasy coating on the skin which transfers to clothing or bedding . It does n't seem to absorb into the skin as other creams do . The jar now gathers dust as it provided no benefit or relief for me beyond a gentle pleasant scent .
 I received the cream today . The seal on the jar was broken . Oil from the cream had leaked into the plastic bag it was wrapped in and the cream itself appears to have separated from the oil . Look pretty disgusting . Not very happy having paid $ 26 for thus
 Bottle was improperly packaged and arrived cracked on the top with shampoo oozing out . Part of the box was soaked .
 This perfume smells wonderful . What is a total bummer , especially since it is made by Dior , is that the perfume fades in a few hours . You need to reapply it . It does not last . I can buy $ 20 perfume that lasts all day . It must have a lot of alcohol in it and that is a rip off .
 This body lotion does not smell like the perfume !!! I was really disappointed !!! I love the perfume and it was a reason to get the body lotion , but it has another smell !!!
 I was extremely displeased with Phiou Offer 's Pure Poison fragrance . The fragrance is disgusting -- smells nothing like it should , has a stinky after-smell , only lingers about 10 minutes , and last but not least , the spray nozzle broke after a couple uses and no longer works . THIS IS CLEARLY NOT CHRISTIAN DIOR !!! I bought some Pure Poison today from Sephora -LRB- that smells fantastic , like it should -RRB- , and I compared the box , bottle , and fragrance to Phio 's , and they are definitely NOT the same . The quality of the Sephora product is superior . Do n't waste your time or your money at Phio Offer 's storefront !
 At first , it 's a beautiful floral scent , then it dries to something that gives me a headache . I can not detect what smell it is , but it 's not pleasant . I can not detect vanilla in this at all .
 I loved the smell in the magazines so I decided to get it . Well ... it was good at first ... and then I got tired . It smells a little cheap and sort of like pine . I sometiems use it , but let me tell you it smells good on your armpits -LRB- that 's what I use it for -RRB- . I think this smell reminds me of some kind of cologne that has been worn for tooo long .
 I was a little afraid to try this after reading some of the reviews , but the list of ingredients sounded wonderful so I gave it a try . I love it ! It 's surprising . It changes . On me , when I first put it on it takes on a white floral scent . When I first applied it , I was surprised that it seemed like a floral '' . . but hours later I was smelling Vanilla . I was very surprised to realize it was me ! VERY interesting ! Very cool ! Lighter than the Original Poison , it may become my Spring/Summer choice !
 This perfume deserves negative stars . I was in Macy 's when I saw this fragrance on the Dior counter . The bottle is gorgeous , and I really like Hypnotic Poison and Miss Dior Cherie , so I figured I would give this one a try . I really should have smelled directly from the bottle before spraying it on my skin . It is HORRIBLE . White floral scents are generally not my thing , but I can usually tolerate them . This was the worst perfume I ever smelled . It 's way too powdery and it smells so cheap . I was stuck with it on my wrist all day and it kept making me sneeze . Disgusting . Not worth the money at all . If you want to buy this scent , I would recommend buying Dove Deodorant Spray instead . It 's much cheaper and smells exactly the same . I wonder if it really is the Dove Deodorant but repackaged ... hmm ...
 Bought this because it was advertised as non-acetone . So it would be safe on my acrylic tips , however , the first listed ingredient is ACETONE !! I 'm not sure why that is , but obviously not what I was looking for ... as far as an acetone remover , it has a less offensive smell than pure acetone , and is more gentle that the pure , but if it was acetone I wanted , that 's what I would have bought .
 I 've been dying my hair every color under the sun for years . After hearing a friend rave about Manic Panic , I thought I 'd give it a try . The color came out very flat , and was not rich or vibrant at all . And , it looked extremely washed-out after only two shampoos.To be fair , there are a lot of brightly-colored dye brands out there , and many others I 've experimented with have been far worse . It 's a challenge to find one that comes out vivid and shiny and actually stays for a few weeks . I would recommend Special Effects , instead .
 The jar pictured here is NOT for green envy . It is a DARK green , not the neon and bright colour you would expect . This jar is `` Electric Lizard . ''
 Received it as a gift from an aunt in Asia . Apparently , they do n't sell this in US anymore . Scent is nothing really special . It smells a lot like other colognes in the market . One can say that it smells quite cheap , and strong at first . Scent does not last all day either . No one ever offered any compliments . I think I am gon na stick with Lacoste Essential .
 I have received a different Harley Davidson from the seller and there has been no response to compensate my claim as i paid extra forwarding cost from US to Malaysia.Thanks but no thanks
 This eyeliner is suppose to be waterproof and it smudges so easily ! Is n't waterproof suppose to not smudge or move at all ? This gives you raccoon eyes .
 Color
 I really liked the fragrance except when I wore it , it made me itch and I kind of broke out with a rash . I had to toss it .
 bought this thinking it would be refreshing , relaxing , far from it tho . The washer broke immediately and had to be altered so as not to leak . The water flow is very weak and slow , boring-not refreshing . I have great water pressure too . Replaced it back with a typical shower head and can now once again take a quick shower and feel refreshed and rinsed off !
 Worthless , no water flow , had on 1 day and removed and took to the resale store
 leaking in the first joint , but a little tape fixed it . You get what you paid for !
 I was really excited to get this thing , but it is cheap and it shows.The first joint is really hard to tighten -LRB- the part with the wingnut looking thing -RRB- . My thumb hurts from trying to tighten it , but even then , if you bump it , it 'll come downward.I finally get to the point where I think it 's tight enough and I turned on the water . It started leaking in the first joint and after 5 seconds it came crashing downward.I 'm hoping I can get a refund .
 I really liked the fragrance except when I wore it , it made me itch and I kind of broke out with a rash . I had to toss it .
 This product seemed to have good reviews I used it and noticed nothing changed . I was not very impressed and would never purchase it again .
 I really liked the fragrance except when I wore it , it made me itch and I kind of broke out with a rash . I had to toss it .
 These things were really cheap plastic material.The casing was too small so it had been squished in.I could n't get it to straighted out so it 'll fit over my eyes.Pretty worthless and not even worth the money to send back ...
 I was hoping these would fix two issues I had with my current goggles - pinched nose bridge and hard cups too close/on the eyeballs . The bridge is fine on this product , but the cups are hard and dig into my eyes and hurt . I also bought Ilidz Tanning Goggles , and those were great !
 I ordered these as part of a 8 week LED light treatment I 'm having to take daily . The lights are quite bright and blink twice a second which is uncomfortable even with my eyes closed . First , the Super Sunnies that arrived were not black or red like the photo but hot pink ; my least favorite color and not something I really want to be seen wearing . Second , they 're rather narrow for my eye distant . And last and most frustrating is that they do n't block out nearly as much light as I had expected . My regular pair of sunglasses do better ! The only reason I 'm giving it 2 stars is that my sister said she could use them .
 These are completely worthless . All the other critical statements are true
 these goggles are okay but i do wish they were more comfortable ... & the pictures are much different from the actual product ... i got a bright red pair & the little circle in the center , or `` lens '' if you will , is black so you pretty much look wicked scary when you 're wearing them-then again ... if you 're in a tanning booth , no one should be able to see you anyway . i just wish i got the black pair ... there should be an option to choose what color you 'd like . that 's all .
 This item has a great price . However , that is the only thing good about it . I was expecting something better . The goggles were not good quality and do not sit on your face well at all . I thought it might just be my face at first , but after letting two of my friends borrow and use them they experienced the same problem . Being an everyday tanner I do keep my goggles in my purse , they broke . I have always kept my goggles in my purse in the past -LRB- even plastic ones -RRB- and they have never broke . Overall , I was extremely disappointed .
 The expression `` You get what you pay for '' is very true with this product.These goggles are cheap . That is because they are the `` Made in China '' mass produced item available in lots of thousands for only a few dollars . These googles , being charged greater than one dollar , is too much.First , you do not have a choice of what color the send you . It is an assorted random selection . Second , the black tint to the lenses do not block out as much sun as you believe they should . The eye pieces are sharp and dig into the eyes yet do not do a good job of completing a seal which means quite a bit of sunlight still gets through . A cheap pair of sunglasses polarized from a brick and mortar store available for just a few dollars do a better job of protection.These goggles are cheap . I was expecting that but I was at the very least expecting them to be functional . These do not really get the job done and , for the price being charged , it is insulting.Not worth the price or effort . Not a recommended product .
 Too small . The light is NOT shielded from my eyes . I ca n't use them and I have to use the Community pair .
 I tried this product because I wanted something that was unscented and also something that I had hoped would help with frizz and did n't have some of the bad stuff I had been reading about that was in other products . Well , this does n't have the bad stuff , but it does n't have anything really good in it that I can tell . It is definitely unscented , but all it did was completely strip my hair of whatever natural oils it did have in it and left it feeling terrible.I also used the corresponding shampoo and what a mistake the two products were . I used them just once and it took a week of using my regular shampoo and conditioner and leave-in products to get it back to a somewhat `` normal '' state . My hair felt almost burnt.I will say that I gave both shampoo and conditioner to my daughter whose hair tends to be a bit oily and she likes it . My hair tends to be dryer and it was awful . I guess because it takes away all the oils , it makes hers feel better , but if your hair is more neutral or dry , this is not a good product to use . There is no warning or suggestions for use with it and there should be .
 This conditioner is NOT the same Desert Essence Red Raspberry conditioner I bought in the store -LRB- even though the name is the exact same -RRB- . The tube is slightly different too -LRB- the design and fonts on it -RRB- . So either this an older version of this conditioner , OR this is a fake.Go to Whole Foods or any other natural food store and buy the REAL Desert Essence Red Raspberry shampoo and conditioner and I bet you will be impressed with how great it is -LRB- I never thought a super market brand would be good -RRB- . It makes my hair shiny and smell great . Not many shampoos / conditioners make my hair shiny . I have very fine , slightly damaged hair.THIS , sadly , is not the same conditioner . The difference is 100 % noticeable . The bottle , consistency and final effect are not even close . Completely different formulation . Not recommended AT ALL . However the original is highly recommended .
 This is a typical bad knockoff - the packaging is perfect an the product sucks . These people should be thrown off of amazon , but there is no amazon contact to whom I can follow up . DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE
 This eyeliner is suppose to be waterproof and it smudges so easily ! Is n't waterproof suppose to not smudge or move at all ? This gives you raccoon eyes .
 Color
 The shipping was quick . The color was listed as khaki , not so . It was very very light , almost a cream color . Disappointed .
 I 'm used to buying it at a Salon and for whatever reason this appeared to be old as it does not blend like it always has before when you get a scoop out of the container , some of it blends but some is very sticky and wo n't spread thru hair !!!
 I 'm 22 yrs old and a beauty consultant at Ulta recommended I try this for my dry acne prone skin . I 've been using this for a month now and I do n't think its anything special . It 's just really expensive . I can get a similar product using Purpose 's SPF moisturizer at CVS .
 Dermalogica is a great product and you ca n't beat the price Amazon has for it.Amazon stands by their guarantee and I appreciate their service . I will always shop through Amazon for products because of their fast service to insure you receive the product you ordered on time .
 I had a bad reaction to this product . My face broke out into a red bumpy rash , stung for two days , it got so dry and rough , and it all finally ended with a few nice blemishes !
 Contrary to the claim , this Spray shine-on is not ideal for all hair types . I have fairly curly ringlet hair ... and frizz galore ... so I 've become something of a frizz expert and I 'm here to tell you that this thing does n't minimize the frizz much if at all . They claim it gives a serious shine ... and yes ... it gives some shine ... but I did n't see anything miraculous to write home about . It just made my hair feel like I was adding build-up . You would be much better off with the Alterna Rapid Repair Spray ... the price is 3X ... but so the payoff is even more than that .
 I have used Dermalogica for many years and have used the Clearing Skin Wash for at least 2 years but something was wrong with this shipment.The formula did not foam up at all . Like it was old or was n't the correct ingredients . I will not buy from this one again . I will make sure it is a legitimate Dermalogica store from this point forward . Waste of money -- which this stuff is rather expensive . Make sure you buy from a good salon or seller .
 I am pretty disappointed in the Clearing Skin Wash by Dermalogica . I have had a lot of success in preventing acne breakouts and improving my skin 's texture and color with the Anti-bacterial Wash by Dermalogica . I could not find any in the big pump so decided to try this one out instead . I am back to breaking out again and the texture of my skin is not at all what it was with the Anti-bac . wash !! I am really disappointed and frustrated as I spent quite a bit of money on it ... all to discover that it does not work for me at all . I really do n't care for the scent either . I can smell the Tea Tree Oil in it and I 'm not a fan of its aroma . Bummer .
 I received my product today and was very disappointed . The picture made it seem like I was going to receive a 16.9 oz pump bottle of the product but ended up with half that amount . Falsely advertised . I am going to return it today .
 I bought this because my sis told me that it helps her eliminates blackheads.Actually I 've been quite worried that it could be too dry , and I 'm right.My skin is quite sensitive and a bit dry , this product made it worse.It should be good for oily skin with acne prone .
 This product has supposedly replaced Dermalogica Antibacterial Wash. . I used the anti-bac for years and it has been perfect ! It 's kept my breakouts in check and is great for overall tone and complexion . The Clearing Skin Wash actually seems to put more oil in my skin ! My skin turns pink and feels oily right after I wash . I feel as though I have to wash my face again after I put my makeup on . This stuff is just awful . I 'm very upset about this because now I have to go to another skin care line to find a good cleanser for oily skin . This is n't the first time that Dermalogica has `` improved '' a product and made it unusable for people with oily skin .
 I ordered this product just before leaving the country on vacation with the intent that hte package would be there when I got back . Ordered on 8/20/12 , today is 9/11/12 and the product `` has not shipped '' . Now I have to cancel the order and get from somewhere else since I 'm completely out !
 This is a great product , but this seller needs to either fix the photo or list the product size in the description . The product is 8.4 oz , not 16.9 oz as pictured !
 I had high hopes when I purchased the Dermalogica Medibac kit which is designed for adult acne but after using it for several months now my acne has not gotten any better . I have this face wash , the clearing mattifier , overnight clearing gel , and the sebum mask and use them all exactly as directed . I also get once a month facials with extractions and I use the sonicare face brush as well.I have had moderate acne since my preteens and now I am in my late twenties and still have breakouts that range from cystic acne to black heads and white heads . I have large pores and combination skin that is very oily in the t - zone area . I know that some products take long to give you the full effect so I was patient with these products and after two full size bottles of the face wash with little to no improvement it is time to move on . It is very frustrating to try product after product both prescription and over the counter with little improvement but I am determined to find a regiment that works for me . I am now going to try their clay based wash after reading the great reviews and I really hope this will offer me some results . I will post a review on that in a few months as well . Fingers crossed it works for me .
 Picture shows a pump on the bottle -LRB- which is the only reason I ordered it online -RRB- and it did n't come with one ! I could 've gone to the store to get this ! Disappointed !!!
 IT DID N'T HELP MY SKIN AT ALL . MY DERMATOLOGIST SAID IT 'S JUST LIKE THROWING MONEY AWAY . DO N'T RECOMMEND TO BUY
 I have been using this product for years and since the last bottle I purchased on amazon , my skin is inflamed and broken out . I did notice a funny smell when I first received the item , but overlooked it . I have heard that you should n't trust certain products if not bought from original store ie ; dermalogica.I am very disappointed as this is my first experience with amazon that the product was altered or is a fake!Will not purchase again .
 I can not believe a dermatologist charges $ 32.00 for a product that is basically mineral oil plus food coloring ! I returned it when I read the ingredients and bought a bottle of mineral oil for $ 2.99 . Psoriasis is a heartbreaking condition-to take advantage of someone 's misery and sell them this snake oil is a sin .
 A website shows that an item is currently in stock and it takes a seller 4 days to send you a cancellation of the order message . I was in a rush to get this product as a gift , and since Amazon is reliable was trying to get it here - though you can get it a bit cheaper from other websites ...
 Hair was still oily and smelly after using this shampoo . I alternated using this and another shampoo until it was gone . I then switched to a baby shampoo which is still mild , but seems to actually clean my hair and scalp .
 This free and clear hairspray was recommended for people who break out from regular hairspray use . I have been very unhappy with it . I do not see any difference in it and regular spray . I would still like to find something that would not irritate my neck .
 I hope this will send psoriasis into remission . I have used it very little , however . So far no results .
 Hello , I used the old formula of this shampoo for years and loved it . I have sensitivities to chemicals and this shampoo never gave me a problem . Then they decided to change it . I immediately knew there was a problem because my hair felt like straw ; very dry and brittle . Then I started to have terrible headaches from it . I am so sorry they had to mess with a great shampoo . I wish they would go back to the old formula .
 I used to love this product . I have to avoid most of the ingredients this product keeps out - fragrance , parabens , etc. so finding a product that worked was wonderful . the old formula left my hair and scalp feeling & looking great . But recently the formula was totally changed - virtually ALL new ingredients . Using the shampoo left my hair like straw and my scalp and skin broken out and itchy . what a disappointment ! Back to searching for something that works .
 I was disappointed . Refreshing tingle and smell but left a residue on my scalp -- the opposite of what I expected .
 After reading so many glowing reviews of this fragrance , I just had to try it so I ordered a couple of sample vials . I was elated when it arrived & was deflated after I spritzed it on ! Could it be true ? I waited a while & yes , that initial reaction was still there . While I can appreciate the complexity of this fragrance , from the top note to the drydown , it is well crafted . However , what I did n't anticipate was that this fragrance would be an `` instant ticket to OLDLADYVILLE . '' Wow ... unfortunately , I could never wear this .
 This does not have the scent of 24 Faubourg by Hermes , which I have worn for years . I think it is very old or is not the real deal . I returned the product for a refund , they got it last Monday , I still have not received the refund .
 More money wasted on a product that claims to reduce the under eye puffiness and dark cirles . Tried the product for over 3 months morning and night , it did not work .
 I must be the exception to the rule with this product . I only have occasional under eye puffiness and no dark circles , so I thought this would be ideal . The first night I used it , I thought my under eye puffiness actually looked worse afterward . I figured it was my imagination . The 2nd time , I definitely noticed an increase . The third night , I decided to use it under one eye , but not the other . Sure enough , the eye that did not have the gel looked normal the next morning , while the eye that did have the gel looked extra puffy . I threw the gel away . I 'm just glad that it did n't cost too much . Now , I hope my eyes return to normal .
 I bought the whole set after watching some videos online ... wow I was very disappointed I ended up returning the product as the color I received was not natural and did not go on as even as I thought ... I would not waste my money or time again !
 I got the Dark Sensation version which , according to the manufacturer , would give my natural olive skin color a much darker shade ... not really . This product may work for someone super white , but not for me . It smells like any other sunless tan lotion , and it has been the most difficult one to remove from my hands after application . I think I am better off with the Victorias secret one for $ 12 I was using . It gives me a much darker color , and it is easier to remove form my hands .
 Sun Laboratories Dark Sunsation Self Tanning Lotion 8 fl oz.As with other reviewers I found the color of this product to be better than average . The objection that I have to all the Sun Laboratory sunless products is the SMELL ! During the application , the odor is not too unpleasant , however the next morning after a shower you realize the odor has intensified and is quite unpleasant ! I do n't know any way around this very unpleasant side effect . The only product that has an okay fragrance is the moisturizer . I made the mistake of buying $ 130.00 worth of Sun Lab sunless products based primarily on other users reviews . Wished I had tried the free samples offered on Sun Lab 's web site first and would suggest anyone considering this product as a first time user to do the same . I am one week out from my first application and still have a very unpleasant chemical smell which intensifies as I work out . Several showers later and lots of scrubbing have not made a significant improvement . Until you know how this product will react with your particular chemistry -LRB- how it is going to smell on you -RRB- I would use with extreme caution particularly if you have a social event coming up that would put you in very close proximity to others .
 I feel like it is my duty to inform my fellow pale faces about this self tanner . I bought it , and I bought it wholesale from a different website so I have a 32 oz bottle of it , and I paid about $ 50 . I was SURE this was the one . I had read hundreds of reviews , and I was so certain that this would end my quest for the perfect fake tan . I.was.wrong.So I am naturally extremely pale , and I do n't tan easily in the sun , I pretty much just burn , peel , then go back to being white . And I freckle extremely easily . And get moles . I also have keratosis pilaris . So all those problems make for skin that turns orange easily , and that does n't hold a fake tan well , and shows streaks.I tried out this self tanner on my leg , just a spot and I thought it looked good , so I took the plunge and I did my entire body . I put it all on before I went to bed , then when I woke up , I showered . I looked like an oompa loompa , no joke . It was n't necessarily streaky , I think it was pretty even , but it was such a BAD color !! You should have seen my feet-granted , I proooobably should n't have put it on my feet ... and my hands were just as bad . It was splotchy on my face though . I just ca n't work with this self tanner , it just does n't work for me ! And it does have a smell , it 's not as bad as most self tanners , but I could smell it for quite a while.It faded in about a week . But it took a little longer than a week for ALL of it to go away . I would not recommend this tanner to anyone . I think the people that gave it such rave reviews must be tan already , or they must tan easily or have olive skin tones , I do n't know , but it sucks !! DO N'T BUY IT !!
 Like all Laura Mercier products I 've tried , this shimmer stuff did n't deliver . It 's very shear . It 's like putting air on your face . If you want to pay $ 38 for air , then go ahead and buy it.I do n't get the hoopla of this brand . As a makeup artist , I have tried several of their products but after buying this I will never buy Laura Mercier again.Honestly , you will get more value for your money with a drugstore brand . Those products are closing in on the department store brand gap.I think all your paying for with Laura Mercier is an image and expensive packaging.You have been warned !
 I 've had sparse brows for years and was hoping this would finally be the product to give me some regrowth . Unfortunately after almost two months of use I saw nothing .
 In fairness , I have n't actually tried this product . However , I think that all of these products that claim to regrow your eyebrows are a joke . I am a biologist ... eyebrow hair is different from any other type of hair on the human body . If the follicles are damaged , there is nothing that will restore them . Ask any doctor or dermatologist . I 'm not trying to be condescending toward anyone . Ten years ago when I was in college thin brows were in , so I overplucked mine as well . It took about two years -LRB- no joke -RRB- for them to grow in nice ... although I did still pluck some strays in the middle and way underneath . Even though they are a lot better now they still are n't the same as before I started messing with them . What really makes these products a sham -LRB- even latisse -RRB- is that if you stop using them your eyebrows or lashes will go back to how they were . My advice is to use some olive oil ... put it on your fingers and rub it into your eyebrows really well . Although it does n't make new hairs grow , it conditions and strengthens the hair that you do have left . Castor oil works the same way .
 I have tested this product and have been disappointed.I applied it as recommended and after 6 months of use , I have not seen the smallest difference in hair growth.This said , it shapes the eyebraw rather well , and makes them look glossier.It exists with a mascara tip as well for eyelashes , and I have tried it with the same results . I do continue using it though , not for hair growth -LRB- I have found the right product for lash growth that I wear at night -RRB- but to protect my eyelashes from mascara . I have no proof that mascara may be damaging to the lashes -LRB- most of them have conditioners I beleive -RRB- but i have the feeling that used daily after many years it probably does n't do them very much good ... so protect them with one coat before applying my mascara now , just to be on the safe side .
 I bought this fragrance because i saw the good reviews , but it smell bad and it is away too strong for a woman . it smell like cheap fragrances . fortunately i bought just the smallest bottle they have . but I 'm giving it to someone else . i just ca n't stand to this weird smell .
 As I mentioned with the other Zoya color , Regean , this color is nice , but it 's not OPI ! They lack shine and consistency . The product started out okay , but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air , the polish started to thicken and clump . It 's added to the polish trash pile !
 I purchased a nail polish from Zoya 's website several months ago . I tested it on just one finger -LRB- my thumb nail -RRB- , it was a tiny bit clumpy , I just figured it needed to be shaken more next time before using it . I sealed up the bottle and put it with the rest of the polish I have.Fast forward to this past weekend , I tried using the same polish and this time it was EXTREMELY chunky . It did n't go on well at all and looked horrible . I shook it like crazy and tried it on another finger , and it 's still awful.so , I e-mailed Zoya through their `` contact us '' link on the webpage and waited patiently for a response . Today , they tell me to get rejuvenating drops and try using that , that I obviously did n't put the cover on tight enough -LRB- cause clearly I have no idea how to close a nail polish bottle ? -RRB- . After expressing my disappointment in their awful customer service -LRB- and hence giving them yet another chance to make it right with me -RRB- , the woman forwarded my e-mail to her supervisor who then told me that I 'm basically out of luck cause I did n't report a ` flaw ' in the first ten days.Skip this product all together , it 's not as great as it 's price tag says it should be , I 'd rather have formaldehyde on my nails and deal with a company that stands behind their products 100 % .
 I got my nails painted with this at a salon and when I took the nail polish off , my nails where yellow ! It took over a week for the color to go away and it really pissed me off . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This polish , in color Pippa , is the worst I have encountered by Zoya . It is thick and bubbly . It wo n't spread out and looks like Swiss Cheese as it dries . I have not been able to use it once since I ordered it . I like the seller just fine , but they do not except returns . Still , this is something I would have never paid for had I known . I was really looking forward to wearing beautiful bright yellow polish . I guess I 'll just have to wait a while , as I ca n't get this kind of polish where I live -LRB- I 'd try the Butter color next -RRB- -LRB- on an island -RRB- and shipping for one nail polish is ridiculous .
 This color looks pretty in the picture but it 's very dark and old looking . I returned it . Google images the colors before you buy so you know what the true color looks like
 i bought this because it got really great reviews , but no matter what formula i use -LRB- base coat/topcoat/timing -RRB- , its too soft , and easily smudges . It also chips just as bad as $ 1 Brucci . Worse actually . I 'm not impressed
 This polish is awful . It somehow dries with smudges , even though I sat for an hour to let it dry and did not touch anything . Also looks bubbly when I look at it close up . Never again .
 Being very fair and living in Phoenix AZ for 25 years , I know about sunburns and sunscreens . I have always been very careful about protecting my kids from the sun . I bought this product because I could not find my favorite sunscreen , Blue Lizard , at a local store . My 13 year old recently received his first EVER severe sunburn while using this product . If I could give this product 0 stars I would . Do n't waste your money ! I am going back to using Blue Lizard Sunscreen - I found it here at amazon .
 Shorts out to quickly ... owned many never last long . . I have found that the cord connected the the iron some how shorts out over a few months
 I have hot tools everything but this was the worst I have ever bought . The purple paint comes off in the hair and I 've only been using it for a month :-LRB- very disappointed would n't recommend .
 I got this shaver for Christmas after having problems with Braun 's Synchro cleaner . After not shaving for a couple days it takes forever to get a close shave . It does eventually shave close but misses longer , softer hairs so I wound up with little hairs scattered all over . It also pulverizes your beard and redeposits the shavings on your face ... this morning I looked like I worked in a coal mine after my 10 minute -LRB- yes ... TEN MINUTES ! -RRB- shave . The pop-up trimmer was also worthless trimming sideburns and trying to catch those missed hairs mentioned above . It 's MUCH louder than my Braun , you ca n't shave with it plugged in ... the only good thing about it is comfort . . and if you have 10-15 minutes to shave it does eventually get you a close shave .
 I got this razor for Christmas in '06 and was excited about all I had heard about it . It does do a good job of shaving close and not leaving razor burn or irritation . The problem comes when you use it for a few months and the trimmer starts to pop up while you are trying to shave . I eventually -LRB- after only 4 months -RRB- had to remove the trimmer . By 8 months the foils were breaking down and getting gashes in them , and I do n't press very hard when shaving . I emailed Remington 's customer service 3 weeks ago with this information and have gotten NO reply . I would at least expect them to replace this razor with a new one since their beard trimmer is defective and pops up every time I shave . NO response as of yet . Bottom line ... it is far too expensive for this type of failure and lack of customer service .
 Remington does not present a true representation of this product on the box . Namely , this razor will NOT run while connected to an outlet . If the battery runs dead , you can not shave . Please note the amazon representation above that there is a 5-minute reserve battery is also false . Both features , the 5-minute reserve and the running from cord feasibility are both true only for the more expensive MS-5200 series .
 When I first bought the Remington 5100 I was quite pleased - it cut well and gave me a smooth shave . However , it has this annoying habit of slicing through the foils after about 4 or 5 weeks . As it cuts through the foils it pretty much trashes the blades . I took it to a remington shop and I was told that this was ordinary wear - and so I can only report that Remington is not really very durable and is want of frequent part replacements . Good razor when its working but with a fairly high need for maintenance
 This razor barely shaves my face . I shave every few days and my scruff is rarely very thick but this shaver fails to get it . I have to use it for over five minutes to get a good shave but I do n't since that long irritates my face . With my old trifoil razor I got much better results .
 I have shaved with four generations of Remington foil shavers -LRB- Over 35 years -RRB- , and I have loved them . Not this one . It does not shave as close as any of the previous shavers . They were always noisy , but this one is really noisy and feels cheap compared to the older models . The small third head has half the cutters and really does not work well . More important , the shaver is harder to clean than any of the previous versions , and this was always a drawback . The manual is silent on whether you can clean it under the facet , but it does not look like you can . Also , it does not run while plugged in ; it only runs on the battery . The manual advises that you run the battery almost all the way down before recharging it . Of course , if you do that the quality of the shave you get deteriorates as the battery dies , and when it does die you have to wait 8 hours till it recharges to shave . I always liked these shavers , but this one is a real bad design , works poorly , its noisy , and feels cheap .
 I received this razor several years ago as a gift . It shaved well , but it recently broke . The latch that holds the shaver head on is merely a 2 thin ridges on each side that eventually wore out . I attempted to replace this part by calling Remington . They told me no fix is available , and I must purchase a new razor . The razor was perfectly good up until this happened . So I followed Remington 's advice , and bought another razor , but NOT A REMINGTON ! My new razor -LRB- Norelco -RRB- is much quieter and has a lithium battery . It shaves closer -LRB- I feel -RRB- and is more solidly constructed . This razor works well but has design flaws . There are better razors out there for the bucks .
 A couple months after purchasing this remington ti ms5100 , I noticed that it became painfull to shave . It feels like it is grinding the hair from my face and I dare not use it on my neck again . I had to switch back to my 2 year old panasonic that while low on power , it is quite quite sharp -LRB- atleast sharper than the remington -RRB- This is my first and last remington product . I just placed an order for a newer panasonic.Remington MS5100Pros
 I have had the Remington MS 5100 for a few years ; Postiives : - Decent closeness of shave - Easy to hold ; nice grip and design - Easy to cleanNegatives : - Beard trimmer sucks - awkward design , not easy for around ears or neck - Third foil that extends out sucks -- pulls hairs , not shaves hairs - Battery duration/ife drained quickly ; requiring use while plugged in - Battery is irreplaceable !! Argh . So , now , when I travel , I have to take the cord and ensure I have a plug near a mirror . - The razor is TOO young to be at the end of its life . Pisses me off . I got 2 to 3 years use out of this razor before it ended up in a state where my previous 2 Brauns took 6 to 7 years . I 'm going back to Braun.My users manual is copyrighted 2005 . I bought it new in either 2005 or 2006 . Well , it is fall 2008 , and my battery no longer holds a charge . I 've unscrewed the components , only to discover that the battery is not replaceable ! Argh . Previously , I had two Brauns which lasted me over 6 years each .
 The product is excellent for a couple of weeks . Then the little nib of crayon or whatever is used up and there is no way to make it extend out to use any more . It 's encased in plastic and ca n't be sharpened . There seems to be a serious defect in design here . I would n't buy it again unless there 's some way to screw the contents further down the tube .
 Received this today and it is way too sweet . It smells VERY similar to Jessica McClintock perfume . My mother happens to wear Jessica so `` Happy '' will be going to her for Mother 's Day . I will say that it lasts a LONG time -LRB- kind of making me sick -RRB- . I sprayed it on to test several hours ago and it 's still going strong , just like the Jessica McClintock .
 I have used the Revlon Ultima II moisture lotion for years and unfortunately it was discontinued recently . I will miss that product a lot ! I used this Revlon Eterna 27 cream as a hopeful replacement on my face and found that it burned my eyes quite a lot . Do not plan to use it again .
 This is the older version of this pencil without the built in sharpener not with as described . The picture for the product is so tiny and can not be enlarged to realize that a much older pencil is being purchased . Also the taupe in the older pencil is not the same as in the newer version . Very disappointed in this purchase .
 I ordered this product because of the good reviews , however it just did n't work for me . Maybe I just do n't have the right skin for it . I applied after showering and exfoliating but received very little if any color - i applied 1-2 times daily for 3 days with very little noticable tanning . It might work for some but it did n't for me .
 I am a very pale person , so I thought I would try this product as it clearly stated that it was to `` build a tan '' , that it would not streak or turn you orange . WRONG !!!! There is NO WAY this gradually adds colour to your skin . I am BLOTCHY AND STREAKY AND ORANGE !!! Even the girls at the Tim Horton 's drive through noticed how bad it was -LRB- it is so bad I am using drive-through because I wont get out of my car -RRB- I did everything I was supposed to , I used exfoliant made specifically by Neutrogena for pre-self tanner , I used a downward motion to apply the creme , I even let it dry properly , but having my arms and legs propped up and letting it airdry for 45 mins -LRB- although it says it dries in 5 -RRB- . It may work for those who are already dark , but 100 % did not work on me properly .
 ... they mean it . could barely notice any color change after two applications . so if subtle is what you 're looking for , you wo n't be let down . just too subtle for me .
 I 've been using Borghese Cura C for years . I love the product , however , I have to question the seller and their price . On every other site I 've checked this product retails for 68.00 dollars . Their price is listed as half that which makes me wonder how old it is . I fell for this one with Beautyrose and the product was rancid . I did NOT receive any resolution after a flurry of emails and I will never buy Borghese from them again .
 I bought this for my boyfriend who has a horrible cuticle biting habit . He said the stuff tasted nasty , and it probably would have done the trick if it did n't make his nails bright and shiny . He said there was no way he could attend client meetings with his nails painted , so he picked it all off and refused to let me apply it again .
 This product did n't work for my 9 year old nail biter or my 4 year old thumb sucker . The 4 year old did n't even notice it on his nail . The 9 year old said `` at first it tastes bad but then you get used to it really quick and it 's not so bad anymore . '' I 'll be spending the money for a better product next time ...
 It 's nothing more than clear nail polish , which I could have bought locally for a lot less and not had to pay shipping .
 So I decided to try this after loosing a different product . I was disappointed to find that this product does not have ANY bitter flavor , or anything to dissuade you from biting your nails . This is a very thin product also and does not last long before washing/flaking off . I would not recommend this product .
 I am trying to stop biting the skin around my finger nails . I rip them apart on a daily basis until I am bleeding . I got this to try to stop and it worked for the first day or so because I was afraid of tasting the stuff . Then I caught a finger in my mouth and ... there was n't much of a taste that bothered me . This did NOT work for me . I noticed on another review here someone mentioned some stuff called `` Mavala Stop '' and that apparently that worked for them . So I went to that and bought it . As I waited the few days for it to arrive I continued ripping my fingers apart as usual , then it arrived today . I put it on , and within about two hours caught myself licking my finger after eating something delicious . That stuff tastes NASTY !!!!!! I had to run and get orange juice to wash the horrid taste away . I definitely recomment Mavala Stop !!!! Mavala Stop , 0.3-Fluid Ounce
 I ordered this for my eight year old daughter who bites her nails . This did not work at all ! She said she could n't taste anything and it did n't prevent her from biting her nails . This was a complete waste of money . The `` Mavala Stop '' product worked much better . -LRB- A little too well -- if she was n't careful she would taste it when she ate food with her hands ! -RRB-
 Well , I bought this product for my daughter who has been biting her nails pretty much since birth . She did n't even hesitate to continue biting her nails when I put this stuff on her .
 As my title for this review states , IT DID N'T WORK FOR ME ! I am desperately trying to stop biting my finger nails , and this was the first product I tried . The product description -LRB- and statements from other people who liked this product -RRB- states that it works wonders and will turn you cold turkey in no time . It does not have a nasty taste or smell at all , and it comes off your nails easily after a days use . I tried a different product , `` Mavala Stop , '' and it is marvelous , for it does everything that this product does n't . Mavala Stop is worth the extra three dollars you 'll spent purchasing it , unlike the Bite Ender , which I want my six dollars back for .
 My 6 years old picks this product like it was glue . Create a film around it that with a simple wash gets removed.Didn ' t work at all .
 You send me an email stating this item was available , then I go to order it and you tell me it is not available ... Very dissatisfied
 SAVE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE , ITS SO WATERED DOWN THAT YOU WO N'T EVEN RECOGNIZE THIS ANYMORE . SAVE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY FOR SOMETHING THAT IS WORTH WHILE THEN HAVING SOMETHING YOU CAN GET AT THE 98 CENT STORE LIKE THIS !!!!!!!
 I ordered online since it was unavailable locally . It smelled Rancid . As if I had been cooking with moldy grease . All in all a very horrible experience . I remember this in my younger years as sweet and fresh and clean . What I got was Nasty .
 Purc in June 2011 . Opened at time previous bottle was finished on Dec 27 . It was horrible . Appears to have been old and turned to alcohol . Wrote to vendor through complaint system on Amazon . Doubt I will get a response from vendor , but at least I have satisfaction of warning others . I made this a one star , but really a zero.New - BLUE GRASS by Elizabeth Arden EAU DE PARFUM SPRAY 3.3 OZ - 119149
 I purchased both the Revlon lipliner in NUDE the Revlon # 070 NUDE Lipstick.Both are aweful . Don ; t waste you good money on the Nude SHADES .
 I purchased both the Revlon lipliner in NUDE the Revlon # 070 NUDE Lipstick.Both are aweful . Don ; t waste you good money on the Nude SHADES .
 I purchased both the Revlon lipliner in NUDE the Revlon # 070 NUDE Lipstick.Both are aweful . Don ; t waste you good money on the Nude SHADES .
 I purchased both the Revlon lipliner in NUDE the Revlon # 070 NUDE Lipstick.Both are aweful . Don ; t waste you good money on the Nude SHADES .
 I work in a hospital and must wash my hands many times a day , which leaves them dry , itchy , cracked and bleeding . However , I have very sensitive skin that reacts to many topical allergens and lotions . I have previously used the Vaseline Intensive Rescue Healing Hand Cream with great success , but it is no longer carried by my local provider so I tried the Moisture Locking Lotion today . The first time I applied it the backs of my hands almost immediately broke out in a painful itchy rash . I thought that might have been a fluke so I waited for the rash to clear up and tried again about six hours later . Within 30 seconds I again broke out in a rash , even more painful this time . I will be taking this back to the store tomorrow and ordering the Healing Hand Cream online . This may be great for those with normal skin , but if you have very sensitive skin do n't let the `` hypoallergenic '' fool you .
 I purchased both the Revlon lipliner in NUDE the Revlon # 070 NUDE Lipstick.Both are aweful . Don ; t waste you good money on the Nude SHADES .
 I have been looking all over for this product . I was a little disappointed on paying so much for so little .
 I read a lot of negative reviews about the purchase of high end , expensive perfumes at Amazon Website ; however , since this one was being sold by amazon.com itself , I decided to take a risk . I am extremely disappointed with this purchase . The fragrance is so subtle that even a person standing one foot away can not appreciate it ------------ and that is immediately after putting it on ! Complete waste of money .
 You should be ashamed selling this crapola.I will never buy from this vendor again . I have purchasedplenty of fragrances from Amazon and ebay . This producthas been tampered with , I can literally see that thebottle was opened because there are little pry marks on the bottom.The scent literally wears off by the time you get out the door.Amazon should give you the boot !
 I had a small amount of cologne left in a bottle of Emporio Armani which I purchased at Macy 's a while back . I compared the smell of the Macy 's bottle and the one I received from Amazon . The bottle from Amazon is not nearly as strong as the bottle purchased at Macy 's . I 'm wondering if I received a counterfeited bottle . Wo n't be purchasing this bottle again from Amazon .
 I 've bought this cologne before and really liked it , but the most recent sample I bought from the Perfume Emporium smelled like some cheap no name brand . I do n't no if my sample was an old bottle that was past it 's shelf life or it was watered down , it may have been in the right container but it was n't the same cologne .
 I would say this is a safe smell , enjoyable , clean and not overwhelming . I found it generic , many other fragances smell alike . In my opinion projection is low , as well as duration . I get 4-5 hours on my skin . Good for work I would say , unoffensive.The bottle is poorly made , the sprayer started failing and the liquid started to leak . I had to change the bottle in less than a week . Since the bottle has this strange design it 's not possible to know where the failure is .
 I purchased both the Revlon lipliner in NUDE the Revlon # 070 NUDE Lipstick.Both are aweful . Don ; t waste you good money on the Nude SHADES .
 I was worried that this was the case when I purchased them . I was looking for the little marble-sized balls of oil , these are not them . Not worth paying the shipping to return . It would be nice if the description of the product had been more helpful !
 you know , i live alone and i enjoy a hot extended bath with the bubbles and all that jazz , and this just did not do anything for me , and i 'm not saying i should have better understood the product , but i found what i wanted in shop rite , for example , and normally i would go all draconian on me to first finish up all this stuff , but i got no pushback from my conscious when i chose this new product and decided i did n't even want to mix them . there is nothing objective about this . i 'm not saying it 's a terrible product . i 'm just saying it did n't give me any joy .
 We ordered the above item . Remington All That Quick Curl Setter - H1015We received the following item
 I purchased both the Revlon lipliner in NUDE the Revlon # 070 NUDE Lipstick.Both are aweful . Don ; t waste you good money on the Nude SHADES .
 IF YOURE PAYING MORE THAN $ 2.50 FOR THIS ITEM , YOURE GETTING RIPPED OFF LIKE I DID ... DO THE RESEARCH ON THE PRICE OF THIS ITEM ELSEWHERE ... I WILL RESEARCH ALL FUTURE PURCHASES MUCH MORE CAREFULLY . BEWARE !
 I wanted to throw it away . The color was too light -LRB- ordered it in black -RRB- and even with eyeliner sealer -LRB- La Femme too -RRB- , it never stayed on . Bad product for a good brand .
 This is not a product I would recommend . Smeary and almost no lasting power . Funny - the other La Femme product , the drops to make cake eyeliner liquid , I WOULD recommend . Too bad all La Femme products are not equal in quality .
 Received the bottle containers and was NOT impressed . I was looking for something that would be difficult to open on its own as I often take liquids and gels in my luggage for travel . The open/close lids on the bottles are flimsy . Also , I am unsure what to do w / most of the the nozzles included w / the bottles . Most do n't even the bottles ! Would not purchase these again .
 bottles have to be under three ounces to pass airport carry-on security . too bad . be careful , or they 'll take your products .
 These things are , at least for me , a nightmare . I am an experienced roller user and these things tangle in my hair like no other roller I 've ever used .
 Product has the consistency of a liquid , not a cream . Making application very difficult . I have contacted Anthony to determine if the product I received was defective , with no response .
 I am rather upset , I went to highlight my hair today , and in the box it didnt come with enough product to even cover my whole head ! and i have shoulder length hair ! if you have shoulder length or longer hair , find another product , this hardly comes with enough for one side of a head !
 I buy it but on the advertisement there is no indication that it was a tester , I should tell the customer if it is a tester , It make me made a mistake and I have to spend extra money to buy another one that was not a tester .
 I really did n't care for this perfume at all . The notes were extremely masculine to me , and frankly I did n't feel there was anything too unique about it . I think Burberry in general smells wonderful on men , but I have yet to find a perfume of theirs that I would wear .
 I really like Burberry The Beat for women and wanted to try Touch . How far off could they be ? Night and day . I like more sweet smelling perfumes . This one totally reminds me of Axe deodorant . It 's very woodsy . To me it smells way to masculine to be a female perfume . Nauseating .
 The brand is fantastic but after purchasing from this supplier I 've noticed all their products are expired . My face broke ou after a few uses and I have been using Ultracalming for over a year now with no problems before . It 's best to pay the crazy prices at the stores that supply Dermalogica .
 I needed a decently priced everyday perfume , and after reading all the good reviews on amazon I got this perfume -LRB- though not from amazon , d n't think that makes much difference -RRB- . But the perfume is not at all good . First of all , when you spray the scent is too strong , it is after a couple of minutes -LRB- > 5 -RRB- then the scent gets better , that too if you sniff really close to where you sprayed . A person next to you ca n't smell it at all.And after a an hour or so , the scent is not at all there.I would not recommend anyone this perfume .
 Terrible lipstick ! Very , very sticky feeling on the lips , and it smears easily . It immediately got on my teeth , and was still there even after I brushed my teeth ! I had to use eye makeup remover to take the lipstick off my teeth . True to its name , it does stay on , but that 's not a good thing when it 's so sticky and messy that you ca n't wait to get it off . I 'm a big fan of Colorstay products , but they missed the boat on this one .
 After using this product for nearly a month , I see no improvement in fine lines or elasticity , however , I now have acne . The product feels great when you apply it , but your face feels dry later and needs another application . In addition , I have developed acne . I know new products can cause acne , but typically after a week it clears up . The acne did not clear up for me . I plan to throw out and go back to neutrogena products . I am also using the night shift . I 'm not sure which is causing the acne , but I assume both .
 After the first use , the smell of anything medicinal was gone the soap was like a regular ole bar of soap.Does nothing for me.I guess the sulfur and Dead Sea Minerals was in the first use . Right now its like blah , blah , blah and no action .
 Not so good No . I want this soap . Has no interestNot so good No . I want this soap . Has no interest
 I purchased this soap hoping it would help my very dry diabetic skin.No such luck.I do better with shea butter products.The big problem with this soap however it that it smells like low tide.Not only on my body but the entire bathroom smells so I 'm going to have to chuck it .
 This did n't help me at all , it made my face worse . My face is very oily so I thought it would help . This soap actually dried it out so bad , it made it even more oily . It also burned my skin like a sunburn . It might work for some , but it hurt my face .
 I did not see any improvements using this , but it smelled nice . I used black soap and it works wonders .
 When I researched for a natural soap containing sulfur , this was one of the the ones that made me curious enough to buy . Wrong idea ! After a few days of usage , my mildly affected acne face broke out intensely with cystic and painful acne . Very weird due to the fact that I use DDF 's sulfur mask weekly and Proactiv 's sulfur mask maybe once a month with no problems/irritations . Soap smells great , was yellow . . not white as pictured and did nothing but ultimately break me out . I will stick to Dudu Osun 's black soap -LSB- ... -RSB- that really works for my combination acne skin and is very cost effective as well . Also , the soap box does not disclose the percentage amount of sulfur at all on its packaging as it does in the product description -LRB- 3 % supposedly -RRB- listed here on Amazon .
 I got this to treat acne , however , it dries skin and does not seem to have any beneficial / therapeutic advantage . Does n't seem to benefit keratosis pilaris either . For about 10 dollars - a total waste , with nice packaging .
 A bit more irritating to the skin than other sulfur soaps I 've tried . I prefer the brand Sulfo-lo instead , which contains 3 % Sulfur . Also , the Adovia soap is yellow in color , not white like in picture -LRB- not a big deal -RRB- . Smell is better compared to other sulfur soaps .
 I fell into the hype and ordered a bar , after a few showers I threw it away . It made no difference in my skin , rather than smelling like rotten eggs . The soap actually dries you out a bit . I would only recommend this if your dermatologist says you need it . Otherwise dont fall into the hype .
 This purchase arrived well after the notified delivery date of May 15 , 2009 , and was damaged . ICoco Mademoiselle by Chanel for Women 3.4 oz Eau de Toilette Spray contact the Seller to inform them that the glass bottle of Coco Chanel Mademoiselle was broken and its contains has drained from the parcel . mind you , I have to date never opened the box , however , due to the obvious leakage of perfume I contacted the Seller via email . I informed the Seller of the above and request a replacement bottle . I have NEVER recieved a reply to this request .
 Friends , if there such a thing as `` age reversal '' or a fountain of youth , I 'd be right there by that flowing spring filling my jug . But , to my knowledge there is not a fountain of youth nor is there a cream capable of age reversal.At best an eye cream moisturizes , serves to hydrate and some firm skin around the eyes . But there should be no pulling and tugging of that delicate area , and this cream must be `` worked in . `` I do n't think so .
 I have been using this oil for the past six months or so since my hair was in a bad shape . There are some visible areas on my scalp where there has been a considerable hair loss . I was very diligent in my use of complexe 5 oil , but thus far have not seen any effects . In fact , I have experienced further hair loss . I understand that there are several reasons for one 's hair loss , and may not be treatable by any one product , but I think this product is overrated and very pricey for what it claims to accomplish ; it did not live up to its promise . This is like any other hair oil and may be substituted with other cheap , affordable alternatives such as olive oil , coconut oil , jojoba oil , almond oil , etc. .
 I bought this with a kit . This stuff was just not worth it to me . But unlike the others I can not stand the smell . It is very strong and gave me a headache so I could not really leave it on that long . My scalp did feel conditioned though . But if you are sensitive to strong smells be aware that this stuff may bother you .
 This product felt like it was burning my scalp when it was on a couple minutes . Got worse with water And I had to rinse a lot until I could get it alll out and the burning stopped . I do n't have sensitive skin and have a pretty tough scalp And this was a miserable experience . hope I can get my money back .
 The seller has sent me the wrong items , which are two bottles of complexe5 with essential oils -LRB- $ 42x2 = $ 84 -RRB- that are cheaper than the two bottles of complexe5 that I had paid for -LRB- $ 45x2 = $ 90 -RRB- .
 Over 75 % of the bristles in this brush seem to be plastic . In my opinion , it should be labeled a wooden brush with plastic bristles which includes some boar bristles .
 Not even a week of using it and the bristles have already started falling out . :-LRB- I was looking forward to having this brush for awhile .
 This brush was no where near what I was looking for . I initially asked for a dubl duck brush with nylon bristles . It was more trouble sending it back than keeping it . So ... I kept it .
 More plastic than boars hair . Description states one hundred percent boars hair but i would say it 's ninety five percent plastic .
 I bought this because we have well water & I thought that this may be one of the reasons my hair is so dry . This stuff is awful . It smells bad & when I used the shampoo and then rinsed it out , it made my hair feel like a haystack . After using the conditioner , it did n't make it too much better feeling . When drying my hair , I did not notice any difference in my hair 's texture & it certainly did n't help make it soft , shiney or manageable . I will not be buying this again .
 I recieved this item and it was not the item that is pictured . It is a different bottle with a plastic top and does not smell like the original fragrance , therefore leading me to believe it is an imitation . There was no way to return the product either .
 One-use only . Plastic lid designed to completely break apart during first use so unable to use for travel ... or even more than once since no lid and deceivingly small amount of product . Worth about $ 2 not $ 12.93 -LRB- Item Subtotal : $ 8.99 Shipping & Handling
 Fleurissimo By Creed For Women . Millesime Spray 2.5 Oz.This is my favourite daytime perfume , I wo n't wear anything else , so you can imagine that my nose is quite honed to it 's smell . My usual site that I buy from was out of stock & because I had run out I could n't wait & ordered from 99perfume through Amazon.When it arrived it was well packed & the packaging , bottle looked right . However when I sprayed it , it smelled stale & musty ... unbearable . It also looked a very deep yellow ... which I though was n't right either.It cost me 111.00 . I ended up having to go into my local town centre & purchasing another bottle from John Lewis at the princely sum of 153.00 ... and good enough when I compared it to the other one , the one from John Lewis was a lovely pale straw colour.I had to rate this product otherwise my review would n't have gone through but believe me , it does n't deserve even one star . Buyer beware & buy from a trusted source .
 Its fake , do not buy !!! You can not return this product once you receive it.I have been using armani code for years and as soon as i opened the box , i realized this was fake , not genuine product.Scent is awful and when i contacted seller about this , they did nothing.Now i am left with garbage product , dont waste your money .
 This stuff smells like the powder that your barber or hairdresser brushes on your neck after a trim . It 's a discriminating taste thing for sure but I 'm not remotely impressed and doubt I would wear it . My girlfriend was equally unimpressed I will likely re-gift it if I can find someone that appreciates scent . It the type of thing I would use for funeral , not I night on the town and certainly not to look for a woman . It 's very popular with stellar reviews , my guess with men over 55 though . To be fair though I hate that powdery smell on a man or a woman many people find it pleasing .
 Was so disappointed ! Gave it to my boyfriend for Christmas . Noticed that when he would use it , the smell would disappear quickly . I would definitely say , that this product was not the real stuff . I would buy at the store from now on .
 I ordered from Amazon LLC after reading negative reviews from third party sellers.For starters , the package had clearly been opened and resealed.The cologne reeks of rubbing alcohol , with absolutely NO other scents.Don ' t make the mistake I did , spend the extra $ and go to a dept store !!! Unless of course you 're in the market for a $ 60 bottle of rubbing alcohol .
 Armani Code By Giorgio Armani For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 2.5 Ounces perfume disappointed me . It is not strong and its odor last for a short time . It is the worst I have .
 This is not the real cologne , it 's a knockoff from China . I know because I have the real stuff from Arman -LRB- and about 30 bottles of other real colognes -RRB- . I gave this as a present to my brother for Christmas . When he opened it , it was leaking everywhere , the top was faded , and the box itself had Chinese markings on the inside lining where the glue previously held the box together -LRB- but had opened due to the leaky bottle -RRB- . The lettering was also a dead giveaway . It was glued on and crooked , like some kid assembled it.DO NOT BUY from this person . Fake cologne knock off .
 To my surprise I received a cheap copy of the fragrance CODE from Armani . I got suspiscious when I unpacked because the plastic was thicker than usual . I then opened the box , which smelled strong and weird . It had linked in the box . Looking at the bottle and its cap I realized that the bottle and the cap were all scratched . Also , the word `` CODE '' was not written in pure white , it was more like a beige , which is usually a sign of copied product . A bit despaired , I took the bottle to a parfum shop to compare the odor with another CODE . It was obviously different!I then wrote to the Amazon and the seller who wrote me back quickly and were very sorry about my bad luck . The seller asked me to send the bottle back and promised a full refund . He will works it out with his supplier.I know many people are happy with their purchase -LRB- that 's why I decided to give internet a try -RRB- , I guessed I was just unlucky ?!
 I bought the 3.4 ounce Emporio armani perfume for women by georgio armani . However - it smelled like rubbing alcohol when I got it . The bottle was identical but there was no serial number like the real Emporio has on the bottom . Also , the bottom of the bottle had glue sticking out from it like someone opened the bottle , refilled it with something else and glued it back shut . I have worn this fragrance my whole life and this is definitely fake - probably right from China - beware ! I went to post a review about this but suddenly the product disappeared from this sellers collection of perfumes !!! I got a refund ... but lost S+H charges ... DONT waste your time or money !!!!
 I have bought Armani colognes from department stores in the past and they were all great . The scent stayed on for the entire day after you wore the cologne in the morning.I bought Armani Code and a couple of other colognes from Amazon and they all seemed to be watered down . I noticed the difference immediately after wearing them and the smell did n't last for even a couple of hours . I wo n't buy colognes from Amazon and rather stick with department stores such as Macy 's .
 I bought this for my husband and its not a keeper ! The scent is way to strong . . Almost overwhelming ! It 's not a sexy scent at all .
 HORRIBLE !!!!!! It is not the real thing . I am shocked that they can sell this on Amazon . I am honestly reconsidering ordering anything from here . It looked legit , but once my husband opened the bootleg product he realized that the word CODE was stickers that came right off . It does n't even smell like it . . I am furious . DO NOT PURCHASE this product unless you have tons of $ and just like giving money away to crooks .
 I know what Code smells like , and what I got was notan authentic bottle of Armani Code . Please beware ofthis dishonest seller.The packaging is real enough , but the product is phony .
 I purchased the 3.4 oz bottle . This is NOT armani mania . The packaging all looks good , the bottle looks good . But what is inside is a product that smells kinda of similar to Armani Mania but it is watered down and alcohol smelling . This item is either 1 -RRB- a fake rip off or 2 -RRB- opened some how and then deluded with alcohol.Either way this is a complete scam and a ripoff
 After reading other reviews on this product , I believe that something is wrong with mine as well . This is not the Armani Mania I remember . The smell is way off and the product does not last . Maybe there is a storage problem or something . I would hope that this is not intentional . Waste of money for me .
 Your title says that `` Mens Designer Cologne by Giorgio Armani , -LRB- BLACK CODE EAU DE TOILETTE SPRAY 4.2 oz + On Sale -RRB- - @Up To 55 % Off '' but the price is 58 dollars . Since a regular price at a retail is around $ 85 , you discounted the price by 35 % . Let me know when the price will be dropped down by 55 % ; otherwise , why waste everyone 's time and give a false information ? Are you hoping that people wo n't do the math and notice ?
 I just bought this yesterday through amazon , I am not sure if this is original or not , but it just smells like after shave lotion and dosent last long . Package and other things are all fine.Dont buy this if you are looking for some thing special.Dont buy this if you dont want to waste your money.A cheap after shave lotion smells better than this .
 Smells great but the first time it shipped I received the wrong product . The second time it came it was leaking , but at least my gym bag does n't smell like sweaty socks anymore . I highly recommend the product just next time I will be buying it from a store nearby .
 I read the good reviews about this cologne and decided to get it for my husband as a gift . I never smelled the scent , so I was taking a chance . After wearing it , he smelled like sweet cooking spice . We thought maybe the smell would die down , so he went to work with it on . He said that people kept asking who was wearing cinnamon scented cologne while he was there . He knew it was him , but he did n't say anything ... LOL ! I do n't like it because of the constant smell of cinnamon spice which reminds me of strong Big Red gum . I kept getting queasy , so we just decided to throw it away . Maybe his body chemistry just did n't go with it . Overall , If you like the smell of pumpkin pies on your skin , then I would suggest this . If not , do not buy this scent . And from now on when it comes to scents , I will have to sniff before buying .
 Not like Code at all . Barely noticeable even when spraying for the first time . I just wo n't reorder this again .
 I received this in my newspaper this morning . I opened it up and it smells very womanly . I could not believe it is a mens scent ! It smells similar to CK One a female relative of mine wears . The Roca Wear X cologne I bought on a whim recently smells exactly like this Armani Code . If you want something quite manly Drakkar Noir or Lacoste are still good choices .
 Guys , remember
 The box had white strips in it , the barcode was taped over and the bottle smells like aftershave . All around a true fake . Do n't bother .
 I have never tried an Armani product before , but when a couple of friends at work wore this perfume , I had to buy one . I take special interest in the way I smell and thought this would be worth it . Inspite of being suggested to buy at another online store I bought it here . I am sorry to say this seems to be an aftermarket/duplicate version that I received . It has no top , bottom or middle notes . It does n't stay at all . I never bothered to return this . But be careful
 When i received it , it was broken . The box of parfume was wet . I lost some amount of it .
 Half-strength at best . Some is cheating . I 've been using this product for years and the last one I bought `` stinks ! '' -LRB- pun intended . -RRB- It 's all alcohol and no fragrance - someone is diluting the fragrance and charging too much for a bogus product . I wo n't buy this from anyone but a dept. store now .
 The plastic head was broken , even the smell it does n't seem it is the original , I will not buy from them again , I still have it on the table , did n't use it .
 I bought two bottles because I thougth women will be crazy about the smell . Why would I think that way ? Reviews from all over the web . Nobody ever asked me what I am wearing when I used it . Nevertheless , the jet black bottles are cool to look at .
 I did not receive the item I ordered . I ordered the eye opener that was pictured and received Pacific Coast . Husband not a happy camper .
 I like the Bare Escentual products , but this blush/all over color is far more orange than pink as indicated in the photo online .
 I have been a Bare Minerals user for years , and ordered this product from seller.The product I ordered , was much smaller than the size that was advertised on the website.I contacted the seller and they were unable to process my request for the correct larger size/refund .
 I purchased this in clear radiance and it has virtually no color at all . I also felt like it makes my pores really visible . It does , however , give a soft finish effect similar to the mineral veil . But I absolutely HATE the glitter ! I think glitter should be limited to the `` pretend '' makeup that girls under age 6 play with . I think this was a waste of money which is really disappointing since I love all my other Bare Escentuals makeup . I 'm going to give it 2 stars assuming the other colors are more visible and maybe less glittery .
 For the price of this stuff I actually expected something good . . dont waste your money . You ca n't even tell its on and if you have to reapply your make up later on in the day you cant put anything on top of this or it will make it `` cakey '' so your sorta stuck with it for the day . You better off just buying normal blush at the drug store .
 I would love to review this product , but I never did receive it . Very disappointed and hope that I have not been charged for it .
 I thought , from reading the other reviews , that this color would be OK for me but it is still way too dark . I will probably need to dilute it with something else . I have medium fair skin .
 Very nice on the face but no color and not much radiance .
 This product did not provide the `` clear radiance '' I was looking for . My skin is medium to light with yellow undertones . This almost looks like pink eyeshadow . I 'm not sure at all how the `` clear '' description applies.I have to use it very sparingly and mixed with other powders , otherwise , I look like a disco queen .
 I have used bareMinerals for years , and like many of the products . The overall face color has not been very natural looking on my skin tone . And today , using one of the bisques , I ended up with microcuts on the right side of my face and nose . Am wondering what is going on .
 I was n't so sure about the quality of the product when I received it with a missing top , which is necessary to use Bare Minerals product . I do n't know if it was intended with no cap or it was a human error .
 I liked the product , it made the contours of my face more pronounced . It gave my face a healthy glow
 The bare essentials name is misspelled . The id , ego , and super ego are names from another brand , and unlike bare essentials makeup this is not a mineral powder its makeup that cakes . It made my face break out . Buyers BEWARE
 I bought this at a local store but it was called '' # 30 Darkest Brown Sweet Cola '' not '' # 30 Soft Black Sweet Cola '' as it is stated on Amazon . I 'm not sure if I got an old/new box and they changed the name because of the results people were getting or what . On Garnier 's website it is still listed as Darkest Brown . If I was looking for Soft Black I might be satisfied because my hair did turn out black ... which was not what I wanted . Luckily my features can carry black hair but if they could not have I would be pretty devastated . I 'm hoping the color will fade a bit but I 'll probably re-dye it with a different brand and hope to add some brown depth . This hair color is very one note , very flat and not rich at all.This was the first time I 've used a Garnier hair dye and it will be the last . Not only was the color too dark -LRB- for the box I got -RRB- but it also turned my hair into hay . I should have known better because their shampoo does the same thing to my hair and I 've thrown out their products before . But everyone is always raving about their dye so I gave in . There was nothing nourishing about the conditioner included either . I could tell it was doing nothing to help my hair while I was trying to massage it in . Once I was out of the shower I had to use spray in conditioner in order to brush my hair out without feeling like I was tearing it apart . I 've been conditioning it like crazy to try to get some of its life back and cut the frizz down that was left behind.I have very thick and longer hair , it comes to the middle of my shoulders , and one box only covered half of my head . I 'm glad I got 2 boxes just in case but even if my hair was shorter I still would n't have been able to cover it all . Unless your hair is very thin I would advise you to get 2 boxes if you decide to try this dye.I have used the new John Frieda foam in color 3N Deep Brown-Black and it matched the box color depicted pretty well . It was a dark , multidimensional brown and in no way the flat black I have now . It seemed to fade fast however , so I was hoping for something with better staying power . The foam is MUCH easier to apply as well . I did not use the Garnier foam because I have not heard good things about it unlike the cream .
 Product works fairly well but can not figure out how to change sanding sleeves
 The product was stale and can not be used . I had already discarded the packaging so I could not return it . shame on me
 I was desperate for a cuticle trimmer . Even though I remembered having problems 3 years ago with the Revlon one I decided to try it again . I bought it for 5 bucks - not cheap - and will never resort to it again . I might as well have used a marble to trim my cuticles . Contorting it , pushing hard , nothing works.The generic one you can get at most drugstores and dollar stores is by far the best of this type . Look for a deep v -LRB- the one on the Revlon trimmer is too shallow -RRB- and a dark imitation tortoise shell handle . Should be ~ $ 1.00 .
 I bought this item at Walmart without taking a closer look at it because it said ` Revlon ' on it . This does not work at all . The product is well-made and all , but the metal `` V '' part is not actually a V.The bottom part that should be what 's trimming the cuticles , is so flat that it just pushes against the cuticle area . No matter how hard you press/push with the trimmer , the flat bottom of the V just applies pressure to your finger ; I seriously think it works just as well as a butterknife would for the same purpose.I gave up after about an hour of struggling with it trying to tell myself that I 'm not using the trimmer correctly -LRB- when in fact I used to have another cuticle trimmer that actually worked -RRB- , and making the cuticles on my left hand extremely sore.I do not recommend this product .
 thought these would work better than the junky stuff they carry at Walmart now . The work only slightly better . Too bad I bought 6 .
 I had the same problem with the Revlon trimmer . I bought a generic one for $ .87 and it was much better . Look for the `` v '' to be `` raised '' so it will cut .
 This product may work better for someone with long nails . Mine are medium length and it was kind of messy , leaving white all over my fingers . But as for whitening , it was n't a very noticeable whitening . It 's not worth the effort .
 The Revlon Nail Whitener Pencil sounds like a wonderful idea . The idea that you can make the tips of your nails extra white is fantastic . The problem is that it did n't make much of a difference to my nails . Also , the white of the pencil came off on the tips of my fingers . If they improved this product , I would be willing to try it one more time .
 These new clippers with the cross pattern on them are cheap . They do n't seem to cut very well . I like Revlon nail products but this line is not really up to par
 They have changed the design and quality of this clipper . This used to be the finest nail clipper on the market . Now , they have removed the keepers from the file end , and what is worse , they have changed the way they sharpen the blades . This clipper will not cut through ANYTHING . It is now one of the worst on the market . I am going to write to Revlon . This product is a disgrace to the brand name .
 The Revlon Deluxe Nail Clipper does not cut very well . The radius is not cut full . It tears your nail . It does not make a clean cut .
 I 've tried two of these and both had the rubber liner fall out -LRB- and it is impossible to put back in where it stays in the correct position -RRB- . Then after putting the rubber liner back in , it cut my lashes ! Stay away from this one !
 I 'm not a very large person -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' tall -RRB- and my face is similarly proportioned . By the looks of this eyelash curler , it was made for someone about twice my size . I ca n't even reach my eyelashes with it , rendering it useless .
 Not what I received . Should n't show picture if that is not exact item . Had been looking for this model from revelon as it is no longer available in stores as they came out with another type which is terrible and does n't work and that is what I received . Futhermore to make matters worse , I sent email to get authorization to send back and never received a response . VERY DISAPPOINTED !!!
 The item I received was for a different curler with a black insert and black grips on the handle . It pinched my eyelid . Would not recommend .
 The cutting edges do n't line up and there is a nick in one of the cutters so it is useless but not worth sending back . Not a quality product I would expect from Revlon .
 I am a fan of Amazon and 99.9 % of the time have nothing except good to say about how they sell product . If you have n't guessed it already , this is n't one of those times.First off there are multiple listings for the same product -LRB- at least 4 for this product -RRB- . One listing would be plenty.This particular listing is showing a photo for the reliable nail clipper design that Revlon marketed for decades . But , that is n't what is actually shipping.The nail clipper that is actually shipping is a new Revlon redesign . The redesign is for the worse , and it does a fairly thorough job of messing up most of what was good about the decades old design.This new inferior design can be avoided if you are shown a proper photo of it . The new design has a diagonal cross-hatch pattern formed into the outer surface of the upper lever handle . It is clearly visible in product photos -LRB- when the proper photo is shown -RRB- . I 've waited a few months for a break in my schedule to find the time to write this properly , and to cool my venom a little . I see that Amazon is now showing the proper photo in some -LRB- but , not all -RRB- of the listings , but someone keeps wanting to describe this product as ` Classic . ' Its not - its new junk.The new design removes the ability of the cutting surfaces to cut completely through at the outboard sides of the jaws . The center of the jaws close first and even with extra pressure applied to the levers , the jaws can not close down enough on the outer edges to make a fully clean cut . Forget about doing edge nips with it - it wo n't bite , it just tears.The old design had an excellent file with deep serrations and sharp edges . The new file is so smooth that it might be better suited for polishing the lacquer paint job on the hood of a fine automobile.With all the roughness and sloppiness in the manufacturing of the jaws , you would think that they would carry that through to the edges of the file -LRB- where it might do some good -RRB- . Nope . The file has smoothly beveled side edges , without a hint of serration near the edges.The previous old design had a file that was very good for both flat surface and edge work ; at least good enough for people who do n't care for a proper manicure -LRB- I 'll say it
 these do not leave a clean line when you cut nails with them . I 'm still using my toddler 's `` Safety First '' brand nail clippers -LRB- which work very well , but are small and I do n't want to wear them out -RRB- until I can find some that cut better than this Revlon model .
 I thought that perhaps the first was just a fluke , but the replacement performed just as poorly . They wo n't even cut the thin nails of my 8 year old .
 This product was n't much of an improvement from the old worn out clipper they replaced . Very difficult to cut through the nails , never able to get a clean cut . After 8 months of use they broke . Revlon used to be the clippers that everyone used to buy , they worked the best and lasted the longest . How they have changed . If I had 1 pair it might have been a fluke . Except I purchased 2 pairs and they both broke within 8 months of use , with me using one of them and my wife using the other . I do n't think I 'll waste my money on Revlon clippers again . Time to look elsewhere for something that works .
 I ordered three of these items . The item was not the one shown the product description . It was a much cheaper clipper . I 'm not satisfied .
 New out of the package the clippers would not cut my finger nails . Made in China - very poor quality .
 These clippers are now made on the cheap in my opinion . It seems like pretty simple technology -- in fact it probably is harder to mess up manufacturing than it is to get it right but they have done it . You 're probably better off going to your neighborhood drug store than buying a pair of clippers from Amazon . The only well reviewed clippers on Amazon are $ 15 and that does n't make sense . Very disappointed . Amazon should pull this product as it reflects very poorly on the retailer in my opinion ... and Amazon is almost always my go to website .
 I went to the grocery store to hopefully get a generic one , but only found this one . First time use was okay , but it broke on the second . The cheap metal is really soft and bendable , but apparently brittle enough to break .
 Not even close to replacing Matrix Dirty Trix . This is more like a cream that hardens in the hair . Decent hold and less shine than a gel , but not the clay/mud I was looking for .
 The product works like it should and did an excellent job styling a mohawk , however the scent is horrendous . It was described as `` rubbing 5 day old fish bait all over your face . '' Ewww . I would have returned it , but it was going to cost $ 5 to ship it back . Now I 'm stuck with stinky hair goo that I will never use again .
 How disappointed we were at the quality of this soap . It really did not smell of almonds , and its scent , which is really indescribable , overwhelmed the bathroom .
 As a self proclaimed beauty expert -LRB- read I spend way too much on products -RRB- I can honestly say I am not impressed at all with this soap . The smell is ok , not suberb , not knock glam up a notch , just ok . I can get ok from drugstore soap for a lot less.As for it moisturizering or doing any other added benefits that would make me run out and re-purchase . Nope . None . Zilch . Just another bar soap , with an ok scent , an ok lather and that 's absolutely it .
 I did not care for the smell and the soap had some cracks and scuffs .
 The lavender scent is too perfumy . Not like real lavender . I received the melon soap as a gift and found the scent hard to take .
 I ' m used to the wonderful smell of both Balinese Vanilla and Almond Milk , and this smell paled in comparison .
 This soap did not live up to my expectations . First the sandalwood smell is barely there and that was a disappointment and the aroma that is left is not pleasant . The bar is new but still it is losing shape . I would not recommend this product and will not buy more .
 I have been using this shampoo for years first in Europe , then in the US through Amazon . However , I was very surprised when I got my shampoo a couple of weeks ago from this seller in particular . The shampoo does n't smell the same , the color of the actual shampoo is darker and the consistency is thinner than the original shampoo . I have no idea where this seller got the product from , however it is not an original RF shampoo . I am very disappointed and will not buy from the same seller again .
 I paid good $ 22 for this shampoo hoping it will lessen my hair thinning . I am in my early 20 's . My hair started fall off since 3 months ago , in desperation and with all-so-good reviews about this product , I bought it and used it for about a month now .1 . It made my scalp itchy2 . Feels like my hair thinning got worse , not better at all3 . Too expensive4 . Just did not do any good to my hairMy hair is black , typical asian hair , medium coarse , shoulder length.I do not recommend this product , I am going to try Nioxin system 1 .
 Not a good purchase . I was so disappointed with this purchase . It smells mostly of alcohol , sort of like an old perfume . Too bad .
 I received the wrong item . I wanted the fragrance , `` jess '' by jessica mcclintock which is what is pictured in the advertisement , however I was sent adifferent fragrance . The pictured item does not match with the description given and is very misleading . I consequently am very dissatisfied with this shopping experience and am seeking a refund or a replacement with the item I wanted .
 This item arrived with no celephane wrapping as is customary for all high-end parfum . I will be returning it for that reason . Also , at first , the aroma is very strong , but in no time it dwindles . It seems to stay on clothing longer than on the body . ` Unsure of authenticity .
 If I could put a 0 star , I would ! The fragrance is not the original one that i fell in love with . And now that I am out of the country , I ca n't even return it anymore without me spending shipping cost .
 Smells good going on but disappears after about 1hour . Seemed like its watered down . Will not purchase from this vendor again .
 I have purchased this same fragrance for about 5 years . I 've bought is at a leading department store as well as from a perfume store at the outlet mall . I am very disappointed in this purchase as it seems to me that the fragrance is rather weak - almost as if it is watered down . Maybe that is why the price was so unbelievable .
 I have been using this fragrance for many years and the bottle that I received is definitely not the same strength that it has been . The box was not sealed and could have been tampered with . I was hesitant to purchase this product because of the low price and I should have listened to my inner voice .
 Product arrived even before it was scheduled but am very disappointed with itself . The smell is far from what I know to be Jessica Mcclintock , it smells like fake . I guess this explains such a low price , I should have known better . Very disappointed and would not recommend it to anybody .
 What a rip-off ! I ordered the 3.4 oz . parfum . It 's the color of water and has no smell . I 'd swear that someone watered it down . I 've been wearing Jessica MacClintock for years and this is not the real thing . My last bottle , which is less than a year old , is 10 times stronger and is the color of dark urine -LRB- Sorry , but that 's what it looks like -RRB- . It 's described as the exact same product and came in the exact same packaging and 3.4 oz . bottle as I 've always gotten so I absolutely know I did n't order the wrong product or strength . This new stuff came in the correct and pristine packaging , says it 's parfum , and is 3.4 oz . but is about the strength of toilet water - if that . You ca n't even smell it when sprayed on your wrist . Now I 've learned that I ca n't even return it ! Plus , I ca n't even find a real human being to talk to about this either . Help ! I want my money back ! Will not buy another fragrance through Amazon ever again .
 I ordered this perfume for my mom as a birthday present . IT WAS NOT THE PERFUME , it smelled a lot like rubbing alcohol . I only rated it one star because Amazon made me . Do n't be fooled ! What a scam !
 I purchased this perfume for a friend as a gift . A few days after I gave my friend this perfume she called to ask me where I purchased it from so she could return/exchange it due to it smelling - OLD , MUSTY , and SOUR . I am mortified and embarrassed . I do n't see anywhere on here where I can talk to the seller or ask for a replacement or refund . Needless to say , I will not be ordering again . I am highly disappointed . : -LRB-
 I have worn this perfume for the last 10 years !! It is not the same ! It is more like a watered down knock off ! I am so very disappointed ! This was my one christmas present to myself , but instead it looks like this cheap watered down brand is going into the garbage ! Never again !!! II 'll stick to paying the higher price for the real product from a reputable seller ! Like a department store !!!
 I bought this perfume because I liked how it smelled on someone else . However , I have to say that I was really dissappointed when I used it.Firstly , I found that I had to spray a lot of it to really be able to smell the frangrance . Then , I realized that I did not like how it smelled on me . It seemed to have a chemical scent on my own skin . I wish I would have gotten a tester of it before deciding to buy 3.4 oz worth.I do have to have to say that I gave it to 2 stars only because I happened to like how it smelled on someone else . So , I would not discount it completely . I would encourage you to make sure it smells good on you personally before choosing to purchase this perfume .
 It 's not quite the same . I 'll probably end up buying another bottle at a department store and wo n't try this again .
 my friend bought this perfume not too long ago from amazon -LRB- probably from another seller -RRB- and the scent spot on , close to what would be bought at the store . i was running out of the perfume so i thought that maybe i 'd get the same thing but i was wrong . the item that i purchased had an awful alcohol scent and WAS NOT ANYTHING REMOTELY CLOSE to the perfume that my friend bought . i am very familiar with its distinct scent as i have been wearing it all through my adulthood so i was very disappointed when the product came in . teaches me a lesson for buying it online rather than from the store .
 the perfume purchased did not have `` made in France '' on the bottom as did the ones I have purchased from dept. stores . The scent also did not last as the more expensive dept. store items . Is this a `` knock-off '' , or is this the real thing ? I was disappointed in the purchase , please let me know .
 Ordered as a gift for Valentines Day , Arrived on time . That 's the only good points.Packaging and the Bottle is the sames as that sold in the major department stores , but the contents is just WATER . I thought the price was to good , so I trusted Amazon as to the authenticity of the product , and ordered it directly through their store.Trying to return it , Amazon website tells you that you are out of luck and should contact your local government agency on the proper procedures for disposing of toxic waste , -LRB- WATER ? -RRB- . No other information.Buyer be ware ! Now I 'm off to Macy 's to buy the real thing , questioning may reasoning for having a prime account and doing business with Amazon .
 I have worn Jessica McClintock perfume for years . This last bottle I purchased seems watered down . The scent does n't stay on me like before and even the color is closer to clear . I bought two bottles so I hope this bottle is just a fluke . I am disappointed . Not sure what happened to the product and why it is different . : - -LRB-
 I bought this for my wife . She likes to wear this fragrance for work and everyday activities . I usually purchase this item at Macy 's for $ 75 . So I thought this was a bargain . That was a big mistake . My wife was not pleased with the aroma . She thought that this must be stock that was lost and recently found and that 's why the price was so CHEAP ! She described it as musty , tired , indefinite , indistinct , obscure , opaque , pale , shadowy , unclear , undefined , undetermined , vague , aged , and unyoung . DO NOT BUY unless you like your Eau De Parfume STALE , FAINT AND OLD !
 It smells really close to Jessica McClintock , but the real deal lasts FOREVER ! This fades so quickly that I can many times I do n't even make it into the office with perfume . I gave it two stars , because quite frankly ... I should have known that the price was too good to be true !
 DO NOT BUY ... . the item is NOT what it says . Sold as Jessica McClintock Eau De Parfum Spray . I 've used this perfume for years and this is a cheap -LRB- poor -RRB- imitation of Jessica McClintock . If you purchase you will not be able to return if you are dissatisfied . It came in an unwrapped box and the smell was horrible . AGAIN DO NOT BUY ...
 First bottle I purchased did not hold its fragrance for very long . Amazon replaced it but it 's not much better . Probably old inventory bottles . Should have known better since the retail on this size bottle is $ 68 and I got it for $ 25 . You get what you pay for !
 I purchased Jessica McClintock perfume spray from Amazon 's affiliate FragranceGo . The packaging looked like genuine Jessica McClintock , but the scent was much weaker than the department store version . Based on this , and years of using Jessica , my wife is convinced that this is not the genuine article . I will not purchase from FragranceGo again .
 I bought this because it said it gives hair texture & body . It does n't . It makes it limp & lifeless . this stuff is ONLY for those who have really crazy thick & unruly frizzed out hair . Because those are the only people who should be using this stuff .
 I bought three of these dryers for my salon in October of 2010 . All three of them quit working last week . 2 on one day ! I like the rheostat controls and have had this dryer in the past with one that has lasted 3 years . The recent quality must be compromised for the new ones to break so soon . I would not recommend this dryer .
 I am a big fan of Lagerfeld . Imagine how disappointed and embarrassed I was this Christmas , when I gave this bottle as a gift . I do n't know how long this particular bottle was sitting around on the shelves , but it is old , and stale . It stunk . I wasted a lot of money . I am still a Lagerfeld fan , just wo n't buy from here anymore .
 This fragrance was bought for me from Amazon as a gift . It 's a counterfeit . I 've used this for yrs . But usually buy it from Dillards . When we got this thru Amazon it smelled old & stuffy . In fact we 've bought other fragrance thru Amazon & they were counterfeit also.Be advised that name brand fine fragrance should be bought from fine department where it 's in secure wrapping .
 please send me the perfume paloma picasso , you are terriblePaloma Picasso By Paloma Picasso For Women , Eau De Parfum Spray -LRB- 3.4 Ounces -RRB-
 This is not the `` real thing '' . I have been using Paloma Picasso Eau De Parfum for at least 15 years so I know what the `` real thing '' smells like and so does my husband . Either this is a fake or it is so old that the fragrance has changed.Whichever it is , I feel as though I have been cheated . Unfortunately I can not return it because it has been opened and tried.However , I would like to caution others not to trust this vendor based on my experience.I give this a ZERO STAR rating , no matter what the review publishes because I noticed there are 2 stars and I can not change that now .
 I ordered and paid for 2 bottles of 3.4 oz . Paloma Picasso perfume . I was sent two bottles of 1.7 oz . by the website . When I complained both toAmazon and to ANTOnline , I was told to return the 1.7 oz because ANTOnlie had made an `` Advertising '' mistake . I said that when I buy something in any store that is marked a certain price then the store is RESPONSIBLE and legally contracted to provide what was advertised and for the price I remove it from the shelf . I was refunded my money of $ 102.99 but I believe that I wasted a lot of time ordering and should have been given what I purchased . ANTOnline should be penalized for its `` false advertising . '' I will never purchase from ANTOline and will advise others NOT TO PURCHASE FROM ANTOnline .
 I ordered two -LRB- 2 -RRB- 3.4 Oz . Paloma Picasso but the wrong size 1.7 Oz . was shipped and received . I contacted your company but they said they could not ship the correct size until I return the wrong order that was shipped . I asked your company to just ship me the correct order in the meantime , that it was your mistake not mine and that you had my money . They said they could not and I would have to wait on a refund -LRB- that would take about 6-weeks -RRB- I really got upset and told them that it did not take them but 11/2 days to take it out of my account and that it better not take them 6 weeks to get it back into my account . Had to return the wrong products shipped and received my refund promptly after your company received their products back . I had told them to just ship me the correct product order and they said they could not that I would have to get the refund.Ordered from ebay !
 I smelled Paloma Picasso on someone else and it was wonderful , so I ordered it for myself . It does n't smell so good on me . I should have tried it out before I actually bought it .
 I 've been using this product everyday for the past month but have n't noticed any visible change in the sun spots that I have . No adverse side effects but product did not live up to my expectations .
 this product did n't protect my skin under the sun . I used once then threw it away !
 I bought this Acqua Di Parma Colonia aftershave balm -LRB- 2.5 oz -RRB- from Archipelago Botanicals because my stock , bought from Nordstrom , was running out . On a per ounce basis , this was a great deal , and I bought several bottles . That turned out to be a mistake.One morning , I finally ran out of the Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . I had already put aftershave on half of my face , but I had n't finished the job . So , I took out a bottle bought from Archipelago Botanicals . Immediately something seemed wrong . The Archipelago Botanicals bottle had a different label from the Nordstrom bottle . I opened the bottle , and the Acqua Di Parma bought from Archipelago Botanicals smelled different from the Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . There is no reason that the same aftershave should smell completely different.I do n't know if the `` Acqua Di Parma '' bought from Archipelago Botanicals was fake or if it was just very old . But it was not the same as the much more expensive -LRB- but new and genuine -RRB- Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . I can not recommend buying Acqua Di Parma from Archipelago Botanicals.Follow-up
 FOR ALL OF THE POSITIVE THINGS I HAVE READ ABOUT THIS FRAGRANCE , I ORDERED IT AND WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE FRAGRANCE . I HAVE USED IT ONCE AND WILL PROBABLY NEVER TRY IT AGAIN . ACQUA DI PARMA COLONIA IS WAY TOO UNPLEASANT FOR MY TASTES .
 Hate it ... never will i buy cologne online without smelling it . It had good reviews so i thought of buying it
 I purchased this deodorant after reading the great reviews , but I have to say it is the worst deodorant in the world . Yes , it smells good , but the scent is short-lived . To keep it going you would have to probably reapply 4 or more times a day . Besides , it does n't even have an anti-perspirant ingredient . So while I agree the scent is great , the performance is not . I ca n't believe I spent $ 35 for a deodorant that does n't work .
 This powder does n't smell like much and certainly not Aqua di Parma . I would n't spend your hard earned money on it . I love A di P and was willing to pay extra for the talc but this is a HUGE disappointment . I think it 's a fake and I recommend not buying it .
 Last order ... product is not what it used to be ... scent does not last as long as it used to ...
 The received product did not work as expected , the plastic part that was glued to the bottom of the bottle broke off or fell off and not from any of my actions , not a real big deal about the plastic part of the bottle BUT what was disturbing was the `` Sprayer '' that dispenses the cologne did not work as it was expected or was tampered with . I pushed the button down then the sprayer stuck in that position and stayed there , so I has to manually had to pull it up EVERY TIME . Now after a weeks of two of use it only fails about 50 % of the time instead of 100 % . # 2 . -RRB- It seemed that the product had been altered chemically and did not seem to be as the original scent . It seemed to be close but it did not seem to be the original scent . # 3 . -RRB- I do not have a lot of time to `` Dick Around '' and send stuff back that does not work so I rate this product as defective . # 4 . -RRB- Assuming that said distributor reads this and wants to send a ship back to label to me and or replace product for defective unit , I will adjust the review on this site , but for now this was my experience with this distributor and this product . While I like the scent of the original product as stated before it seemed to be altered to some degree . # 5 . -RRB- I have no way of knowing IF this gets read by the distributor that I purchased this from but the name is Nadeem Ahmad located in Sunrise Florida , balance address withheld for obvious reasons .
 Some people really love this fragrance , however , this is a very controversial cologne that many people will not like . This takes a lot of patience to learn to enjoy , so this is difficult to wear in public.The smell is not clean , it is ashy and floral . The scent is strongly similar to a urinal cake and sweat -LRB- and I am not joking -RRB- . You can see the hundreds of reviews on Basenotes.com for Kouros , and at least 1/3 of the reviewers acknowledge that this smells like a public restroom . Not everyone will make this association , but many people will.This is not safe to wear in public and I would n't recommend wearing this at least until you try a sample first.I do n't want to be dogmatic and say that nobody will enjoy this . Some people really love this . But personally , I would never wear this .
 This cologne is FAKE ! I got it for my dad for father 's day and the bottle does not even look the same as the picture ! Also the scent does not last for more than two hours . . Where as the Kouros my dad used to used lasted ALL DAY ! THIS IS FAKE DO NOT BUY !
 Bought this product b/c it was reviewed as one of `` the sexiest aftershaves '' ... . My wife said it smelled like flowers , and that it was n't something she wants her man to smell like ... . stick with `` Caribbean Bay Rum '' ... . now THAT 'S the best aftershave there is . Period .
 I used to purchase this at high end retailers . . this colonge turns heads but NOT this Kouros sold at Amazon ... it has either been watered down or something diff all together . . it wears off within hours as original lasted 24 plus hours ... shame on you Amazon . . will never purchase again
 I am very disappointed in this product . After 30 years YSL has either changed the formula and bottle style or this is NOT real .
 i think this product was diluted ! the container was taped shut and the product was not the same as I 've used before !
 The perfume stank . The company did offer to take it back at a discount and a credit for another item , but I did not trust them . I gave the perfume away and even that person tried to give it away , nobody wanted it . Do not buy this product and check the store 's return policy to .
 i think this product was diluted ! the container was taped shut and the product was not the same as I 've used before !
 The Benzalkonium Chloride product I rec 'd was a cheap brand made in China , not the PDI that is pictured . You would n't put a picture of a well established brand to sell a less reliable brand of soup or a car or anything else . It certainly should n't be done for a health product .
 I am completely dissatisfied with my purchase with this seller . It says 100/box , which to me suggested I was ordering a box of 100 wipes , not one wipe . I paid 6 dollars in shipping for ONE wipe ! Do n't be swindled like I was , buyer beware !
 The box it shipped it was open . Since this is a medical product , and I have a family member who is immunocomprimised I am worried . Seems it should have shipped more securely .
 I SHOULD SAY ALL MOST MOIST . VERY DRY FEELING TO THE TOUCHAND I THOUGHT THEY WERE SUPPOSEDTO BE WET .
 I tried the product and I have to say it has a lot of great things about it and some bad things about it.Great Things1 . Nice Gloves , the gloves in this pack are like cheap slightly hand shaped flat plastic gloves , they are nice hospital quality and style gloves , good for getting a nice grip on hair2 . Effect on Hair
 Pro-Smelled goodCons-Color Did not turn out red at all ! My hair is now just Blonde , and less red from when I dyed it . Does not match the box at all .
 Small bottle of sweet scented watery and fairly ordinary body moisturizer There are plenty of better ones around . Would suit a young , naturally.oily skinned girl . Rose scent not one for the boys !!
 1st off , this is a review about the SELLER , not the product.This seller `` mayflower 's '' advertises this cream to be market priced at $ 55 , but it is NOT ! They want us to think , or fool us , if you will , we are getting a deal from them at $ 30 + shipping -LRB- abt $ 5 -RRB- . Even on sephoras ' website this cream sells for $ 33 . I just went to macy 's and got it for $ 35 with ny taxes , and I did n't have to wait 5-8 business days to get it.AGAIN , THIS TO WARN BUYERS TO NOT BE TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF.I ca n't believe Amazon allows this false advertisement from people they -LRB- amazon -RRB- have to clean after when something goes wrong .
 I ordered this product about a complete week ago . The product has NOT even been shipped yet . I am pretty sure the product works but if you 're ordering this , please only choose the 5-10 Day Shipping method . Why ? Well if you choose One-Day or Two-Day , you will NOT get it in one or two days . I am STILL waiting on mines AND it 's been a week . So you might as well choose the cheapest shipping method since the product is going to take a CENTURY to get to you . I ordered this in hopes of doing my nails before I leave on vacation next Monday , but it looks like I am going to have to go on vacation with ugly nails thanks to incompetent sellers who do not fulfill their customers ' requests . They really should not have One-Day or Two-Day shipping method options available since they do not even provide that sort of service at all .
 Did n't like this product at all . There are much better ones out there . It feels oily and does n't absorb well .
 The sad thing about buying cosmetics online is the fact that you are not able to test out the product first . So if you do n't know the color you are suppose to buy , you run the risk of buying the wrong color . And that was the case with me . In the end it was a waste of money
 I 've used a number of AHAVA products and I do n't think they are worth the packaging they 're sent in . There really is nothing exceptional about Dead Sea minerals or mud , and its not worth the cost to human lives by buying AHAVA products , since they use Palestinian resources that are illegally appropriated , according to international law , and as recognized by the United Nations .
 this is one of those luxery items you pay alot for but did n't see any benefit . Its really useless and a waste of money
 This product has a very long name `` Fusion Beauty LipFusion XL-Advanced Lip Plumping Therapy . '' Makes one think this is a very scientific special formula , and since it is so advanced and unique to any other product the high price tag MUST be worth it too . I do n't know what all the others who raved on about this product , when they said they were `` sold '' and `` would continue using this product forever , `` were coming from ! I 'm an older woman , and as we age our lips naturally begin to `` thin , '' -LRB- too bad our bodies do n't follow the same path . -RRB- Anyway , for forty -LRB- 40 -RRB- some dollars I thought , this ought to be just what I 'm looking for , especially with all the glorious reviews . What happened to me when I got it was I immediately applied it to my lips , I felt a slight burning sensation , such as when applying cinnamon oil or something similar and that was it . No `` plumping '' in any way , shape or form . I did notice a slight smoothing of my lips , but that was it . My lips did not increase in size one iota . I did n't expect `` bee-sting '' lips or an Angelina Jolie mouth , but I did expect to notice some difference in the appearance of my lips , specifically in PLUMPNESS . I think the hype and marketing was excellent , so I 'm giving it one star , as far as delivering anything else of note , it gets no stars because it was a complete waste of my money . : -LRB-
 Ordered this product for my wife . Product does not work at all . She reported tingling sensation similar to using burt 's bees lip balm , but lips same size as ever . Save your money .
 Perpetually searching for muted violet lipstick shades and lacking brand loyalty , I tried Neutrogena lipsticks and was disapointed by how smudgy the chemical formula was . Smelling and initially feeling pleasant , the lipsticks still have poor overall performance compared to non-hypoallergenic brands.While it may be hypo-allergenic , this specific option would be of little good if the product continously has to be reapplied and it readily melts in room-temperature settings where the product was reasonably expected to remain solid . Attempting to apply a perpetually half-melted lipstick wastes valuable time , and definently did not make me feel beautiful.I have the option of using other brands , but imagine this product 's performance is a big disincentive for people who actually must be selective about makeup brands . Surely these same people are entitled to a product actually performing well ?
 Do not buy this product.You have to use a LOT to even get an exfoliating feel to it.It is also `` gooey '' which is not a good feeling.Also the exfoliating sand is very very coarse . Too coarse for my liking.Also customer service from this company sucks majorly too .
 I bought this sample based on prior reviews I had read stating it was a great lavender frag.I did not find it so.One use and I had to shower it off.Went right into my trash.Oh well
 One-use only . Plastic lid designed to completely break apart during first use so unable to use for travel ... or even more than once since no lid and deceivingly small amount of product . Worth about $ 2 not $ 12.93 -LRB- Item Subtotal : $ 8.99 Shipping & Handling
 My hair is relaxed , and I was thoroughly disappointed with this CD product . My hair was left tangled and the smell is overwhelming . I like the Khoret Amen line much better . Unlike the results from the black vanilla leave-in conditioner , my hair was no more thangled than ususal and I was not overwhelmed by the scent . I enjoyed the herbaceous , floral , and refreshing scent . This is my hair ritual
 I bought this conditioner because my hair is completely natural and I was looking for something to help it retain its moisture . My hair is n't as coarse as most , but it 's not fine by any means . I have to admit , I 'm disappointed , not only with this product , but with the entire Carol 's daughter hair care line . I 've spend quite a bit of money trying all of their different shampoos , conditioners , and hair styling products , and while they do give my hair a nice sheen , I found that they either do n't work , or , if they do work , only in combination with several of their other products.This product is no exception . While I love the scent it did absolutely nothing for my hair . I used it in conjunction with both the Tui Herbal shampoo , and the Khoret Amen herbal shampoo as well the Hair Milk and the Healty Hair Butter . Even after trying several combinations of the product line , my hair was left dry.I will say that the products did give my hair a nice sheen and they did leave it smelling good . The shampoos also did a good job of cleaning my scalp , which is not something I can say about a lot of other shampoos for natural hair . I will also say that this conditioner works very well on my hubby 's hair . He has dreadlocks and he uses it daily as a conditioning spray between washes and retwists . His hair is much coarser than mine and this conditioner gives his locks a nice healthy sheen.I 'd also like to offer a note of praise for Carol 's bath and body products . I 've found that they smell great and leave my skin looking and feeling like heaven . I would absolutely recommend them.I have nothing against the Carol brand , but I do believe that you can find cheaper , more effective products for caring for natural hair .
 This product leaves your hair greasy and frizzy all at the same time ! What a mess ! I have used 1.99 conditioners that work better . I doubt this company will be around much longer after seeing so many negative reviews on so many of its products . Do n't waste your money on the Vanilla Leave-In Conditioner .
 Wish i could get a refund after reading the reviews on here ... purchased from a local store , since i tore off the plastic , they said no refund ... however i tried this on my hair last nite , even after using Ojon ultra hydrating cream , nothing worked , i have kinky/coarse/Leelajames hair . i have read so many good reviews elsewhere , they must have been endorsed , this mess is a joke ... glad i was warned about the rosemary shampoo , so now i just have a full bottle sitting around that i 'll never use ... i will always come to this site for honest opinions . . i try to support black manufactured products , from here on i will remain with the high end stuff ... will never purchase her stuff again , even if someone gives me the money to
 I have to admit I 'm a total sucker when it comes to advertising . That 's why I fell for this product . When i first tried to buy it , it was out of stock everywhere I looked . As soon as it came back in stock on the Carol 's Daughter website , I jumped at the chance to buy this.TOTAL RIP OFF ! All it basically is , is water with great-smelling essential oils . Not worth the money . It did nothing to moisturize my hair , and is only useful as a perfume . Whatever , I can use the hair balm for that.Save your money and spend it on something that actually does condition the hair . Neutrogena Triple Moisture 's leave in conditioner is great . Paul Mitchell , Reddken , etc. .
 I bought the entire line of products from the Lisa 's Hair Regimen on the Carol 's daughter website . I took all the products back to Sephora yesterday . I used this Hair oil on my scalp and the next day my scalp started itching . I washed it that night and woke up the next morning in serious pain . I wear my hair natural and I had what felt like chemical burns all over my scalp . When I took the product back to Sephora the lady who sold it to me told me my scalp was RED w / white spots all throughout it . I had to take OTC pain medication twice a day for three days just to help me sleep at night due to the pain . The only thing I can attribute it to is an allergic reaction . The product contain extracts from different types of plant and flowers . If you have allergies to these items I would suggest not using this product . I contacted Carol 's Daughter and have not heard back from them yet . I would have expected more from the company who 's product states ` Made with Love , Peace ' .
 My hair texture is fine and it is relaxed . I typically use IC Leave-in Conditioner with Aloe to detangle and condition my hair after washing and before blow drying . Being excited about a hair line made for black women BY a black woman , I purchased several products -LRB- I posted reviews individually for each relevant product -RRB- . The Black Vanilla leave-in conditioner smells wonderfully but it is NOT a conditioner . It is purely hair perfume ... your hair can not be conditioned with just flower/plant extracts -LRB- except maybe aloe -RRB- . Since I have already opened it and was disappointed by its lack of conditioning for my hair , I use the IC product to condition my hair for blow-drying . I then spray the black vanilla conditioner on when my hair is almost dry so that the scent stays in my hair . If you want to spend > $ 10 for hair perfume , you wo n't be disappointed by the smell . If you want a real leave-in conditioner , try something else -LRB- IC , Optimum Care , Organic Root Stimulator lines -- ANYTHING ELSE will probably work better -RRB- .
 I just received my conditioner today and it 's going back to Sephora . I do n't know how this can be called a conditioner because it 's nothing more than water . It also smells nothing like vanilla . The only scent I could smell was coconut and I do n't want my hair smelling like that .
 There is absolutely nothing special about this leave-in conditioner , besides the fact that it smells really good . However , I did n't see any changes in my daughter 's hair after using this conditioner . NONE . It is watered down so you must rub it in your hair very quickly . Otherwise , it will run down your face and neck -LRB- wish it came with a spray pump instead -RRB- . I was expecting some sort of difference since this product line is well-known and has a lot of star / celebrity power behind it . However , I found this conditioner to be all hype .
 Well I used this conditioner right after the mint shampoo and it 's not the best detangler for my hair , -LRB- thick curly and crazy -RRB- . I 'm so used to thick creamy conditioners like Pantene , etc , that this light spray conditioner did n't really seem to do much for me . I need something thicker so maybe I will look into other Carol 's Daughter products . As for the vanilla smell it 's too strong for me , but not altogether too unpleasant . It works great on my kid 's hair , though they have finer curls .
 I purchased the Carol 's Daughter Black Vanilla leave in with the Rosemary Mint shampoo for dry hair . Very disappointed with both products . This one does n't condition my hair which needs a lot of taming before leaving the house . Something that is creamy would probably have been better . I also found the shampoo SUPER drying . It stripped my hair which is not good for hair that 's already dry .
 The features I liked were the fragrance , appearance , and texture . The features I did n't like were the directions , ingredient info -LRB- they were n't listed , and I 'm allergic to a lot of things -RRB- , and its lack of ability to remove makeup .
 This product smells good and feels rich and creamy on my face . But it caused dry patches on my face and eyelids and I did n't feel reassured that it removed my makeup . Although I could n't feel a residual film , I felt like I needed to apply a toner to thoroughly cleanse my face . People with sensitive to ultra sensitive skin , like me , probably would n't benefit from this product .
 this shampoo made my dandruff even worse . after using it , it did make my scalp feel cool and cleansed , but an hour later i combed my hair and there were huge flakes in it . if you have to pay a little more for a dandruff shampoo buy paul mitchell 's tea tree shampoo or something .
 I have been struggling with dandruff for years . After using Nizoral for about 6-7 weeks , I ca n't see any huge improvements , but only subtle reduction of dandruff . It may work miracles for you , but that was n't the case for me .
 I have been using this shampoo twice a week as directed - for the last 4 weeks . So far my dandruff condition does seem to have improved . The shampoo is very strong on my hair and I must use a conditioner afterwards otherwise my hair will stand straight up ! I put the shampoo on , rub it around good and work up a lather , and let it sit on my head for about 5 minutes . Do not get this in your eyes as it will sting . I wish that Nizoral came with its own conditioner , I have been using a strong balsam conditioner and that makes my hair look more like normal . A shampoo with conditioner included -LRB- 2 in 1 -RRB- would be perfect . But as I say , my dandruff is noticeably less so far , so I am happy with the product . I am giving it 4 stars as I am not yet sure if it will continue to help . I will update this review in the near future to tell about its long-range effect . But for now , I recommend it.WARNING !!! Update on January 15 , 2010 . I have continued to use the Nizoral shampoo twice a week . But there is a side effect I feel I must warn users about . My hair is much more lifeless looking and seems thinner because of the Nizoral . The dandruff control is still good , but my hair looks like crap . I 'm 55 years old and my hair is thinning and I do n't really need a product to make my hair look like less ... I do n't know what to do . To start with , I am going to cut down my using this product . I want to warn consumers that the product seems to change the texture of your hair . I think I look much older now with my lifeless hair . I think I would rather have the dandruff - really .
 I do n't know what product most of the reviewers are using but threw mine in the trash after two tries at using it . It is heavy and noisy but the motor has no power . It pulls hair out when the density of the hair gets great enough . This is not the wahl trimmer I had before -LRB- looks similar , however -RRB- .
 useless after 6 months . the blade is too dull to use anymore . the cutting guides are flimsy . overall quality of the kit is rather low . i used a $ 10 oster for 5 years - i expected a wahl to last 10 . spend your money elsewhere .
 I did not get the Instructional DVD , so I was left with a clipper set I did n't know how to use ...
 I bought this based on the many positive reviews , but it 's really not good , at least for my hair . I do have very thick hair , but should it really matter ? I 'm not a golden retriever . I used to own the Classic 76 , which costs as much as some used cars , and when it stopped working I figured I was n't in the mood to pay that kind of money again . I figured , any hair trimmer has to trim hair right ? And I 'm not a salon , so just pick up any random clippers and be done with it . The problem , of course , is that I 've been spoiled with clippers that cut hair as quickly as you can run the blade over your head . I thought this was the norm , but I guess not . With these things , if you go too fast -LRB- and by too fast , I mean , `` at a pace that will complete the job in under an hour '' -RRB- it will stop cutting your hair and instead just start yanking it out . Not exactly what I was expecting.I 've since bought myself the `` Fast Feed '' clippers , which are exactly what I remember from my Classic 76 clippers , but they only cost 10 or so bucks more than this product . Go for those instead .
 this is a very heavy that yanks your hair as your cutting it . the sizes do n't clip on very tight . It fell off while i was cutting my hair so i was forced to shave my head because i had a big bald spot .
 I only buy Wall Clippers , I still have my first and still running 20 + years and I expect the same service from The new One 's also !!!
 This sucker is heavy , which I do n't mind so much , but it 's embarrassingly loud - your neighbours will know when you trim . And when no guide comb is attached , it wo n't even cut close enough to trim the back of the neck.If I was you , I 'd spend a few extra bucks and get one of the next models up in the range .
 I had high hopes for this product after reading in a magazine about the benefits of topical vitamin C. I realize I have sensitive skin , so I looked for a product that said `` suitable for sensitive skin , '' as this one does . Unfortunately , after two days of use , my skin was burned in spots . It was bright red , hard , and it hurt . It took about a week for the redness and irritation to go away after intensive moisturizing . I would not recommend this product . I returned it .
 This is the relaxer I grew up on . I ca n't think of a time when I did n't have scabs or brittle , overprocessed hair . To its credit , I do have a sensitive , tenderheaded scalp with resistant hair , so by the time my mother was finished with each section , it felt like fire on my head .
 I have fine hair therefore ; I typically perm my hair twice a year . I used 1/2 of this relaxer and as a result my hair texture changed significantly . I washed my hair repeatedly within the first week thinking I did not remove the entire relaxer but the result was and is the same
 the Masada cream for callus on feet did not work that good . I still have callus and have received much better results from other products . Also after a couple of months , both lotions acquired a smell that did not make me want to use them at all . Both ended up in the trash !
 We have used this Dremu and other emu oil brands available here.Some of the other oils have a much better quality feeling about them and results are also better.The results just do not justify the high price and small size of this oil.Respectfully .
 it was thick and did not come out of the dropper well at all and the bottle appeared half empty
 I 've tried almost everything that comes along and wasted a lot of money in the process . Thought this might be different but was n't . EXPENSIVE . Very oily so if you have breakouts this would not be for you . Did n't notice any difference at all and used for about a month . Very greasy so hard to use under makeup .
 HAVE NOT SEEN ANY IMPROVEMENT AFTER USING FOR TWO MONTHS . MAYBE IN SIX MONTHS ... MAYBE ! WILL KEEP USING UNTIL I RUN OUT AND MAYBE THAN .
 Good for rough calloused feet , however , I can no longer find any replacement tips . Thus , I am very dissapointed I purchased the Artemis device in the first place . A very frustrated , dissatisfied customer
 Do not purchase this product unless you want to blow it up right before each use . It is EXTREMELY hard to blow up - exhausting . Then it stays blown up for about an hour - pops it 's own valve open and then deflates . Just not worth all that effort .
 They will not hold air . Just a little bit of pressure makes the plug pop out and open . You will not be able to use them more than one minute .
 This was a disappointing piece of junk . The plastic stopper that you put into the hole after you blow it up pops out automatically as soon as you put it in . It 's completely unusable .
 This soap is o.k , but there is NOT much lather and your skin feels kind of weird after taking a shower . Not tight but funny.I can not explain you have to try it to understand what I mean .
 I would advise against this product for those with sensitive skin . I found it much too abrasive to be used as a body soap . It burns . I 've been using it as a hand soap instead . They market the lather as being especially silky , but it 's more appropriately described as `` sticky . '' Enjoy . = -RRB-
 I 'm a fairly small woman , and always have been . One of my biggest concerns physically was always my small breasts -LRB- A-cup at 26 ? Yikes ! -RRB- , so when I saw all of the positive reviews for this product , I thought , `` FINALLY ! YAY ! '' In good faith I bought the product and tried it out . After two months , NO RESULTS . Nothing . My complexion is not clearer -LRB- though I do n't typically have acne -RRB- , my butt is not bigger , my metabolism has not changed , I do not enjoy sex more , I do not want sex more , and moreover my breasts are still as small as ever . None of the things that were true for anyone else were true for me , so I 'm just putting it out there -- Save yourselves some money and disappointment - eat more hamburgers . Take less pills .
 I 'm a fairly small woman , and always have been . One of my biggest concerns physically was always my small breasts -LRB- A-cup at 26 ? Yikes ! -RRB- , so when I saw all of the positive reviews for this product , I thought , `` FINALLY ! YAY ! '' In good faith I bought the product and tried it out . After two months , NO RESULTS . Nothing . My complexion is not clearer -LRB- though I do n't typically have acne -RRB- , my butt is not bigger , my metabolism has not changed , I do not enjoy sex more , I do not want sex more , and moreover my breasts are still as small as ever . None of the things that were true for anyone else were true for me , so I 'm just putting it out there -- Save yourselves some money and disappointment - eat more hamburgers . Take less pills .
 I have been using this product , both the cream and pills , for 2 weeks now and i am not happy at all ! Getting opposite results , my boobs have actually shrunk by an inch ! Yes i measured them before i started it . Hopefully i can come back with better results at the end of the month , if not this is a complete waste of money !
 Dont bother taking this product it will be a waste of your time and effort . took it for 6months and nothing . hope i helped you some .
 I was hoping it would but all those reviews I read did n't ring true in my case .
 This item is not the real product , after careful inspection of the packages not only did I receive two differently labeled bottles of pills since I ordered two sets but the label was crooked on the bottle and did not read the same as the label of breast actives - on both the cream and the pills . I 'll admit the descrepancies are small but here 's a list of them1 . Cream says topical cream not enhancement cream as the actual product does2 . Pill bottles were completely different in name - both came from amazon and were ordered the same day3 . The ingredients in the pills are missing several which are listed on the breast actives website4 . the different pill bottle gives the companies former name with the same female shape logo , but this was not their logo when the company was called breast gain plusPs
 this is such crap . i ordered it and realized it was fake . going to try bust maxx.whoever is selling this item is a scumbag.TO ANYONE INTERESTED IN BUYING THIS ITEM . DO NOT PURCHASE OFF OF HERE . YOURE BETTER OFF PURCHASING FROM THE REAL WEBSITE .
 All this product did was make me extremely hungry . I 've adapted a healthy lifestyle , eating wise and physical activity wise , maintaing my weight for a year now . In the process , however , my breast size went down . I did some research and this product seemed to be the best breast enlargement product out there ... NOT so much ! It made me feel ravenous ! I stopped taking it after i realized how hungry it was making me feel . I would n't reccomend this product .
 Has n't been working and the bottle labels look like someone remade them . They look SOMEWHAT similar to the real thing but if you look at the fine print , they 're different .
 I bought Breast Actives -LRB- pills and cream -RRB- 3 months ago . I have followed directions and even massaged breast as suggested . There has been NO gain in breast size . No fullness . No firmness . NOTHING . However , I have gained 6 lbs in the past 2 months and that went to my backside , so again , even weight gain did n't cause an increase in size . This might work for little girls or women who want to see change . At first I thought I saw increase too , and realized it was just my imagination . Wishful thinking . This product does not do what it states and I am very unhappy !
 I was excited about this item because my bust has decreased since losing weight . I was a 33C and I wanted to be a small D cup . I applied the cream in the morning and took 2 pills during a meal , like it was advised on the bottle . I am YET to see results . There has been no change except the fact that I am gaining weight ; I have put on 5 pounds in a month and a half . I am very disappointed in this product and I am not going to waste another 100 dollars on something that gets my hopes up .
 I thought I was getting a good deal . Little did I know that the product is not genuine . I would rather pay more money and get the genuine fragrance . This is full of alcohol and much diluted smell which hardly seems anything like the original one .
 I thought this would be a illuminating powder . Yet instead it 's just a gross hooker-esque glitter . Threw it away after the first use
 Photo shows the product with flip top bottles . The product delivered with only snap top bottles . These leak with pressurization and depressurization of airplanes . It would have been nice if they 'd at least provided a mix .
 I have very thick hair and this product did n't offer the deeper conditioning I need . I need a product that also serves as a de-tangling product -- many conditioners make it easier for me to get the snarls out . I was n't pleased with this product . It may work better on someone with finer hair .
 I thought this would be a illuminating powder . Yet instead it 's just a gross hooker-esque glitter . Threw it away after the first use
 i dont often do reviews but i thought this product needed one . . i was very excited to get this paintbox palette to store my makeupHowever it came cracked in two places because of
 I have been wearing Samsara for years and was glad to find the products online as they are no longer available in department stores . But the cream that I ordered from Amazon smelled old or off , odd . I am returning .
 I thought I was safe buying a well known brand like Guerlain.NOTThis perfume that I 'm now stuck with ; smells like a man 's aftershave thatwent out of style in the 40 ` sHORRIBLE smell ; never bought a perfume that I 've ever been this disgusted with.and the seller ? Took them TWO WEEKS to get it here ; never had UPS been this turtley either.HORRIBLE XPERIENCE ; WO N'T BE BACK
 I have been coloring my hair for a very long time , and now at the grand age of 37 years oldthe grays are making an appearance . I bought this as it seemed as if it had that extra stepin coating the grays and prepping them for the color to take . Well , I went through the processand right away after stepping out of the shower and drying my hair I could see that the grayswere still showing ! It hardly put a dent into my hair color and where some color might look likeroot highlights , there are still very obvious gray showing . Not happy with this product at all!Now I will have to wait a period of time to do try another product because any additional colorsmight be too harsh on my hair .
 A complete waste . Did n't cover gray . Formula is very thin and drippy . Watch your eyes . Gloves they give you are big , floppy and difficult to work with .
 I was excited upon ordering this item , as I love the line of products , but , without first testing this on myself before purchasing , I was n't able to know ahead of time that the fragrance would be too perfume-y/overpowering . I am not able to use the item .
 I disliked this product greatly , as did my husband . The smell is similar to motor oil and the sticky feeling I get after using it in the shower is terrible . My husband felt the same . The soap also gets everything `` green '' as it melts easily even without submerging it in water . It 's poor quality if you ask me !
 With a name like `` Kiss My Face '' I was hoping for soap with a pleasant smell but it smells like wet cardboard . Very unappealling muddy green color . It does n't lather up very well and did n't seem to have any moisterising effect at all . I gave it two stars because it rinses well .
 this was my first flat iron . since then , i 've learned a lot about my hair , straightening , and hair tools and products . The hairdryer was fine . I was happy with the flat iron at first , but never acheived the results I really wanted . I was only happy b/c I did n't know better . Now , I will only use Chi flat irons . I know it sounds snobby , but it is completely worth the extra money !
 The first thing noticeable about this product is the smell . It 's very medicinal and not appealing at all . I used it for three days until I just could n't stand the smell anymore . If you can get past that , it 's very soothing , lathers nicely , and leaves skin soft . Because of the smell alone , I do n't think I 'd purchase this product again or suggest it to my friends .
 I 've used this product for many years , and it has been changed from a nice absorbing lotion to axle grease . Yuck !
 This is not the real Realities by Liz Claiborne , not even close . Although it is a nice scent , it 's just not the real deal . Notice in some photos its titled Realities by Realities and in others it actually reads Realities by Liz Claiborne . Dont be fooled , I thought maybe they changed to a new bottle design/shape , but the squared-bottle design is the real Realities . I will re-order it , but not from a company that falsely advertises .
 I had a horrible allergic reaction to this soap . It took a few days for it to really build up , but when it did , the itching was unbelievable . The rash came after that . Sooo , I do n't really recommend it . Except maybe as a gift for your worst enemy .
 I had bought the chamomile version of this soap a year ago and liked it very much . I recently bought the fragrance free pure olive oil soap . It was a lot `` greener '' than the first bar I had purchased . This stuff is caustic . It is very drying and irritating to the skin , very unlike my previous experience with the product . I feel as if the soap was not properly cured leaving some of the lye viable , I do n't know . But the product is unusable .
 this soap was a completely waste of my money , first of all it does not moisturize at all , it left my skin ashy , dried and pretty much upset . I would not recommend this soap , the soap smell like palm oil soap instead of olive oil soap .
 But took 3 weeks to receive it . . I pretty much forgot that I had ordered it . This is my favorite face soap
 YUCK !!! Too bad there 's no option for zero star reviews , 'cause this soap deserves one.After three uses , I have broken out in one of the nastiest cases of contact dermatitis that I 've had in years . If you 're even slightly sensitive , I 've avoid this one like the Plague.Two Weeks Later
 I used this soap about four year ago and broke out in a rash on my legs and arms . Recently , I mistakenly used the soap again for a few days and now the rash is back . I do n't know which ingredient I 'm reacting too . I 've read several other accounts of people who had a similar reaction . Makes me wonder if they use an undisclosed chemical in the processing .
 It saddens me to write this review as I strongly support natural products . I purchased this bar soap from whole foods , as I do most of my beauty supplies . I use Kiss My Face body lotion and have had no problems . Unfortunately , Kiss My Face bar soap caused me to break out in the worst rash I have ever had . I developed bruises on my body from the uncontrollable itch , I could not get any relief ! It took me a while to figure out it was my bar soap . I went to my dermatologist multiple times and they misdiagnosed me with scabies !! When that medicine did not work , they had me change my laundry detergent to unscented and switch to dove unscented bar soap . It was not until I was rash free for over a month , I reintroduced the kiss my face bar soap , and with in a few hours broke out in the same horrible rash . If you have sensitive skin , I would not purchase this soap ! I 'm writing this post because I do n't want anyone else to have to suffer like I did : -LRB-
 i mistakenly expected it to be like a luxury soap but no it was quite disappointing the scent was very weak and the color is really awful . . the size was good but then if u hate it it just takes longer to get to its end i will not be using this product twice
 The company has cancelled the order on me with NO EXPLANATION ! Just sorry for the inconvinience , but your order has been cancelled!What a poor customer service !!!
 THIS WAS THE WRONG PRODUCT DELIVERED TO ME !!!! I RECEIVED EARTH SCENT VANILLA !!!!! PLEASE SEND ME THE ONE I ORDERED !!!!!
 smells good but it burns my face and other sensitive areas of the body . works ok on the arms and legs though . would definitely not buy againEDIT
 Feels oily . Peels off . It does not absorb I feel like it sits on top of my face . If your skin isnt very dry its good otherwise no .
 I have used the 8 % alpha hydroxy Peaches & Creme for 5 years with no adverse reactions . So , I thought I would try this 4 % , being a more economical size . I just figured it would be the same ingredients , but with less alpha hydroxy acid . NOT TRUE ! The 4 % is mostly alcohol and other chemicals ! For those of us with sensitive skin ... even though 8 % alpha hydroxy is fine ... this alcohol based lotion will burn your face ! It 's been over 30 minutes since I washed it off and I still look like I have a severe sunburn on my face . I had to take meds to decrease the burning sensation . I hope I wo n't blister ! First six ingredients are water , isopropyl palmitate , cetyl alcohol , glyceryl stearate , glycerin , cetearyl alcohol . USE WITH CAUTION ! Better yet DO N'T USE !
 I have previously bought this product from other sellers before , and always loved it . The lotion is overall wonderful , but this time around I noticed the lotion I paid for and recieved was EXPIRED . The brand is Kiss My Face . If you go to their website and to FAQ it tells you how to find the expiration date . So I found mine , and it expired 12-21-09 . This is 2-24-11 . Not happy , and disgusted , product smells obviously old .
 This lotion is worthless and trust me I 've tried them all so I definitely know what I am talking about . You would be fooled because it comes out a nice thick , creamy , luscious texture . At first pump , I marveled within and said to myself `` Ahhh , this must be good . '' -LRB- I really am obsessed , I love a good moisturizer -RRB- . It takes a while to rub in though , so you 've got to work those hands . When it 's all rubbed in , it feels great . . BUT then after a few minutes , I see flakes of dry skin . This is leading me to believe that a. -RRB- It does not penetrate the skin barrier and b. -RRB- It is actually a very drying lotion . Now I have sensitive , eczema-prone , VERY dry skin . Perhaps it is because I am african-american , I am able to truly see the results because I see little white flakes all over my thighs and this is definitely because of the product . All because I wanted to try something `` natural . '' And after reading the ingredients , I have to admit that the product is n't so natural after all . I 'm better off sticking to aveeno 's daily moisturizing oatmeal cream which is a product that delivers . Another product that delivers is Kiehls Creme de Corps moisturizer . If you would like more moisturizer recommendations , please do not hesistate to reply to this review/message me . This Kiss my face moisturizer is worthless . I know my moisturizers , lotions and butters and unfortunately this is a fail . It 's great that it 's free , but why make something free if it lacks the moisturizing factor ? The people who left 4 and 5 star reviews more than likely do NOT have dry skin . So if you 're looking for something for extremely dry skin , do NOT bother with this.I forgot to add that I had a flare up with first use as I also have very sensitive skin . As I used it more and more , that did not happen again but my skin did feel itchy at times . What a loser of a product , it fails in doing all it 's supposed to do .
 THIS SMELLS LIKE U RUBBING BEER ON YOUR SKIN WHO WOULD BUY THIS I DONT WAN NA SMELL LIKE A JUNKY
 I did not get the product I expected . I got a Clove and Ylang Ylang scent . Picture was very misleading . Do n't like to be tricked into buying something different .
 I was quite surprised by this product when it arrived . I could smell it through the box when I opened the front door -- and so could the mailman ! So let 's start there -- the scent . In one word , yuck . It 's very strongly scented , and heavily perfumed . We use a lot of Kiss My Face products and I was shocked to find that this one was scented so heavily . I know that scent is a personal taste issue , but be aware that this is strong . As far as lather and such , I did wash my hands with it and found it gave a nice lather and clean rinse , which is typical of KMF products . However , I was unable to shower or bathe with it due to the scent . I will continue to buy KMF products , but not in the Peaceful Patchouli scent .
 Several members of my family tried this product and we all independently came to the same verdict on the shower gel -- we did n't like the smell at all . The gel worked just as well as any other we 've tried , the only reason we would n't ever buy this gel is the horrible medicine-like smell that stays with you for several hours . I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 I used to like , Kiss My Face products and love a foamybath . Thhis bottle spurted out hardly any foam andthere is no oil in it I can find . I dont know if I justgot a bad bottle but as it is rather expensive I amsorry I wasted my money on it . I could go to the drugstore and get any cheap brand and get more out of itthan I did this brand and for far cheaper prices.Just my opinion .
 I was very disappointed in the shower gel . The fragrance was strong and almost a musty scent . It also seemed to stay with me for a long time afterwards . This would 've been great had it been a pleasing scent . My teenage daughter also tried it and felt the same way . The gel itself worked well and left my skin smoother than bar soap . I myself would not purchase this product except in other fragrances .
 Although it says it is Peaceful Patchouli , the lack of patchouli scent leaves one less than peaceful . Also the product does not sud , of course this could be our water here , but there are bar soaps that are far better . If this was as good as their hand wash , which does have a stronger scent and it suds up better , this would be a more desireable product .
 Beware - if you are trying this product in place of the Kiss My Face Peaches & Creme AHA 8 % Face/Neck Moisturizer - it is not the same - not even close ! It does n't even smell the same or have the same ingredients or feel the same . It appears that the face and neck moisturizer may have been discontinued - it is no longer listed on the Kiss My Face website . This product is not a good substitute for the face and neck moisturizer .
 I bought this hoping I could use it in place of my favorite face and neck cream . Within minutes my sensitive face was burning . I am frustrated they discontinued my favorite , peaches and cream for face and necks .
 I have combination/oily skin and this product was very thick and left my skin feeling greasy until washed off . This is definitely not a light moisturizer . Not sure how it would work for those with dry skin , but I do n't suggest it for those with oil . It is simply too heavy .
 This lotion is worthless and trust me I 've tried them all so I definitely know what I am talking about . You would be fooled because it comes out a nice thick , creamy , luscious texture . At first pump , I marveled within and said to myself `` Ahhh , this must be good . '' -LRB- I really am obsessed , I love a good moisturizer -RRB- . It takes a while to rub in though , so you 've got to work those hands . When it 's all rubbed in , it feels great . . BUT then after a few minutes , I see flakes of dry skin . This is leading me to believe that a. -RRB- It does not penetrate the skin barrier and b. -RRB- It is actually a very drying lotion . Now I have sensitive , eczema-prone , VERY dry skin . Perhaps it is because I am african-american , I am able to truly see the results because I see little white flakes all over my thighs and this is definitely because of the product . All because I wanted to try something `` natural . '' And after reading the ingredients , I have to admit that the product is n't so natural after all . I 'm better off sticking to aveeno 's daily moisturizing oatmeal cream which is a product that delivers . Another product that delivers is Kiehls Creme de Corps moisturizer . If you would like more moisturizer recommendations , please do not hesistate to reply to this review/message me . This Kiss my face moisturizer is worthless . I know my moisturizers , lotions and butters and unfortunately this is a fail . It 's great that it 's free , but why make something free if it lacks the moisturizing factor ? The people who left 4 and 5 star reviews more than likely do NOT have dry skin . So if you 're looking for something for extremely dry skin , do NOT bother with this.I forgot to add that I had a flare up with first use as I also have very sensitive skin . As I used it more and more , that did not happen again but my skin did feel itchy at times . What a loser of a product , it fails in doing all it 's supposed to do .
 Nice scent but it 's like so many other fruity/citrus/flower scents which seem so popular . So if that is what you want it 's nice and the packaging is cool . Yet it was my choice to buy it scent unsmelled wishing the woodsy description was what I imagined .
 These strips were given fabulous reviews elsewhere so I thought I would give them a shot . Unfortunately , I have found that although they mildly shrink pores , their blackhead removal qualities are poor as most of my blackheads remain . Maybe after another use more will disappear , but I was unhappy to see only 2 blackheads on the strip after use.Use at your own risk .
 I tried this product based on the many wonderful reviews I had and I was extremely dissappointed . I left it on for a full 15 minutes until it was stiff and felt like paper mache , but nothing came off . Maybe I did something wrong since it was my first time using them in a few years , I 'll try them again in 3 days and change my review if they work better . Oh well it was worth a shot .
 I just tried this product and had a severe reaction . My face is bright red and has a burning sensation . The company does have a medical hot line which is a good idea . This is the first time I 've ever had a problem with any product . My advice to you is not to use it and my advice to Biore is to pull it off the market , PLEASE !
 I was hoping I 'd get the smell of buttery lobster . Out of novety I decided to buy this fragrane but it smells like febreze -LRB- which isnt bad for febreze when you want that smell but not when you want lobster -RRB- .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 this must be a great product but its a 220V so if you live in america , beware its not for you . the seller did take it back and was very prompt with the refund . But do n't waste your time buying it . And if you know anyone on amazon who sells a sedu please let me know , cause we can only see UK or european editions .
 First of all , I LOVE Chi and have been a faithful Chi flat iron user for many , many years . However , Chi flat irons do n't always work so well when in Europe and I have had a few burn out on me overseas so I knew that this time around I was n't going to take my Chi to Europe again so I decided I should order a European flat iron that would somehow compare to the quality of the Chi . After reading the reviews of content buyers , I decided that the Sedu was probably my best bet , especially since it was the UK edition . WRONG . Despite all the amazing reviews , mine did not heat up to its best potential , it left my hair with an ugly wave when trying to curl the ends -LRB- I am PRO at curling my hair with flat irons and when using the Chi , the curls came out perfect -RRB- , and my hair looked just OK when done.However , these are the least of my complaints . For the price of this flat iron one would expect that everything would check out perfectly but unfortunately mine just provided me with problem after problem . Perhaps the MOST annoying and frustrating problem though is the fact that the power cord managed to turn itself into a TANGLED MESS . I have had to , on numerous occasions , unravel the cord which is extremely tiring and painful to do as the cord is extremely stiff and bent . Not only is this annoying but I am sure that the pressure and constant unraveling is causing the power cord to slowly detach itself , thus shortening the life expectancy of my flat iron , which then becomes a problem for me because I spent $ 135 plus next day shipping on this . I predict that it will give out in the next few months.DON ' T GET THIS FLAT IRON !!!! Honestly , I could deal with the fact that it does n't heat up to its potential or that my hair does n't curl perfectly but I CAN NOT deal with the fact that the cord is always a tangled mess ! I can not deal with the fact that I have to turn my head AWAY from the mirror when straightening the side furthest away from the plug , and I certainly CAN NOT deal with the straightener plug coming out of the wall socket when I sometimes attempt to straighten one portion of my hair , completely , and to the ends . It is BEYOND annoying . Save yourself the stress and annoyance and choose another flat iron .
 i really want to buy this sedu flat iron . i placed the order on 27 sept and expected it to arrive in thailand on 1 to 7 oct. but out of the blue , i received email from folica and amazon that my order was cancelled , without any explanation , but my credit card was not charged . can anyone tell me what is going on ? i sent email to folica and amazon , but so far , no feed back from them yet . SOS .
 I 'm not too impressed with this . It had a Made in China sticker on the inside part which meant sticky glue got in my hair . This brand is supposed to be gentle on hair , so I did n't appreciate sticker glue gunk getting mixed in there . It felt pretty secure and the color was nice .
 I 'm not too impressed with this . It had a Made in China sticker on the inside part which meant sticky glue got in my hair . This brand is supposed to be gentle on hair , so I did n't appreciate sticker glue gunk getting mixed in there . It felt pretty secure and the color was nice .
 I 'm not too impressed with this . It had a Made in China sticker on the inside part which meant sticky glue got in my hair . This brand is supposed to be gentle on hair , so I did n't appreciate sticker glue gunk getting mixed in there . It felt pretty secure and the color was nice .
 I 'm not too impressed with this . It had a Made in China sticker on the inside part which meant sticky glue got in my hair . This brand is supposed to be gentle on hair , so I did n't appreciate sticker glue gunk getting mixed in there . It felt pretty secure and the color was nice .
 I 'm not too impressed with this . It had a Made in China sticker on the inside part which meant sticky glue got in my hair . This brand is supposed to be gentle on hair , so I did n't appreciate sticker glue gunk getting mixed in there . It felt pretty secure and the color was nice .
 I have an ancient Lancome facial brush that I was attempting to replace . I bought this brush , tried it , and went back to my old one . In my opinion , this brush is far too soft and does n't feel like it is cleaning at all . A wash cloth would be better .
 It took over two weeks for me to recieve it , and when I did the package was damaged and product had leaked out ! I was very unhappy !
 it smells awful ! it 's not strong at all and it does n't resist humidity ! the hairdo will last only for 2 hours and that 's it
 This was a trap ! I bought it thinking that it was a perfume , the price was great , ... When I got it it was a Shower Gel -LRB- that 's why the price was so good -RRB- , I called the store and they said that it was written S/G -LRB- how will I know this means Shower Gel if they had a picture of the perfume on the side ??? -RRB- I was very disappointed about it , and I called them to return my money and they said that I have to mail the wrong product back and they will return it but they do n't return the handling and shipment -LRB- I had no timefor that since I live in Brasiland was in the US -RRB- ... Disaster ! Attention when you get here !!!
 While Sovage works well to soothe chapped lips , I got absolutely no benefit in the plumping department that this product boasts of . I can not recommend this product in the least on the basis of its plumping capabilities . It does provide a nice gloss ; however , I can think of a lot of good lip glosses that do n't cost the same as a tank of gas .
 Maybe I did n't read the description carefully enough , but it was much , much smaller than I had hoped it would be . 5 or 51/2 inches is n't very much to work with when you 're putting on your makeup . The seller was most gracious in giving me a refund and there was no problem with that at all . Of course , I had to pay over $ 12.00 in shipping back and forth .
 this stuff is expensive and a joke for woman with ` black hair ' . number one rule of thumb for blacks with coarse hair , never use products that contain alcohol in them . alcohol is the second ingredient listed on the bottle . i bought it because i read a review that it contained no alcohol . boy was i naive . i used it without even reading the label and when i went to flat iron my hair , what a nightmare situation i ended up with . major breakage and horrible coarse hair . i am used to using paul mitchell products which do wonders for my type of hair . a good majority of his products contain 0 alcohol . it is hard for me to get his stuff in france , where i live , so i decided to go for mizani which is made by l'oreal . l'oreal controls the entire hair care market in france and basically makes it impossible to get good hair care products for blacks . i get my shampoo 's from an african shop an hour from where i live and the owber has to get all of her supplies in the uk because there are no black hair products in france . l'oreal makes sure of it . now they have this line which i am pretty sure was not tested on true african type hair . for those thinking you are getting a great product made for our hair , please be warned . this stuff is for european type hair and should be avoided .
 Looks nothing like the photo - It is a dull and light pink color . I really wish it looked like it did in the picture . Really disappointed !!
 please do not buy this it is a fake just from the box you can see its only suppost to say era in capital letters dont buy this
 I have bought this product several times from other vendors and it was good . This one from nutricity turned out to have a weird smell and it is darker in color . I think it 's just an old product . I also notice now they have lowered their price to less than half of what I payed for it . The price drop may have something to do with the state of the product . Just wanted to let people know that there is a possibility that the product they receive is in the same state as the one I received .
 A cheap piece of plastic with a rubber band and a stick that broke the first time that I tried to use it . They charged me $ 5.00 for shipping and it was sent in an envelope and they only spent .35 stamp . Please remove this item from the market .
 This is pretty worthless . It is low grade plastic and the directions are very unclear . The exact same directions are given for two different styles . I have thin hair and this was a total waste .
 I had a Twistee . It lasted 2 weeks and then broke . The plastic is flimsy . The idea is good and I liked it but it is greatly overpriced . $ 1-2 would be better .
 i do n't think that i liked this product i have alot of hair and it did n't work well
 I moved to a tropical island and started to get white sunspots . I generally get them in the summer and they go away with lotion during the winter . Since there is no winter here i bought this cream to get rid of them . I 've been using this daily for 2 weeks and there has been no change.And it doesnt even smell very good . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 i had no idea this was for a man until after i was using it ! nowhere did i ever see it was moisturizer for a man . i looked and looked at moisturizers trying to pick one out . the one i usually use was `` out of stock '' so i picked this one and my face broke out so bad . then i found it has dimethicone in it which has been known to cause cancer and mutations in lab rats . i was just so excited to get my stuff in the mail and i was totally dissatisfied to the max with the product and with amazon . comin addition to that , most moisturizers on the market have some nasty ingrediants in them i have found out . i am sure it 's not as bad as it sounds when you read about it but still ladies be careful about what you pick out to put on your face especially if you are using things long-term .
 I threw this product away . It looked new but this is NOT Happy . It smells like nothing . The texture was way different than the one I bought in the store .
 This is black with a maroon glitter.It does not blend well , the coverage is a bit spotty , not nice and smooth . I really dislike it . I use it with a liner brush and a little water . You do n't get any of the reddish glitter that way though , it just looks like a dull black liner . I do n't care for it this way either , but it 's the only way I can even figure out how to use it . : /
 I thought that this was going to be a plastic palette , but it is just pressed paper . While it might work for most people , from my professional standpoint I can not spray it down with alcohol to sanitize my shadows and the case between clients because I know over time it will cause the paper to degrade .
 I have a small bottle of vintage Shocking by Schiaparelli that I love . Shocking had been discontinued for decades but was reintroduced sometime in the past 10-20 years . I purchased a large bottle of the modern incarnation and was extremely disappointed . The original perfume is a sophisticated blend of white flowers , cyphres , and aldehydes . It was probably made with real musk or animal ingredients , as was many other perfumes in the 30s , 40s and 50s . The new formula probably uses synthetic musks , and it just does n't have the same appeal . The new formula screamed floral , without being tempered by the amber/aldehyde notes of the original . It was harsh and cloying . I 'll have to continue to find vintage bottles of Shocking rather than buy the new version .
 the bottle is perfect size and sprays good with no drip . I use it for dog training with alittle bit of vanilla for them to use their nose first and it 's perfect for that . The seller on the other hand did n't follow protocall IMO . They over charged for shipping making this item not a great buy . then I cancelled the order and they still shipped the item the next day . 5 stars for the bottle 1 star for the seller .
 I have used this perfume for a long time and for some reason it smelled `` stale '' to me I do n't know if perfume has an expiration date , but if it does , then this bottle i bought has expired .
 I 've worn Ferre since the 90 's and loved it . My wife loved it , everyone loved it . Only one problem ... THIS IS NOT FERRE !! It smells exactly like one of those &#34; imposter &#34; fragrances , only worse . -LRB- like Paco Rabanne & cat pee -RRB- The bottle and packaging look right just not the contents.Perhaps Gianfranco Ferre licensed his brand to an unscrupulous fragrance manufacturer and changed the formulation to cheaper ingredients ? In any event , save your money ... unless you really like overpriced Aqua Velva .
 This product acts like a hairspray . I love the other ISO products I 've tried , but this one leaves hair sticky and crunchy .
 This product did not work for me . I have very fine hair and for some reason the product made my hair stick together and look oily . After paying more than I would have paid for a similar product at the salon -LRB- by the time I paid sh -RRB- , I threw away over three-fourths of the bottle . It was just too sticky .
 Made by
 Mom !!!! How many times has your child came to with something like a brush stuck in their hair . I know my two sisters and me have come to our mom with the Igia twist a braid all tangle up in our hair . I also know that $ 19.99 is not wroth pulling a spring object out of hair . -LSB- This is my opinion . -RSB- The Igia twist a braid is the worst produce I have ever used . Instead of making your hair pettier it just tangles it . So I would not buy the Igia twist a braid.The other reason why is the price is so high $ 19.99 is not cheap . Even though it seems like a good price its not for the produce that you are going to get . As my mom always says money does not grow on trees.I would not recommend it to any one . I would not recommend this produce to the younger age group or the older age group ether . Another reason why I would not recommend this tool to any body is it is the worst object in the word to tangle up hair . That 's is my recommendation for the produce.I remember when I got the Igia twist a braid , and it came with a video and instructs sheet so the dictions where very well explain , the price may be good but the produce its just not good . If you ask me I would say that the Igia twist a braid is a big piece of junk.So there you have it a produce review on the Igia twist a braid . So did that change your mind on the Igia twist a braid . Well if it did not then I wish you the best of luck with your new hair tangle .
 I bought this perfume for Christmas not knowing how it smelled . Jennifer Lopez 's perfumes are usually light smelling and beautiful , but this one is too strong and smells like an old folk 's home blew up . Everywhere .
 I am tottallly not suprised that when I got this as an early hannukka present that it was going to smelll bad , and I was right when can jennifer lopez get that if she ca n't act what makes her think she can make good perfume it smells cheap and is not attractive what 's so over
 Unfortunately , for the first time I must rate negatively a product purchased from Amazon LLC . The inner package came completely damaged -LRB- actually torn and the liquid was leaking -RRB- . It is unacceptable .
 iam 29 and using this product for two weeks . i seen that whenever i shampoo my hair with this product my hair looks little fuller and managable but the root cause of the problem gets even more worst . It sheds my hair in more quantities the next day when i wash it . . This scars me a lot because i dont want to lose what i have right now . Been losing hair since i was 19 years old and it seems to me that i have MPB . and the only product works better for me is provillus and also hair regain shampoo and treatment . thats the best i seen so far . Prolexil treatment does wonders on my hair by regrowing my hairs back . but nisim is waste of money people . try prolexil and pronoxidil . its amazing result appers in 3 months
 does not do any wonders ... it rather weighs your hair down and makes it look flatter and thinner . Have been using for 3 weeks now . . still no change !
 Product came in a box properly packed with bubble wrap , but it was open and there was dye all over the box ! I am unsure whether this was the sellers fault or just ups . It seems ups does not believe in handling packages very well
 I 'm really annoyed as i am yet to receive this product . it is supposedly stopped in custums . What good is that to me ????????
 It 's so hard to tell with heat flashes - so much effects them . But I have n't noticed any decrease in frequency or severity since using this product .
 This stain works ok for cheeks but not good on lips . It dried my lips out really bad . It also left a stain line on my bottom lip where all of the stain had gathered .
 The color is way too sheer ... does not even give nice natural rose color to my very pale lips . I will try another lip stain product . Also , it is drying to the lips and causes them to feel sticky .
 A lip & cheek stain I like a lot better than this one is You Glow Girl Lip & Cheek Stain . The colors are better -LRB- red & coral -RRB- and it stays on longer . I 've bought it before on eBay , but they also have a website where you can see a picture of a model wearing it . I think the web address is -LSB- ... -RSB- . I hope this helps !
 i do n`t like it ! ~ it was really late !! it was really late !! it was really late !! it was really late !! it was really late !! it was really late !! it was really late !! it was really late !! it was really late !!
 i did n't receive the product from the seller however i bought it from the store and it was great , it looks like a second skin . very natural looking.the coverage is medium but its build-able .
 this was not CE Ferulic inside the bottle . I took it to a skin doctor practice , they advised me it was a different product . NOT VERY HAPPY since i paid alot of money for it . thanks for asking ???????????
 If your hair is longer than 6 '' , or very thick , the `` easy clips '' will not work . The packaging says they are for big soft curls . Translation
 these rollers suck . the clips cant hold anything ! that dot on the roller that says if they are ready never changes and the felt has no slit to grip them . its really hard to roll and to keep them in . a waste of money . and if they get knocked over all of them go everywhere . i bought the conair rollers that are pink and they are great .
 Used to use this 20 - 25 yrs ago when the store Giorgio was open in Beverly Hills . Product must be made elsewhere or by a different formula now - -- as it just is not the same - - does not have the same scent as it used to . Sorry .
 I buy this all the time and never spend more than $ 15 . It is a great productPlease go to Clinique.com first .
 One of the perfumes came out broken , I have n't even open it , it has the plastic wraping and everything it came with , but there 's perfume comming out of the plastic , enough that it damaged the wood cabinet where I put it !!!
 This product does not work ... at all . Like most , basically all , acne solutions , this product is a lie . I had very bad acne a couple of years ago and tried everything , including these tablets . Nothing helped clear my face until I went to the dermatologist . If acne is a real problem for you , you need to see a dermatologist ; you will not regret it !!! On another note , these tablets did absolutely nothing , made my skin neither better nor worse . So basically , it was like I threw money away .
 Unfortunately the pump was broken on 2 of my creams and can not get them out so was n't really happy with them at all .
 I really do n't like Dial soap that much . First , it has a kind of industrial smell too it , like antiseptic or something . I also do n't feel quite as fresh and clean after using Dial soap as I do with other soaps . As a result I hardly ever use it anymore .
 This so called nail polish thinner actually does n't work . I used it to thin many of my nail polish and at a glance , it seemed to work . However , when I actually used them , they were thickened again . It kind of ruined my favorite nail polishes ... so disappointed .
 I 'm a nail blogger so I have a ton of polish and a lot of it is getting pretty thick . With the good reviews on this thinner I thought this was the cheaper option to my costly problem . WRONG ! This thinner sticks . Both literally and figuratively . It has a very strong scent to it , but as it 's a chemical product that was expected . What I did n't expect was for this thinner not to work -- at all ! I tried fewer drops ; I tried more drops . Nothing . My thickened polish gets this watery wet look to it as the thinner settles over it , but it stays thick and gooey . The thinner just does n't seem to penetrate the thick polish no matter how much rolling or shaking I do . I tried this in one of my polishes that was just starting to thicken and managed to get some of it on my nail , but it just caused horrible bubbling . It 's a complete and total waste of time , polish , and money .
 I bought this thinner and left it in my nailart bottle . it came to the top and when I went to do a nail design it was horrible . It made the nail polish dull , and very watery . this product stinks !!!!!
 I hate the smell of this product , it 's so strong!Also , it does not work with any of my nail polishes that are Drying or gooey . I put a few drops at a time and shook it . Nothing . I feel like it was a waste of money
 This review for the specific bottle of Princess I bought on Amazon from Trendsetters , not the perfume in general . I 've purchased 2 bottles of Princess from the department store and I love it . I found it on Amazon for half what I pay at Macy 's and thought it was worth a shot . The perfume itself should be pink in color ; the bottle I received contained a clear liquid with a slight bit of pink -LRB- only if you hold it to the light -RRB- . When I sprayed it , it had no scent whatsoever . Nothing . The nozzle on the perfume bottle smelled sort of like black pepper . Basically , its not perfume , its just water and food coloring . I wanted to return it , but perfume is on the list of non-returnable items because its a flammable material . I filed a claim with Amazon and contacted the seller in hopes I can get a refund . Do n't waste your money and do n't buy anything from Trendsetters ; they 're only here to cheat you . I assume most of these positive reviews are from people who work for Trendsetters .
 I 'm so dissapointed with this purchase . The product is so adultered with alcohol that the original fragance is almost imperceptible . This is my second Vera Wang Pincess bottle . I bought the first one at amazon.com too and I loved it , so my husband bought another one for me as a gift . We 're so sad , the product is totally falsified .
 the pic show the color is pink or purple , but which I got is black wrong thing in the order
 The item was in the original box , but it was obvious that it had been re sealed . The bottle was n't secure in the box as it would be if purchased from a store . The perfume was n't the same color as the original perfume is . It should be a lilac color , instead it was a strange grey color . The smell is similar but does not last as long on the skin or clothing as the original that I had purchased from a department store . I 'm not really sure what I purchased but it was definitely not Vera Wang princess . Needless to say I was a little disappointed , this was also my first purchase on amazon . Better luck next time I suppose .
 This fragrance is ok for the teen princesses . This scent does n't linger and is too subtle . Not as nice as vera wang Vanity or Sheer Veil . I do n't recommend this unless you are 16 and under . I gave it to my 11 year old and she loves it .
 When I saw the review that said this perfume is better than Thierry Mugler 's Angel , I was so excited because it 's my favorite scent . I thought I would LOVE Vera Wang 's Princess . Well , I spray it on and for 2 seconds I smell a baby powder type scent and then , absolutely nothing . Uuggh !! I was thankful that I only paid $ 28.00 including shipping for an unopened box from Ebay.Update
 This was a Christmas Gift that was scheduled to deliver Dec. 22nd . I have Never recieved it.Tracking pacage says that it is on the truck for delivery ever since Dec. 22nd . UPS says that they ca n't help me , that Amazon has to request help . Problem is that I can ` nt get hold of anyone at Amazon to help me . This is the last time that I purchase from them !!!!
 It smells good but as soon as you spray it on the scent disappears . It has a nice floral smell but not worth the money because you ca n't even smell it . Very dissapointing .
 I am very disappointed in the quality of this perfume !! I had been wanting it for so long , but had to wait to spend $ 60.00 on a bottle of perfume , to be so let down !! It smells really good but only for a few minutes !!!! Vera Wang must not put any oil in her perfumes ! For the cost one would expect it to last for awhile !!! Will not purchase again !!!
 I have had 3 other Vera Wang Princess products -LRB- the smaller bottle , larger bottle , and roll on -RRB- . This product appears completely different than the quality of my other Princess products -- see the color , fragrance -LRB- this one smells strongly of alcohol for a while -RRB- , and bottle quality -LRB- the ring/crown metal -RRB- . I would return this product in a heartbeat . Do not purchase it if you have had experience with the original -LRB- real , is this product a fake or did Vera Wang butcher her popular scent ? -RRB- .
 Its organic and that 's the only best part . However it does n't spray evenly and clumps -LRB- white small patches -RRB- worse than other chemical sprays , which shouts out to the world that your hair has been cemented with a spray , which is a deal breaker . Even if its organic , if the finish is not clean , there 's no point in using this . I will continue to search for something that provides clean finish and organic.Update
 I bought this spray because I am sensitive to chemical , but need spray for dance performance . First , this works great for a firm hold , does n't smell bad , and dries quickly . I like it for what it does . However , I have used it twice now , and each time I have had a headache the next day . I am extremely sensative , so most people would be OK . Also , I agree with another commenter that this product takes two days to wash out , and with all the washing my hair feels stripped . I am looking for another product .
 This hair spray does not spray - it squirts , leaving hair clammy and dry . It may be a natural product but it damages my hair the same way other chemical sprays do . Will not buy again .
 I really wanted to like this product since I 'm moving to more natural personal care items . Unfortunately , this product did n't spray evenly and did n't hold my short fine hair for more than a couple of hours . I 've ordered my old stand-by Eurphora Firm Mist Finishing Spray which works beautifully for me . My search for a natural hairspray continues .
 I was really excited to get this product ... mother of 3 , never have time to lay out in the sun ... this was the perfect solution . Carefully read the directions and tried to apply it , but it came out in clumps ... ??? ... maybe I got a defective bottle ... I do n't know , but I had to quickly smear the globs around on my skin to keep it from looking ` patchy ' . I would not purchase again .
 I 've used tanning beds and many self-tanners over the years and am on a search for as close to `` perfect '' self-tanner as possible . Based on most of the reviews of this product I was looking forward to giving it a try , but the one or two people that said it would wash off after one day were correct . Total waste of $ $ in my opinion , do n't bother with it .
 I have bought this product before and usually have no problems but this last time the can spray nozzel was messed up so I did not even get to use the can of spray .
 Drench used to sell a different product that came in a yellow can and I really liked it , it was called instant tanner . I thought they had just changed the packaging , wrong . The old stuff was a more yellow or ash tone . This new product is very orange or even redish . I used the old product to spray my feet when I wore sandles as funny as that sounds . My feet just do n't tan as quickly as the rest of me . This new product stained any calloused areas orange that lingered way after the other areas had wore off after showering . -LRB- both knees and feet -RRB- My boy friend pointed at my feet and said what 's that orange stuff . Ha ! I guess I need to keep looking .
 First ... this picture is not what you get . You get the old cans , which alarm me because if that 's what they are selling , that 's what should be pictured & also who actually knows how old the old cans actually are !!! Second ... they make it seem like a great deal getting the spray can for $ 7.00 , but in all actuality they charge you an obsene amount for shipping so just watch out for that . I ordered 1Can and my shipping $ 36.00 !!!! So I cancelled my order asap because that just seemed like a scam to me . I order self tanners ALL the time , this one in particular , and NEVER have had an experience like this . I cancelled this one & ordered the same product -LRB- 3 cans -RRB- for the same price the company was going to charge for 1 w/shipping !!!!
 I used to use this and loved it . looked dark and natural . Now i put it on and in one day it looks dirty . Am disappointed although the price was great -LRB- $ 7.00 instead of $ 17.00 at Sallys -RRB- but will look for someting else
 I bought this lotion because I am new to tanning and somewhere I ran into or got recommended this lotion , I do not like the smell at all , its a turn off totally , but it does moisturize your skin . Shipping was fast and nothing was broken .
 they advertised the smell to be `` light baby power fragrance '' . this is more like a heavy-heavy strong power fragrance . the fragrance to toooo strong for me to use .
 This product appears to be defective and is of the consistancy of water instead of lotion and needs to be replaced or reimbursed for , thanks for your anticipated cooperationBob Nerhus
 Normally I love the lotion . I do n't remember ordering unscented but when my order arrived that is what I got . Tried to call the company back that it came from but they would not correct the problem Definitely will not order from them again .
 Because of the good reviews , I purchased Body Drench.What a smell ! the product itself maybe a good lotion.but I could not stand the smell.I gave away to my friend who was ok with the fragrance.Before purchasing , I would recommend to try the sample first .
 I have normal to dry skin . I 'm not sure where the rave reviews are coming from , but this lotion was not for me . It is not greasy , but it has a soapy feel when you put it on . It feels like there 's a film of soap on me and it left my skin feeling dry . The scent did not agree with me . It has a very `` old lady perfume '' smell that lingers . Unfortunately I purchased the gallon size based on all the great ratings . If you 're curious ... I 'd recommend you go with the smallest size . I 'm not sure what grade the ingredients are but overall the lotion feels very cheap to me .
 My Mom has suffered from rosacea for years . After using this product for a few weeks , there was absolutely no improvement in the redness or texture of her skin . She 's since started using an OTC face scrub by Pond 's and her face looks better than it has in years .
 Was suppose to get to me by Christmas . Said it was shipped out on the 14th and here it is the 28th and still nothing . This company is a joke . Do not order from them .
 Company sent sparkling body gel by L'Instant instead of Body Lotion and has not responded to several emails through amazon about returning the product . I thought I was ordering straight from Amazon -- will look closer next time .
 I ordered this lotion twice from this company . The first time , no problem . The second time I got this horribly glittery gel . I contacted them . NO response . I finally had to open a report against them just to get them to respond to my messages . Their e-mail responses were inconsistent and unsatisfactory . They told me they had already mailed me a replacement several times , and it never showed . DO NOT RISK ordering here . It is not worth it . Now they are claiming they gave me a refund , but I have n't been able to confirm that yet . Also , I repeatedly told them I wanted a replacement , and they sent multiple e-mails confirming the replacement was in route to me . All lies from them . This is not a honest or reliable company . You should never have to open a report in order to get a response from a company that sends the wrong items . Consider yourself warned . I wish I 'd listened to the person who had the same experience I did before it happened to me , too .
 First let me say ... If there is a Shampoo , Conditioner , Moisturiser etc. . . I have either tried it or I am about to . My bathroom is stocked!I have processed normal/fine textured hair that is on the dry side . Due to blow drying and using a curling or flat iron , my hair needed help . This product sounded perfect for my hair . Instead it was a disaster ! My hair seemed flat and dryer . Just plain gross . The company was very cooperative in returning my money.Ps ... I also had a scalp reaction -LRB- dry , itchy etc -RRB-
 I had color treated hair that is basically normal , so I thought well maybe it -LRB- shampoo & conditioner -RRB- would improve my hair in some way . So I tried it and oh my I looked like a grease pit . My hair was flat and lifeless . I wash my hair every other day and that second day was even worse . I looked liked I had not washed my hair in days ! I could n't even style it as usual cause it was so flat and greasy . The next time I even used the conditioner just on the ends and still just as bad . This must be for severly dry hair that needs moisture . It definately did n't work for me !
 was empty when received i love clinique products . unhappy with empty container . Will be more careful ordering in the future
 I purchased this item while looking for new colognes . i thought these would be hard to find and this had a few together . one of the bottles was open and had leaked all inside the package and it all smelled like that certain cologne . the whole set itself was really poor quality . it looks nice in the picture but i found it seemed very old and expired and the scents were really bad . it was like buying some dusty cologne from goodwill or something . the Le Roy Soleil Dali scent was actually kind of nice but considering the cost of the whole set its one ridiculously overpriced sample . i do not recommend at all .
 This scent is too pungent ! I had to wash it off as it was giving me a headache . Love the product so will have to find another scent .
 This cream was not the fragrance I had hoped for . It smells more like plastic than lilac . It takes awhile to absorb leaving a coating of white the skin . Will not purchase this brand again .
 These soaps are very pretty and carved , and look just the way I wanted them to . However , they are so overly perfumed and so strong smelling they give me a headache and make me almost sick . They seem like they are artificially scented , since most natural scents do n't cause headaches . i really regret buying them and doubt I can use them .
 Was quite dissapointed in this product . My friend told me it was wonderful and I have read many great reviews on here so I did n't hesitate to purchase . After using it for about a month my hair is nothing but split ends ! Quite dissapointed . I have such a hard time finding good products for my hair , so far I have found Bumble & Bumble , & Pureology - I keep looking for others out there but no luck so far !
 I saw great reviews for this conditioner , and I had already been using the shampoo by the same company so I decided to give the conditioner a try for extra help with my thinning hair , and really thought it would be great . It turned out to be very light conditioning which suprised me since it is quite expensive . I tried it several times and used more each time hoping it was the amount I was using but the results were always the same . It was such a light conditioner that my hair was always left feeling dry . The shampoo I was using has red clover in it and it too is possibly somewhat drying , but I had n't noticed it nearly as much with my previous conditioner . So I switched back to my previous conditioner , Pureology . My hair seemed to be thinning for the last few years so it was only recently that I decided to get these highly reviewed shampoo and conditioners for my thinning issue , but the Alterna red clover shampoo is what I will stick with and then go with the pureology conditioner for conditioning .
 No directions received with this product - did not feel comfortable spraying this on my face !
 the box was open and it looked old and the bottle was half empty . this was a bad buy for me because i paid for a new product
 The product arrived , but must have been damaged in shipping -LRB- that or it is just faulty -RRB- . The perfume spray cap does n't work so I ca n't use it ! I 'm disappointed because I really wanted to try this out . Also , Amazon does n't take returns on flammable items so be warned ! : s
 Ususally I buy Amarige by Givenchy from the sky mall when I travel . This one has nothing to do with the original that I am used to . It smells like the imitation one sold at the dollar store . I am very disapointed .
 This does n't smell like the perfume you get in a fine department store . Smells like a generic or watered down version .
 The perfume is awesome but I wanted this bottle for traveling and the top does n't close tightly . I will use it up but only at home .
 I purchased this for my wife . Her is her take on the product
 The picture on the site looks like a small spray but its not , The bottle was not sealed and 1/3 of the perfume missing , looks used + the box came in slightly crushed.Not HappyRC
 I brought this item thinking that this products was original . It 's very obvious that the box has a bad quality , the labels at the botton of the bottle , besides this product does n't have the code from an original manufacturer . It 's going to be the last time I buy a perfum on the Internet .
 Bobbi Brown Face Base Cream is n't for me . I have been using Bobbi Brown products for several years . I love Bobbi Brown skin care and make up line . The shea butter in the Face Base is why it is difficult for me to put on my foundation evenly . Ask for a sample locally before buying this product online .
 I just got this one and not sure if thats a real perfume . You spay it on and it just does n't smell or last at all . It was shipped from some Tuccini Corp. in NY .
 It 's repulsive to my senses ! I do n't recommend buying this unless you are absolutely sure you want this cologne . Dolce & Gabbana Signature and L'eau D'issey By Issey Miyake are my current favorite !
 it 's probably been shelved for a long while because once you spray it on
 I have been wearing this cologne for over 5 years . When I ran out a few weeks ago , I ordered this one for $ 35 sold by
 I am sure that there are a lot of people out there that this smells nice on . But as you know every scent reacts differently on everyone and this scent does nothing for me . I will not buy it agian .
 this is fake cologne . real claiborne has the info on the bottom of bottel.this is being ship to a place in new york.water down do not buy from amazon.com till they stop selling fake things . only one star becouse they make you put something dowm .
 this was not as I remembered it smelling like . I used to have this same cologne back in the day and the memories were good which is why I bought this one . Bad idea ! I dont know if it was just me or this is now where near the original . since it was so long ago I ca n't really tell . All I know is this version stinks . Thank god it was only $ 10 . It will be a gift for someone I do n't like very much . lol ...
 I like LIZ Clairborne for men but the version sold at amazon was completely dissappointing . It does not last as the original version . I pour a lot of this bottled water everyday and the fragance fade away so quickly that I am NOT LONGER buying the promotions offered at Amazon . It is really a shame that we can not trust this channel of distribution any longer .
 This is not what I remember the original smelling like , This has a horrible smell I would not even use this as air freshener this is a knock off that is out of control !
 I bought this product based solely on reviews . When I tried it , the Eau de Toilette was even fainter than most others of its kind . It kind of smells like something you 'd give a child . Not an appropriate perfume for a woman .
 The items shipped were not Malibu-2000 as stated and indicated on the invoice . Items were `` Malibu '' an entirely different and arguably inferior product .
 I ordered Malibu 2000 , and received Malibu -- might be the same , but it does not work as well as the Malibu 2000 that was used in the salon . The shampoo was open when it arrived and I had hundreds of packaging peanuts covered with shampoo -- the instructions for return made it clear that I would be responsible for the cost of return shipping . To pay 20.00 for shipping for a 20.00 purchase seemed pretty pointless . This was my first time buying anything on Amazon except books , and will be my last .
 As another reviewer said , this is not Malibu 2000 as advertised . It is Malibu Swimmers ' Water Action , and does not work as well as Malibu 2000 , as I know from past experience . It is going back ! The shipping was super fast , and the top was taped , so the item arrived intact .
 I really enjoyed this scent years ago and thought about it getting it again , was excited and sprayed it and it was really nasty smelling.Not sure if it ` sbeen changed or the cologne is old -LRB- i know nothing about cologne if that can happen -RRB- just very dissapointed with it and wo n't purchase it again
 I 'll admit I 've never waxed before but I got really sick of shaving and suffering from cuts , bumps and ingrown hairs . I wanted something that lasted longer . I got a new Braun Epilator , worked great on my legs and did n't hurt too much but tried it on the bikini area and and it was too painful . I even tried using a 5 % lidocaine which is a local anesthetic cream I bought off of amazon for $ 50 . Anyways , the epilator is another story.Bought this stuff at Bed Bath and Beyond for about $ 18 . Cleaned the area thoroughly , applied the lidocain cream to help ease the pain , waited about 30 mins , then applied some talcum powder as suggested in the directions . I had my husband do it for me and the pain was unbearable . I have a pretty moderate pain tolerance -LRB- I could epilate my legs without any problem ! -RRB- but this stuff was torture . Still I gritted my teeth and bared it through 7 applications of this stuff.Now it * MIGHT * have been worth it had it taken all the hair off the area where applied the first time . But it did n't and I quickly realized it was going to take every single strip -LRB- 20 provided -RRB- used several times each -LRB- you can use them more then once -RRB- and every single spot would have to be gone over several times despite already being raw and red . We had to heat the stuff up again after every two applications to , which was a hassle in itself.Good thing we stopped or else we probably would have been at it all night . Incidentally , and because my husband could n't stand my screaming , we gave up . There were splotches of blood all over the paper and I was shaking . We read the instructions carefully and performed it exactly as stated so I ca n't think of anything we could have done wrong.Going to a professional tomorrow , nothing can be worse then this stuff . I 'm still shaking from it and its been several hours ! The only thing I can say about it is that it was easy to clean off . But never ever again !
 If you are not a professionel vaxer it does n't work . The star is for the design
 Got this as a natural alternative , and although I love all things natural , I also know that sometimes it might not get the job done . This formula says for all hair types , but it clearly does not work on coarse thick hair . I have very strong hair that resists most waxes ... so I kind of knew better than to try this . The design is nice and helps you apply an even thin layer , however the wax does cool quickly and I do n't wax next to my microwave . It removed maybe 1/3 of my leg hair , and you can only do a couple passes . The thinner lighter hair on my inner thigh was 75 % removed after the second pass ... which shows that it just ca n't tackle the tough stuff .
 I love the fragrance and it leaves a wonderful fragrance on the skin . It does leave your skin soft , but we were only able to get 16 showers from it and I watched as it literally shrank to nothing in my hand as I used it . I do not spend an excessive amount of time showering and typically get around 2-3 weeks worth of use from a bar of soap before it disappears to nothing -LRB- with two of us using it ~ ~ sometimes twice daily when we have 95 degree days ! -RRB- . We opened the soap on Thursday evening and by the following Tuesday morning , it was just a thin shadow of what it once was . Very disappointed in the longevity of it ! Will not purchase it again even if it does smell wonderful !
 I too ordered `` Accenti '' by Gucci for women and Macy 's also sent `` Hugo '' Boss for men that is only worth half the price of what I paid -LRB- which definitely sounded to good to be true at $ 57.00 -RRB- . At the very least they could have made an effort to send a womens cologne of equal value . This order could n't have been more off if they tried .
 Do not try to order this from here . This perfume has been discontinued for several years now . When I ordered from Macy 's I received Hugo Boss men 's cologne instead .
 can not imagine how some people like this smell . It made every body in the house nauseous.You got to smell this before you think about ordering such a cheap thing . Base line Cheap , can not be used .
 This scent is too pungent ! I had to wash it off as it was giving me a headache . Love the product so will have to find another scent .
 This cream was not the fragrance I had hoped for . It smells more like plastic than lilac . It takes awhile to absorb leaving a coating of white the skin . Will not purchase this brand again .
 Ordered Double Black , received package sealed-box marked Double Black , once opened ... Just Black . Wrong scent . Cologne was a gift and package was thrown away , so I ca n't return it . Expensive mistake . I 'll pay full price to get the right item next time .
 I have used the regular Polo Black to great delight , so I thought `` Double Black '' meant double the fun , an upgrade . Wrong . It is too strong , a choking loud smell . I like aqua gentle perfumes , the regular black is great but I wo n't recommend this unless you like strong perfumes .
 Compared to Polo ` green ' cologne , the fragrance of Polo Double Black QUICKLY disappears . Polo Green lasts all day . Ralph Lauren needs to fix this . The Double Fragrance is great . But , RL needs to do something that will make it last as long as Polo Green . Until then , I 'm going back to Polo Green.Very disappointed in this product !
 Please do not buy this item . It does not have any quality of other polo products . If you buy any perfume go with other companies . Do not waste your money . I feel I have wasted my money .
 If anything is a metter of personal taste , perfume is . I have several perfumes in the Aqua Allegoria line and love them all . I also like the scents of which this is composed , but hate the perfume . Really , this was a surprise . I disliked it so much I could not wait to wash it off . It reminded me of a recipe gone bad.Time was , I would not have thought basil would be a nice note , but there is one I got this year in Crabtree & Evelyn 's natural line which is quite nice . In that one , the orange dominates and the basil is quite subtle . In the Anisia Bella it was the other way around.If you like Herbal fragrences , grassy notes
 I have recieved this as a gift from a friend . Truth be told , I am not fond of this perfume . I wore this to work yesterday and all I can smell is the anise in this perfume . The anise gives it the liquorice smell to it . I am debating if I should just hang on to it because the bottle is pretty cool looking and my friend gave it to me or give it away . I ca n't see myself using up a 4.2 ounce bottle of this anytime soon unless I use it as an air freshiner .
 Just could n't wait to get my Kai as I always have loved it when tried on in a store . I was delighted when I sprayed it on , but was very disappointed to realize that the lovely fragrance barely lasts til you reach the door of the house . Too bad , I wo n't buy it again for this reason .
 I am a Kai user for many years ... and this product smelled teriible . . definitely not Kai . I contacted seller who was reude and unresponsive ... definitely will never order form them again .
 I just bought this recently and it is DEFINITELY not the Kai I usually buy from Lucky Scent . I have been wearing this perfume for years and I know that it is n't the same . It also does n't last for more than an hour . I bought from this seller because it was much cheaper ... now I know why ! Hard lesson learned ...
 bought kai from this site found out they were not a authentic kai retailer , got perfume , box was open , not shrink wrapped bottle nozzle was wet , and perfume was not filled up . learned my lesson , now go to kai 's website for authorized dealers ... you get what you pay for .
 I give this stars because it does condition . However , it stained the shower floor , rubbed off on my white towel and reduced the shine in my hair . When my hair is short and layered , as it is now , I use the True Red shampoo and the Leave-In conditioner , which I wash out . If I want to air dry curly , I towel dry , rub -LRB- do n't comb -RRB- in a dab of Brilliantine and just a touch of B&B Curl Mousse , fluff and scrunch and leave to dry . If I want to blow dry , I use just a dab of Super Rich conditioner instead , wash out , rub and comb in just a dab of Brilliantine and blow dry without further product . I use henna - no chemicals - and B&B has always worked better for me than any other product .
 I really did not understand that nearly one month they could not send my shampoo order.Just shampoo !! And there was no warn about the supplier stocks or another notice , still I do not know why still I am waiting?More than this I can not cancel my order I have to wait whenever They decide to send my order even it will be along time . .
 This hand cream contains no jasmine ! It says jasmine on the front , then says in the description on the back that it 's jasmine , but there is NO JASMINE in the ingredients , and it of course has no jasmine scent whatsoever .
 but i could n't stand the smell of this , and i am reluctant to put things on my skin , that have chemicals in it ... just not for me , although a friend loves it , i just gave it to someone at work
 I bought this product from my hair salon . The first time I used it it was alright , but then after like the third time it made my hair began to get really oily . It did make my hair reflect light ... but not in a good way !! It was a gross , unwashed shiny look ! Disgusting , do not buy this . . Also , its rly difficult to get the cap to open.Btw , the conditioner i use now and LOVE is matrix sleek look conditioner , its fabulous .
 This shampoo and conditioner smelled strongly of mint and was not exactly how I wanted to go around smelling . However , if it would make my hair thicker then I did n't care enough to not use it . The scalp spray is the real stinker though-completely gross . But its better than being a bald 26 year old woman . My scalp did itch some after starting this shampoo . I 've only used this nioxin treatment for a week and unfortunately I wo n't be able to continue . I made the bad decision to try a new body soap at the same time as I started this shampoo and this caused me some confusion as to what was causing an allergic reaction I started to have . I spent the past week hoping the hives I had all over my upper body was n't from my new , expensive shampoo . However , after yet another night of hives on my arms I decided my dream of nice , thick hair was not meant to be and I dabbed some of this nioxin gunk on my hand to confirm my fear once and for all that yes , this stinky shot I had at keeping my hair is no longer an option . Read the label before you buy ... Maybe find a local hair masters and dab a spot of the conditioner on your hand before buying here on amazon . A week in and my hair is still falling out at its fast and steady pace ... it does say to use for 30 days to see a difference though so who knows if it would really work or not . From my experience the shampoo cleans your hair like shampoos supposed to-It makes you smell really bad-It makes your scalp itch-Its spendy . One plus is my hair felt super clean-until spraying the treatment spray . If you 're balding then none of these things -LRB- besides an allergic reaction -RRB- will really deter you from trying it ... really nothings worse than being a bald female but beware of the negatives and expect the worse . Also , after looking at various reviews online ... it does seem to have made quite a few people have allergic reactions as well .
 My scalp become irritated and caused serious flaking . After 2 months , Nioxin worsens the problem and my hair is thinning even more.My hair is thinning even more after I started to use Nioxin.The flaking is horrible too.Now I have two problems . Thinning hair and serious flaking . : -LRB-
 I BOUGHT THE CLEANSER AND WAS SENT THE CONDITIONER TWICE . I WAS TOLD BY THE COMPANY THEY WILL SEND ME A CLEANSER AND IT HAS BEEN 4 MONTHS . HAVE SENT EMAILS NO ANSWER . WHEN YOU PLACE YOUR OREDER BE CAREFULL . THE COMPANY CLAIMS IS AMAZONS FAULT ???? STILL DO N'T HAVE THE SHAMPOO I PAID FOR .
 VBS beauty can not back up their shipping , recieved half empty bottle , tough luck to bad , Lost my hard earned money with these folks , Go to your local store and purchase full bottle , this company is a rip off !
 Bought it last year around June 2011 , and still using it in March 2012 every day for more than 1min , and I do n't see any improvement . Will try for a full year but kind of dissapointed . I guess if it does not work then I should be proud to keep it short and clean my balding head . Thank you and Good Luck ! ... I 'm 35 .
 This came quickly , but the product seems counterfeit . I do n't have a real way to prove it , but it is definitely different from what I used to get at Costco .
 I had used Nioxin System 1 Cleanser for years . It was wonderful for my baby-fine , thin hair . It left my hair looking full , without any buildup , meaning that I never felt the need to alternate shampoos . I always bought the jumbo size , and recently finished a bottle . The new formula , which is no longer made in the U.S. leaves my hair stiff , dull , flat and coated . After 3 shampoos , I feel the need to use a clarifying shampoo just to get some life back in my hair . I am now looking for a replacement for my favorite shampoo . Nioxin is no longer what it pretends to be !
 I had gotten this product several years ago and the ingredients were all natural . This newer product has a bunch of things in it that I DO NOT like to use . Very diappointed . Ingredients were not listed so I could I tell until I purchased it .
 I 've used this product for close to 15 years without an issue . The formula was `` redone '' by Nioxin and now there ARE issues . Like enough hair falling out to clog the shower drain daily . The newer formula is pure white and thick and comes in a bottle with a black bottle cap with WHITE top to it . The old formula had an ALL black bottle cap . I just got done `` chatting '' with Nioxin and they told me of the formula change and did n't believe there is a difference . I do have about 4oz of the old formula in my travel kit to compare with the `` new '' formula . The older formula had a pale green hue to it and smelled more pepperminty and was relatively thin , compared to this `` newer '' formula . I have put both products on a paper towel to compare and this is correct . I 've run into the product before , which is pure white , thick and comes in the bottle with the black bottle cap with WHITE top before and noticed a greatly excellerated rate of hair loss , as it covered my shower drain daily . This was NEVER an issue with the older pale green formula . All Nixoin has offered is my money back and for me to look for another product elsewhere.I was able to get a bottle of the old formula from a online supplier , now out of stock completely , as soon as I was able to start using the old formula again the hair loss STOPPED ! To bad Nioxnin you really have disappointed a formerly dedicated customer .
 I 've used the whole Nioxin system -LRB- # 1 -RRB- for about 2 years now . I finally gave up and stopped . After all this time and money spent , I have no perceived increase in hair density like the bottle claims and all it has done is made my hair fall out even more ! I know most people say it falls out at the beginning of use because its dead hair and takes time to improve the scalp environment but my hair would fall out after Nioxin use every single time up until today . I 'm now going back to regular shampoos and conditioners so my hair will stop falling out ! Do n't believe in this product ... its a rip off . I also confirmed with 2 different Dermatologists that its all a gimmick and does nothing ! That , with my own personal experience is definitely proof enough that its a waste of money ! Do n't waste your time and money people .
 I have been using Nioxin Cleanser System 1 for the past 12 years . My recent purchase did not contain the shampoo I have been used to . The liquid content was weak and not of the substance I have been used to buying . It seems to be watered down or not the original formula . The delivered price was a bargain and I was wondering how the supplier could ship one 33.8 ounce and make a profit .
 I used Nioxin shampoo/conditioner/scalp therapy religiously for 6 months and saw no improvement.As a matter of fact , my hair continues to thin out . Been doing so since menopause -LRB- 5 yrs . -RRB- and I doubt there are any products that will make a change .
 Did n't work for me , made my hair dry and brittle . I have no clue what people are talking about . Back to my $ 5 shampoo .
 After doing a test on Guerlain 's website which enables you to find out which fragrance suits you the best , Mitsouko turned out to be the site 's recommendation . Since it is not available where I live -LRB- Uruguay -RRB- , I bought it online . No chance to test it before . I had read wonderful reviews , and I dreamt of it ... until I got it . Undoubtedly , a fragrance is a personal thing . Mitsouko has all the charme , the mystique and the history that appeals on me , but it does n't work on me!When sprayed , it smells horribly , something urine-like , sweet , persistent and absolutely displeasing . I do n't regret the purchase , because I had no other option to test it , but I wo n't buy it again !!!
 i could n't smell anything toffee/honey/chocolate / caramel . mine smelled sweet and herbal . the bathwater did n't look very appealing to me either . neither did the little pieces swimming around , which did n't disolve . it made a good amount of bubbles though and my skin felt pretty good after my bath . i just was hoping for something else - maybe my nose is too used to the synthetic caramel-toffee scents .
 I adore Lush products and was very excited to try this bubble bar as it smelled so yummy.First off , I barely got any bubbles and I used the enitre thing!Second , the smell was so faint that even with my nose an inch from the water , I could n't smell it.Third , the bar turned the water a nasty shade of poopy brown.All in all the worst Lush product I have ever used . Very disappointed .
 Again , like the other products I ordered , I expected the scent to be warm and sweet , and found it to be more herbally than I like . This bar did make alot of bubbles , but also turned the water a very dirty brown color - husband entered the bathroom and asked if the water was actually supposed to be that color .
 This is the WORST lip `` stain '' EVER . It transfers itself to your teeth when you smile ; and God forbid you lick your lips because it will come right off . Do n't even think about eating or drinking with this stuff on . I do not recommend it at ALL . I thought it would be a good lip stain because the Line & Seal eyeliner is REALLY lasts a long time . Anyway , spend your 8 dollars elsewhere . You 're wasting your money if you buy this product . You would have better luck with a red permanent marker .
 This is the WORST lip `` stain '' EVER . It transfers itself to your teeth when you smile ; and God forbid you lick your lips because it will come right off . Do n't even think about eating or drinking with this stuff on . I do not recommend it at ALL . I thought it would be a good lip stain because the Line & Seal eyeliner REALLY lasts a long time . Anyway , spend your 8 dollars elsewhere . You 're wasting your money if you buy this product . You would have better luck with a red permanent marker .
 yo no creo que sea que no lo se usar , pero es el peor sistema del mundo para un lipstick , la primera vez que lo use me sabia a marcador y que te digo de la segunda si despues no lo pude usar mas ? no salia nada , estaba completamente seco , de verdad es lo peor que he comprado
 I usually love Hilfiger fragrances , but I did n't like the way this one smelled at all . It was so strong at first that it gave me a headache , and then after about ten minutes , it smelled kind of stale . I gave it to my sister and made her promise not to wear it around me . Maybe it smells different on other people , but I definitely would not wear it again myself , and based on that , I would n't recommend it to anyone else , either .
 returned this product over a month ago still not seen a credit . Make sure you buy the correct product . Cause Amazon takes there sweet time in crediting your account if you do n't ...
 I usually do n't review products . However , I am forced to post this review on the Vincent Longo Jumbo Foundation Brush as it really failed to impress me considering the cost . It is already broken and I never enjoyed using it prior to that . It did n't spread well and it was difficult applying my foundation . Infact I am happy that it is broken so that I can justify the purchase of another one . Bad bad brush .
 THIS PRODUCT IS PURE ALCOHOL , LOOKS LIKE WATER AND THE FRAGANCE IS NOT THE SAME , I HAVE A 3.7 OZ . BOTTLE SINCE 10 YEARS AGO AND THE SMELL AND ASPECT IS SO DIFFERENT AND REFLECT THE BIG QUALITY ... AND THIS , IS A BAD PRODUCT QUALITY , NOT ORIGINAL
 This cleanser was gentle , but it did n't clean my skin very well , which led to breakouts . My skin looks worse than before using it , even though I had been using a much harsher cleanser . I wiped my skin with toner after washing with this , both at the sink and in the shower , and more makeup came off on the cotton ball . I 'm disappointed ; I 've heard good things about this line . I may try another .
 It has issues with snagging and unraveling . Replaced it.They were really tight around the wrist _ . Uncomfortable to wear . Did not get any better with time .
 I bought this because Luca Turin , the Emperor of Scent recommended it :[ ... -RSB- I did n't like the small at all . I 'll go back to 99-cent-a-bottle Suave .
 This is not pink or rose it is bright dark orange as other review states . I ca n't use this The graphics do not match the actual product either . I think it may be a mismarked batch .
 I thought it would be a strong red color but its super bright orangey red . I use it as a stain . I would not purchase it again .
 I purchased this cologne based upon the reviews . I tried in after great anticipation when it arrived in the mail . I was completely disappointed . It smells like lemon pledge and the smell faded within seconds . I even sprayed like 4 times to see if maybe the bottle needed to be stirred up a little , but no luck.I think most of these reviews are fake . This is the weakest cologne I have ever owned . I think I 'm going to go with something a bit more expensive .
 This is old and skunky . I had to throw it away after the first time my husband wore it . Yukk !!!
 I 've been wearing Drakkar for over 20 yrs . I know what it smells like and how long the scent lasts . This product is like rubbing alcohol in a bottle . Also , the bottle had fingerprints on it and an area that looked like a price sticker had been on it . I am confident saying like some other reviewers that the product I received was a fake . I 'll be returning this one . I should 've know the price was too good to be true ...
 The service was fantastic the cologne is horrible , and I must have close to 50 types , I wasted my money on this one
 i think the rive Gauche is not the Genuine item , the bottle was made by metal , but perfume can not be used metal bottle to hold , because metal bottle has metallic taste which will influence the perfume . there are not YvesSaintLauret label on the base of bottle .
 I have just read -LRB- Kaplin 2007
 I have used Fidji for many years when it was readily available at most department stores . This product was a disappointment in that it did not seem to be the same scent , ... close , but not quite right .
 There is barely enough to use as a body cleanser . I do n't like this product at all
 I shopped by price and picked to lowest one I saw online . It was a new vendor and there was no rating available . When the perfume arrived I was disappointed to find that it was Rive Gauche for men , not for women . This bit of information was not posted in this vendors entry . They said they would take it back but that I was responsible for return shipping as , according to them , it was not their fault I had ordered the wrong thing . This is particularly interesting in view of the fact that the image shown in the Amazon request for a review are of the woman 's fragrance option . There was no product image for this particular vendor and therefore the shopper has little more to go by than the fragrance name , price and ounce weight . Apparently they do not carry woman 's fragrances for Yves Saint Laurent as they did not offer an exchange . Buyer beware .
 The product I ordered was not in stock and they had no information as to when it will be available .
 I tried this line of products and did not care for it at all . I found that my face was red and irritated after using it . This from someone who roughs up her skin on a daily basis . Did not care for this line at all .
 I guess I should have heeded the other reviews but I bought it anyway . That was in September and now , in early January , only 3 months later , after being stuck to a mirror and repeatedly falling off , over and over again , it has finally fallen one last time and shattered into many little -LSB- unsafe -RSB- pieces.There was nothing wrong with the mirror . It magnified just fine . But those 3 suction cups only hold for a brief period before losing their grip . And it does n't matter if the surface they are stuck to is spotlessly clean and dry or moist or what . I tried it all.The cost is rather high since a person can find this same type mirror in a drugstore for half the price . And if the suction cups are n't going to work , who needs to pay this much ?
 First , the mirror is small . -LRB- That 's ok , the size is mentioned , 31/2 inches.However , there 's a lot of distortion with this lens , did not serve the purpose , I 'll need to buy another one .
 This mirror is so distorted it makes it essentially useless . I wouldbuy a mirror like this locally so you can see what you are getting ... or in this case ... not getting .
 Ca n't figure out how to turn the light on . The Tweezerman one is MUCH better . I 'm going to have to just ditch this . .
 I did n't think this soap smelled anything like the `` melon pear '' it is named . It just smells like soap . I was disappointed as I love french milled soaps.Donna
 Miniature bar with strong scent . It arrived with dirty wrapper and looking like it had been used .
 I bought a bar of this soap to bump up my order total to qualify for Free Super Saver Shipping . I like Grapefruit scented stuff and I like Red Currant scented stuff . I do not , however , like soap that smells like vomit and cheap perfume . I could smell the soap through the package , but I did n't know what I could have ordered that would smell so bad until I opened the box . Seriously , it smells like puke . I could n't even warrant tucking it in as part of someone 's Christmas present . I had to throw it away . I 'm very thrifty , but this nasty little soap * defeated my frugal sensibilities . Nasty . I ca n't imagine putting this on my skin , but at least I got my Free Shipping ... * The bar of soap is pretty tiny .
 yeah so i ordered this for my lady and i received it on time which was awesome . But when opening the box i come to find that this bar of soap was wrapped in like plastic wrap which did n't bother me . but to find that the one side was open ... Come on . What is that ? It was opened as if someone opened it and took it out and then put it back in . Not to mention that the bar of soap banged around in the box and then left abrasion 's marks on the soap . When i went to see what it smelt like . the smell faded and smelt more like the box itself . Of course if i wanted my lady to smell like a box i would of placed her in one for a few days . I gave it 2 stars cause im sure she would of loved this thing if it was wrapped up nicely . but now she wont cause its just junk now . Also not to mention for anyone out there wondering how big this is ... its an 1 ' 1/2 and is 1 ' total . so yeah its not the size of a regular bar of soap . So basically i wasted my money on this . o well .
 Overpriced for a mediocre soap with a terrible perfume .
 Scent is a little overwhelming . Just purchase to fulfill free shipping requirement . Would not purchase otherwise . I love the scent of gardenias but this did n't come close to a gardenia scent for me .
 The only reason I chose this item was to meet the free shipping quota on an order . Otherwise , I would NEVER pay this price for a tiny bar of guest soap . Does not feel like other triple milled soaps I have purchased in the past . Not creamy and does not lather up well .
 I have n't used this soap yet . I only bought it to fulfil the $ 25 requirement to get free shipping . But on the up-side it smells really good !
 this item smells great but its like 1 inch by 2 inches and 1/4 an inch thick its very small very small i dont think its worth the money
 I have to say that although the fragrance and quality of the soap is good , this is an incredibly small bar . Its no more than 1.5 '' long.Not feeling like its a very good value .
 this soap is everything it says , however closely read the description of size . it 's a very small bar
 This bar of soap was mini size . I bought it as a gift but was ashamed to give it because it was so tiny , like a sample from a motel room . It 's cost was far too muchfor the sample size .
 i gave this product a rating of 2 stars because my dissatisfaction is mostly my fault . the item does state `` travel soap '' and plainly reads 50g , but imagine my surprise to find that it measured only 2-7/16 `` w x 1-5/8 `` h , and i paid $ 3.50 for it - on sale . the soap smells beautifully like gardenias and shipping it back would only cost me more , so i kept them . buyer beware and aware ... learned my lesson .
 Do n't purchase this unless you speak Korean ! Ca n't tell what 's for what ... and it smells a bit girly . Bad purchase for me .
 You supposedly get 12 `` 7 day trial packs '' -- so with this purchase from Amazon , in theory , that 's almost 3 months of product . Each 7 day trial pack might last maybe 3 days . The tiny bottles are small to begin with , and they are difficult to deal with . Next time , I 'll just go to Wal-Mart and buy the one month kit that is packed so much nicer , and easier to use with the tops on the bottles that keep you from dumping the entire contents of the bottle at once . Bad deal .
 The product package shows `` 7 Day trial '' sticker on the front of the box . When I peeled the sticker off the box it shows that it is actually only a 3 day trial package . I found it to be very misleading and will think again before purchasing anything else from Amazon .
 this one doesnt really work for me / . . this make my skin more sensitive ... . smell not that ok ... not recommend . .
 Sorry but I have to give this product a low rating for pretending to be something it is n't . Sorry , but this stuff smells nothing like lavender . It smells like a chemical cocktail . The `` parfum '' at the end must be the part that makes it smell like chemicals , but do n't expect anything resembling the smell of Lavender . This is closer to the smell of Tide with bleach . I 'll use Jason toothpaste but their soap is n't `` clean '' .
 I usually love Neutrogena products , but lately they are missing the mark on many fronts , including this one . It just `` bronzes '' your face , but once washed off it leaves absolutely zero `` tan '' . Do n't waste your money .
 I felt that as a bronzer this product works okay . Unfortunately , I do n't feel that it work as a self tanner . I could see it wash down the drain when I took a shower , and I did n't see any signs of a lasting tan after use . So basically , you have bronzer that * smells * like a self tanner .
 I purchased 3 bottles of the Charlie Blue cologne spray as I was unable to find it anywhere locally . The shipping was fast , and well packaged . HoweverI just did not find the cologne to be exactly like I am accustomed to and I contacted the seller and they did offer me a refund for this product . They were very understanding and professional .
 Bought this for Mother she loves it . I cant stand the odor , but a gift is for someone else and they like it they get it . It was big long ago , but it really smells cheap .
 I was disappointed with this product . It did nothing to make eye shadow last longer - there are other products out there that do a better job . Previously I used Vital Radiance but it has been discontinued - that was the best primer I have ever used at a reasonable price .
 I bought a 1.49 $ lip pencil , among other items . This lip liner was totally defective.The bottom of the pencil twisted as if it would turn up which it did n't . I contacted the seller to exchange , they told me to sharpen the pencil , which I did . Then the entire inside of the lip liner fell out staining my carpet . The price is irrelevant , Point is terrible customer service and rotten product!Stay away
 Vendor accuses me of lying about never receiveing product . According to them
 I 've got Gucci `` Envy Me 2 '' by Gucci for Women - 3.4 oz EDT Spray -LRB- Limited Edition -RRB- and was very disappointed . The box was not even sealed , and the smell was not as expected . It did not even last for 5 minutes ! When I contacted Scented Monkey , I was told about 20 % restocking fee in case I wanted to return it . Considering the shipping cost and 20 % fee , I decided just to forget about that . I paid $ 43 something and it was like a total loss .
 I 'm of Irish descent living in San Diego . To compare
 Sorry guys , but homosalate is a xenoestrogen . I was excited when I came across a `` natural '' sunscreen with great reviews but I had a feeling it was too good to be true.My quest for the perfect sun screen continues : / .
 I really wanted to like this product , but La Roche-Posay has disappointed me over the last year -LRB- has there been an ingredient switch ? -RRB- This lotion was drying on me , and it gives me a cyst for every couple of days of use . On the other hand , it is great for minimizing pores , so I think this would be a nice pre-foundation cream for anyone who can use this without breaking out .
 Great cream , love it , and would give 5 stars , but halfway through , it gets difficult to push out the product . It 's true of all their products in this hard plastic tube -- PLEASE change the packaging material to a softer one !
 I decided to try Burt 's Bees products . Some I like . Some I do n't . This is one I would not buy again . It is really , really thick and leaves a greasy sheen on your face . The name `` Beeswax '' should have given me a clue . I prefer a thinner face cream .
 I used this product after developing some skin pigmentations as a result of use of oral contraceptives . Big mistake . I trusted Palmer 's because I recognized the brand and because of the lower hydroquinone percentage -LRB- 2 versus 4 like some of the ` bootlegged ' creams -RRB- . Almost immediately after I put the cream on I had an allergic reaction - a tightness in my chest and a lightheadedness . At first I thought it was my imagination but then I googled possible side effects and sure enough , those two were listed . I took some Benadryl but not before worrying excessively that perhaps my need to look a certain way compromised my health . I learned my lesson adn will live with my brown spots ! It 's not worth it - even if the side effects may be rare -LRB- but I got ta tell you , I do not have a lot of allergies and my skin is not that sensitive -RRB- .
 Girlfriend purchased Ralph Lauren Romance from Smart Scents and it was fake . There were finger prints on the bottle , mold or some foreign matter in the bottle and a terrible sticker on the top . The glass bottle was distorted on the base and top . Perfume and cologne will now be purchased from large department stores because of this transaction . Took a bit of emailing to argue her money back but it was finally refunded with the shipping .
 This product did nothing for my hair growth and i took the pills as recommended . Let me tell you it is so annoying to take 8 pills a day ! I have a life ! I would n't recommend , I was n't hoping for a miracle given the ingredients are vitamins and amino acids and I already was taking vitamins and eating extremely well . However , I was hoping to at least notice something . I have used for about 6 months since I had bought a package but will not repurchase .
 I know this product has gotten overall fairly positive reviews , but unfortunately they 're inaccurate in their portrayal of the actual product , giving it the benefit of the doubt where it is not actually due . I purchased this product and demoed for almost a month and a half looking for results . I perceived none except for perhaps small improvement in the quality of my skin and hair . This must be expected as the regiment is similar to other regiments that assist with hair and skin -LRB- albeit there are other much cheaper ones -RRB- . After this almost month and a half I noticed no change in the length of my hair after the awkward butchering it had received previously nor was there too significant of a change in the quality . I looked at the website which claims that the regimen sometimes takes up to two full months to exhibit satisfactory results . Now is n't it convenient that the money back guarantee only extends for forty-five days ? I was n't willing to take the chance waiting for the suggested two months when I would n't be able to get my money back . Finding the actual return policy on the site was like chasing a ghost , eventually I just emailed a representative on the site and got all the information to send the product back . They did n't refund the shipping and handling charges I paid to send back the unused portion which was significant compared to the overall price of the order and the refund process was PAINFULLY slow . I actually think that my two stars are far to generous an offer for this company because of its obvious attempt to pull the wool over people 's eyes . The only reason I 'm scoring as such is because I did in fact get a refund -LRB- of everything except the shipping -RRB- and the representative replied quickly and was cooperative . The vitamins also gave somewhat of a healthy feeling but again , most vitamin regiments have this effect . Please steer clear of this product , what 's to good to be true usually is , and although it comes with some benefits it 's definitely not worth the price you pay and DOES NOT SERVE it 's primarily proclaimed function to make hair grow faster .
 I bought a 2 month supply of these -LRB- plus the herbal pills that can go with it -RRB- ... its 10 pills a day !!! and you have to spread them out ! even without the ` herbal helpers ' , it would 8 pills a day ... and you HAVE to take them EVERYDAY ... i understand their concept -LRB- that your body can only absorb so many vitamins at one time ... so they divide up the dosages to get the maximum absorbtion ... -RRB- but who has time for this stuff ?? I do n't even work -LRB- stay at home mom -RRB- . . and I could n't even remember to take all of them ... some you can eat with and some can not ... its seriously a MISSION ! I would rather just take 1 or 2 pilss a day , even if they do n't work as well . . HF37 does make the new hair look healthy . . but so does other vitamins . . i can not say that this made my hair grow faster ... only about 1/2 inch per month -LRB- which is the average hair gorwth rate , anyways ! -RRB- Wo n't be buying this again ... TOO MANY PILLS !!!!
 I have taken 5 of these horse pills 3x a day for 3 weeks now . These pills are enormous . I was excited by all the great Amazon reviews so I hung in there . My hair has not grown at all . I will certainly not be ordering them again . I can not wait until I finish the bottles since I committed to finishing them all . I think its only fair that I share this opinion since it was the rave reviews that got me into this.In summery
 Bell Harrah is so right ! This things is indeed garbage ! I have been using this things since March 9 , 2005 and there is very LITTLE DIFFERENCE IN MY HAIR . It still breaks , for goodness sakes , and where is the hard nails that is also suppose to result from using these pills ?! It makes me wonder what the hell this thing is doing to my body , as it has not helped my hair and this month of May makes it 4 months I have been using . YOU 'RE SUPPOSE TO SEE SOME HUGE CHANGES WITHIN A MONTH TO 45 DAYS , AND NOT ONE DAMN THING HAS HAPPENED !!!!!!!!! AND THE PILLS ARE SO DAMN EXPENSIVE ! . i really do n't have $ 57 to throw a way a month , so when you spend that amount of money you are really hoping that something will work . I agree with the previous reviewer-DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I bought this product really hoping it would work and I did n't see ANY results AT ALL ! I was so disappointed because it isn `` t easy to watse $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks on fake vitamins ! Gosh !
 I used this product and all my hair fell out . My hair is starting to grow back however , it is very thin now and one part of my head grew a little then it stopped growing period . I have to keep cutting the growing side to match the side that will not grow . This product ruined head and my self esteem .
 I 'm done with the viatmins and even that I took them as directed , I have n't seen any improvement in my hair and/or nails .
 This product had no affect on my hair . It is a waste of money . Not even worth one half of a star .
 BEWARE !! This product causes weight gain !! I used this product for a month and I gained almost 15 pounds !! I read reviews from other sites about this product and a lot of people had the same issue . It did not make my hair grow any faster . It did , however , make my hair feel soft and smooth , but it is not worth the weight gain .
 I used this years ago and developed gout . The doctors said this caused it . STAY AWAY FROM THIS and safely use prenatals and Biotin instead .
 In my experience with this product , I had NO SIGNIFICANT HAIR GROWTH . Very disappointing for the amount of money you spend on it , and the amount of pills you have to take daily -LRB- UGH ! -RRB- . However , I gave it a two because while it did n't grow my hair , it did change the texture of it . My natural hair is very coarse , and while using the HF37 it became really soft , silky and manageable . Nice , if that 's what you 're looking for a hair vitamin to do . But as far as hair growth ... ABSOLUTELY not recommending HF37 for that .
 I didnt see no growth and its too many pills you have to take in one day and the kinda big which I didnt mind its just the quanity .
 I didnt see any difference in my hair growth . I was using prior to this groganic and my nails were longer and my hair was growing not alot but noticed a difference . so i decided to try this product but didnt see any hair growth at all .
 I have been taking these for a couple weeks now and in my opinion , they are just EXPENSIVE GARBAGE ! I wasted my money , so do n't waste yours . I like my Utra Mega Vitamins from GNC , much better . . They also work better as far as hair and nails . I will never buy Hair Formula 37 again
 I had hair extensions and wanted to get my hair healthy again . There was minimal breakage from the hair extensions and my hair was overall in great shape . I just wanted it to grow faster . I have been faithfully taking the vitamins as directed for 2 months and have seen little to no results , at least to not what I was expecting . My hair grows very slowly and was really wanting to get my hair to grow from the inside out . I did not see that much difference in my nails either . They grew fairly quickly but broke off as they are still brittle . I am going to finish the amount I have left and start taking Biotin after this . Much cheaper with same results .
 This is worthless and they say it 's refundable , until you read the fine print and realize it 's only if you bought the entire product line . It is crap and does n't do anything . Do n't waste your money , drink milk and your hair will grow . This does not work .
 This product did exactly what I thought it would - nothing ! But honestly , I ca n't blame anyone by myself . There is no such thing as a magic pill that is going to make your hair grow . I thought well if it does n't do anything for my hair , it will do something for my skin , and it did n't . It was a complete waste of money and I will NEVER make this mistake again .
 I bought this product directly from the company . I got really bad side effects . After drinking it a few hours later , I felt serious bad pain in my bone worst than arthritis . I had to stop before it killed . I called and got my membership cancelled .
 This product did not work at all . My hair did n't grow anymore than it normally grows and to top it all off , it gave me a horrible upset stomach every time I took the pills . DO N'T USE THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 There is chemicals in this product that have nothing to do with hair growth . Look up the ingredients or so-called vitamins that are on the label of these bottles . This product causes head aches , could cause asthma , seizers , and brain disorders . I tried it , and I did n't see any difference . Plus , this is a choking hazard . The pills are much longer and bigger than Ibuprofen . Once again , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I was going to order the 6 pack based on the positive reviews.I searched all over the net to find the ingredients since theyare not listed ??? I finally found them here : goodguide.com/products/192811-skin-milk-foaming-bathSodium SesquicarbonateSodium Lauryl SulfoacetateFragranceIsopropyl PalmitateSilicaLactoseHydrolyzed Wheat Protein Hydroxypropyl PolysiloxaneVitamin D3Vitamin E AcetateRetinol PalmitateMethyl ParabenDMDM HydantoinSee package label ingredientsSeveral are of health concern and it turns out that `` Society : This company 's social policies , practices and performance place it among the worst/bottom 20 % of companies rated by GoodGuide . `` I have decided not to purchase based on the above ... you may choose to re-think this too .
 I have written the company I got it from and they gave it a case number and have done nothing about it .
 Like the previous reviewer stated , this is not the same product pictured . I ordered this for my mom based on her description . So I was expecting the Olay Quench Body Lotion for Extra Dry Skin , as pictured . Be careful when you order and DO N'T assume your purchase is correct just on the photos . They can be misleading .
 I 'm a great believer in Olay products -LRB- my mother 's been using them for over 30 years -RRB- so when I saw an extra dry skin lotion by this company , I bought it . I did n't realize that it would smell so strong.I 'm afraid that most artificial scents give me headaches . I have to stay away from most perfumes , air fresheners , scented candles , potporri , etc , because it triggers migraine headaches . So if you 're like me , you 'll want to avoid this . Even my husband , who is n't bothered by most strong scents , could n't stand the smell of this lotion . I now only use it on my very dry feet , and then I have to wash my hands right afterwards.Also , the lotion is quite sparkly , and I 'm not a person who wears glitter . -LRB- Never did , and I 'm a child of the 80s ! -RRB- If I 'd known that this product was so strong-smelling and glittery , I 'd never have bought it.That being said , it is a very good moisturizer . If strong scents and glitter do n't bother you , then you 'll probably like this . Otherwise , I 'd recommend `` Udder Cream '' . It 's very good from really dry skin and is unscented and unsparkly .
 I WOULD N'T HAVE BOUGHT THIS HAD I KNOW , THAT THIS LOTION MAKES YOUR SKIN LOOK LIKE YOU STUCK IT IN GLITTER . THIS LOTION , IS GOOD , BUT WAY TO SPARKLY . I WO N'T BE BUYING TI AGIAN !
 This was recommended to me as a great eye cream and I think it has helped with fine lines , but it is so irritating -LRB- leaves my eyes itchy and blood shot -RRB- that I am about to return it . I look for products without chemicals and `` bad '' things , and I since found this does n't rate so well on the natural cosmetic databases either .
 New and Improved is not always better ... It generally means the manufacturer has found a way to make the product cheaper . The item pictured is the OLD version of the shampoo and I order 6 bottles of the OLD version . What I got was new and improved , I am sensitive to smells , some perfumes will cause my sinuses to run for hours , well guess what ... I am going to have to rewash my hair , -LRB- new and improved my * % $ ^ # -RRB- . I figured the smell would go away once I dried my hair and , in the spirit of fair play , I should give the shampoo a fair chance . I dried my hair , it is limp and full of static -LRB- at least I was smart enough to wait until the weekend to experiment -RRB- . Vendors should send exactly what they display in their advertisement picture . I select this vendor because they displayed the older version.Headed back to the shower to rewash my hair and then go shampoo shopping .
 I have dry dry hair . Born that way . It worked like any ordinary conditioner that does n't work . It has alchole in it which makes hair dry . Try Suave or Organix instead . Does n't work any bit . It 's really `` dry Rich '' If that what you want .
 Both my boyfriend and I have learned to stay away from this shampoo . For my boyfriend , it makes his fine , light hair very dandruffy . For me , it makes me dark , coarse hair extremely greasy quickly . Even with our completely different hair types , this brand does not agree us . Definitely not recommended !
 Items were rec . damaged poor packaging . . cracked glass containers -LRB- 2 -RRB- , was old product Exp . date of 9/07 .
 This item does not smell like my $ 80 bottle I purchased from Macy 's . I already opened it so I ca n't return it . You get what you pay for .
 I love Versace and then i decided to buy it here ! But i still have the leftovers of my older Versace that i bought in store and i compared the two of them : one from Nordstrom and the on from Amazon . The one from Amazon has scent for couple min and thats all . The one from nordstrom smells long and it take just a bit of it !!! I am very disappointed . This is definetly fake !!!! Waste of money !!! Dont get fooled by cheap price , it doesnt worth it !!!
 I purchased the perfume At Macy 's , later saw it on Amazon for half the price . I thought it to be a `` no-brainer '' . So I returned the department store one & ordered the one off of Amazon ! When the box arrived it seemed , at first to be the same . Then I noticed there were 2 slits on the top of the box , covered with silver tape . Opened it , sprayed it . It had a small , hint of a scent . Barely.I 've not used it much since I got it , 2 months ago , but after my shower today , sprayed it . Now , it has no smell at all !! NONE!And this item CAN NOT BE RETURNED !! Go figure . I rate this -10 stars !
 ... but I purchased a 3oz Versace Bright Crystal recently and it is positively not the real deal . It faintly has the same aroma so there is likely a touch of the real thing in there , but it has an overpowering amount of rubbing alcohol added . My guess is that it 's a 1 to 5 ratio of fragrance to alcohol -LRB- at most -RRB- . I have trusted in Amazon for a very long time and I have never questioned the quality of their products . So much so , that even though I read the numerous reviews that this product was a fake , I thought `` no way - not Amazon '' , and ordered anyway . And of course , fragrances are non-returnable so I have been taken with no recourse.Don ' t do it . From now on I 'll pay the extra and buy it at a retail department store .
 The Versace bought from net company does not seems to be original , when i opened it it looked perfectly fine as it had the same smell as original but now even opening the bottle does not gives you much smell and neither does the smell much lasts on you clothes . This was my first perfumes net purchase , I will prefer to buy this from stores paying little more dollars .
 I ordered this for my wife for Christmas from Amazon because it was about half the cost of the department stores . It was terrible to find out that I had been duped . She knows her perfume & was able to show me several ways to see that this is a fake -LRB- only after I asked -RRB- . One easy to see discrepancy between this product & the real thing is
 I should have listened to another review that said this perfume is a fake because it 's a fake . I read what he wrote about the `` e '' being first on the box - well the picture with the product on-line has the `` e '' first but when you get the product in the mail the `` e '' is not first anymore and the perfume has almost no smell except for pure alcohol . SUCH a rip off ! I have bought MANY things from Amazon but will NEVER buy perfume from them again ! Way to dupe your customers - you did it good!Uniquely For Her Bright Crystal by Versace Eau De Toilette Spray 1.7 oz
 The cologne is fake ! I would like my money back . I will be contacting amazon unless I recieve my money back . I am more than happy to return the product . Contect me at yuanmai@hotmail.com
 Bright Crystal Versace is a young , bright , cute fruity-floral musk . It has a clean edge , a sweet edge , and a sexy one too - that seems unique in my book . It 's a pretty & versatile scent , but it 's most certainly not my style.Classic fragrances are ageless . This one is n't . The ad is not the target market - it 's a reflection of what the wearer wants to be , imo . Bright Crystal Versace seems targeted to the under 25 crowd .
 I order this perfume for my wife 's birthday with 3 weeks of time and I receive it 5 weeks later plus the cap was broken and liking every where I 'm not buying from this place never again . ... they said that they ship it 3 times but I do n't think so is just waist of time and money plus I look bad with my late birthday present . Sucks . .
 My package came with an additional lotion that i did not ask for , in a very different packaging than what the Bright Crystal lotion is supposed to come with . The Bright crystal lotion 's container is similar to the perfume 's container , but I got a cheap plastic tube . This plus the quality of the spray and its cheap price makes me believe that this is all fake . I never asked for the additional lotion , which they included as if to overcompensate for lack of a quality product .
 I had previously smelled this perfume at a store in the mall . I loved the fresh scent . When I received the product , it did smell the way I wanted it too . However , once sprayed the scent does not last more than 10 minuetes . I have sprayed it on my hair , neck , clothes and wrist all at the same time hoping it would last . I should not have to spray that much of any perfume and even then , by the time I arrived to anywhere I was going , the scent was gone . I am extremely disappointed .
 I did not receive shipping confirmation until a day after the package arrived at my doorstep . I checked the status of my order which said `` shipping soon , '' so I did not expect it to be sitting at my door . It was left in the hot sun for an entire day . I just found the package today and when i tried on the product , the fragrance was very weak compared to a sample I have . I believe the extreme temperature changes caused damage to the perfume . Either that , or the product was old and lost its potency . The estimated delivery was Aug. 23-27 , but it was delivered on the 18th . Had I received a ship confirmation , I would have known to check for the package right away . Now I have a bottle of lightly scented water that I can not return .
 The Bright Crystal I received was not made by Versace . I am surprised Amazon sold an imitation to me.As soon as I smelled it , I knew this was not an authentic Bright Crystal - it had more of alcohol base note that was repulsive for me.I went to a couple of stores to confirm my suspicion.Compared to the original product , the one I received from Amazon had : Smaller and more spaced-out FONTS ; `` 90ml e '' on the bottom left of the package instead of `` e 90 ml '' ; Smaller BARCODE ; faulty and loosely made VERSACE LOGO -LRB- clearly a copyright violation -RRB- ; etc. I will upload comparison pictures once I figure out how to do that.I tried to initiate a return process , but it was not possible because perfumes are flammable liquid.So I contacted Amazon and was promised a full refund.I love Amazon 's excellent customer service , but this incident makes me wonder - Are the other products I ordered from Amazon , from diaper and teething toy to guitar accessories , really made by the companies they were supposed to be from?As far as perfumes go , I would rather pay $ 78 to buy authentic one from malls .
 This fragrance was not pleasant to me at all . At a first sniff , it seems ok but once on , it is overwhelming and has no appeal to it . I hear this is the most popular out of the Versace line but I strongly disagree . I rarely give negative reviews on perfumes cause I am a fragranceaholic but this one , I left in the store .
 I was hoping that since I was actually buying from Amazon and not a secondary seller that my bottle of Bright Crystal would not be a knock off . I was wrong ! I have my one bottle of bright crystal purchased at a cosmetic store to compare directly with my amazon version that I received today . The amazon bottle is overpowering with the smell of alcohol . NOT at all like the true fragrance . What a disappoinment Amazon - you should stand by the integrity of your products !
 Always on the search for the next fragrance in my collection , I purchased Bright Crystal at the Duty Free shop in the Lima airport . I liked the sensuous , soft scent and the magnificent packaging . To my surprise , it wears off so fast ! after a couple of hours you can hardly tell I applied this fragrance to my skin or my clothes . . nothing like the Versense by Versace of the delicious and classis J'adore by Dior ... even after laundering my clothes , the scent is still there ... so I 'm utterly disappointed and genuinely regret having spent the money on this lovely looking but inffectual fragrance . WILL NOT RECOMMEND , WILL NOT PURCHASE AGAIN , WILL TRY TO RETURN to vendor!Stick to the delicious Versense by Versace , J'adore by Dior , Romance by Ralph Lauren and the classic yet still wonderful First by Van Cleef & Arpels ... New scents I 'd recommend are the new Bulgari blue and the surprinsingly soft `` New Tressor '' by Lancome .
 BUMMED.I rarely buy perfume , it 's a treat . i tried to save money , and I suffered for it . you can not return perfume to Amazon . I am so pissed off . it smells like alcohol and lasts about 3 minutes ... NOT VERSACE , RIP OFF .
 I ca n't believe this ... The letters on the bottle fall off , it looks like a fake product . I contacted Amazon and the only think they would offer is a $ 8 rebate ... now I am stucked with a fake parfume . . NOT GOOD
 I bought this perform from macys before and it smells very nice , but this one is like i put my money through away it does not smell AT ALL . Do not waste your money with this Fake perform . pay a little bit more and buy it from stores , because this is not an original Versace Bright Crystal .
 Why are there so many great reviews for this product ? Just by looking at the picture I can tell its fake . Save your money and buy the real thing from Sephora or any department store . Its cheaper here because 1 . Its been tampered with & 2 . Old stock or 3 . Fake made elsewhere . . FYI I heard some fakes have urine in it . Unfortunately in this world there are too many fakes . be safe buy at the store .
 I 'm not a person who can tolerate the smell of most perfumes . The scent of this Versace Bright Crystal is actually very pleasant and acceptable . It is one of the very few I can use . However , the scent tends to disappear even before I leave my house . I usually do n't questioned the authenticity of things I purchase on amazon . But I since still ca n't tell if it 's the real thing , I 'll probably buy it from sephora next time .
 I bought this product in hopes of a better price , but what I got was a waste of money . I got something different than I ordered plus what they are showing as the product picture is not what they are selling or sending . It smells like a knock off that you would buy at a swap meet/flea market and does n't last long like the real thing . Please do not waste your time or your money . You are better spending a little more to get a quality long lasting product .
 Please do not use this deliciously-scented concoction on children , elders , or people with compromised immune systems ! I bought a lotion at a local health food store after the clerk recommended this as safe & chemical-free -LRB- I stated I was seeking a safe moisturizer for a friend coming out of ICU in hospital -RRB- . I was in a tizz & fell for the fab fragrance not realizing that along with &#34; essential oils &#34; this product also has &#34; fragrance oil &#34; which I know from research is linked to many health problems including lung disease , heart disease , and cancer.Ugh!This also has carbomer , potassium sorbate , and hydrolyzed jojoba esters . I 'd rather not have anyone take a chance that this toxic soup will be safe to use.Please be very careful with your &#34; organic &#34; body products as many contain known toxins.Good Luck !
 I ordered zum body frankincense & myrrh , I recieved zum soap , I 'm still waiting on my original order.have not recieved any word from amazon .
 Was thinking this was the same as the bar glycerin soap and is n't . Leaves soap scum behind and does n't cleanse your hands . Very disappointed in this product ; -LRB-
 I have been a devoted Clearly Natural unscented glycerin liquid soap user for the past 6 + years because I have severe sensitive skin and severe eczema . I ca n't use Dove , Ivory , Aveeno , any other soaps that I know of even if they are labelled as `` for sensitive skin `` In Dec 2011 , I ordered my yearly $ 60 + worth of Clearly Natural unscented glycerin liquid soap refills directly from Clearly Natural online and I broke out in hives and itches after one use of the new product.Old Formula
 Really wanted to like this product . However , it has some flaws . - The container is n't opaque , which means that the product is exposed to the sun . Retino - the key anti-wrinkle ingredient in this product - is known to break decay with exposure . So it should be kept in an opaque tube that is tightly sealed . That is not this product . - The smell is very strong , and they clearly color it and use tons of perfume . I ca n't imagine that this helps with anti-wrinkle or healing properties . But it does have the effect of driving my cat away at night because it is so strong . - After applying my hands become sticky . Really sticky . Strange feeling , like they 're becoming puckered . I immediately have to wash them . I do n't know what this is attributed to , but it 's quite unpleasant.Overall , disappointed in this product . I do n't think I 'll be buying again . After doing some comparisons , I prefer the Neutrogena Healthy Skin Anti-Wrinkle Night Cream .
 I bought this despite the negative reviews , as the positive ones are far more numerous . I figured , hey , I might be in the majority once ... Nope . After slightly less than a week , my face is blotchy and patchy , with red bumps and coarser pores . The good thing is that now I know that my skin was n't the worst skin ever known to human history ; the bad thing is it got significantly closer to that unwanted title.Some of the reviews mention that it 's not fragrance-free . I usually do n't buy things that are n't fragrance free , but I figured that Olay , which does offer fragrance-free versions of other products , must have known it was n't necessary for this product . I have had good luck with other Olay products , so I thought why not.Wrong , wrong , wrong . If you need fragrance free , do n't make my mistake . My face still hurts and looks nasty after two days of non-use -- it felt so good and soft going on too ! Very disappointing . So I 'd advise continuing your search for a lovely magic night cream ... N.B. this is a 1 star rating because there is no 0 star rating .
 This cream felt exactly like a primer , loaded with silica and it had a very strong perfume too . It felt sticy and did not get absorbed into my skin at all . I did not see any difference in the morning . I have been using this for 2 weeks . Will definitely go back to the total effects night cream . That one was a keeper .
 I was anxious to try this product due to all the advertising hype but again felt it was only another moisturizer on the market but not something that made any definite changes in the skin . Hopefully they will find a product that will really make a difference . Probably have to spend more money than what this item costs .
 Although this cream seemed to moisturize well , it made my forehead break out in small red bumps that turned into white heads . I mean TONS of bumps . It was a pimply rash of about 50 white-heads . I washed my face and thank God the bumps went away in a day . I normally do n't react to creams this way . I would try a small amount to test it before use .
 I just received this yesterday and used it for the first time last night . Oh , it smells . It is heavily scented , and I ca n't for the life of me - in a time when everyone is going back to natural , organic and unscented - figure out why they loaded up a product for use on your face with so much fragrance . And it 's floral . Ick . If it were lemon or peach ... maybe . But old lady floral ? I kept getting whiffs of it as I was trying to fall asleep . I 'm not sure that I can use this product long enough to give my honest opinion of whether it works.I will try it again tonight , using less than last night , and applying with a tissue -LRB- I could not wash the flower smell from my hands -RRB- . The things we do for beauty ! : -RRB-
 first off , I do n't think this product has a scent to it ... it 's very smooth . I have used it a few nights and when I wake up in the morning , my pores are huge ! I 'm also getting oily the next day , about 1/2 way through the day . I would be careful if you have anything but normal or dry skin -LRB- I 'd say I 'm combination -RRB- .
 A patch test may not produce an immediate reaction . At first , I was thrilled with how smooth and soft my skin was after I began using this cream and several others in the Regenerist line . I continued using this along with Olay Deep Hydration Cream for daytime for about a month before realizing that it was n't the excessively dry weather we 've had this summer but rather that they were what was turning my skin red , rough and pebbly-textured . As a test , I went back to my old standby Cetaphil cleanser and moisturizing lotion . Within two days , my skin looked significantly less red with almost all the roughness gone.Definitely , there 's something in the Regenerist line that caused my reaction , and I 've never before had any sort of reaction to skincare products . I do n't know if it 's the fragrances or some ingredients , but I 'm not about to try anything else Regenerist after spending as much money as I already have for such unpleasant results.I 'll stick with Cetaphil which is not only much less expensive but works wonderfully well for me .
 Everyone reacts differently , but this product irritated by skin and made me break out . Test it out on a small patch of skin to see how you react .
 I have purchased this item several times before thinking that it made my skin smooth ... BUT this product contains Mineral Oil !! I found out Mineral Oil coats the skin like plastic - clogging pores and creating a build-up of toxins . Mineral oil can slow cellular development , creating earlier signs of aging . Mineral oil also was implicated as a suspected CAUSE OF CANCER . Plus mineral oil can disrupt hormonal activity ! Just say NO .
 I had a very bad reaction to this cream . I never considered my skin to be sensitive until after I used this product . I was really excited after reading reviews on night creams . This product seemed to have really good reviews and not bad for the price . After my first application my skin seemed softer and very moisturized . I was really happy . However after the second application the next morning my skin began to look a little red around the cheek bone area . After the third application it was nightmare . My skin was bright red in multiple places and my I had a full acne break out . -LRB- normally i get a pimple here and there , nothing major -RRB- It was horrible . My face hurt . It 's been 2 weeks and my skin still is not back to normal . If you have sensitive skin , I would not recommend this product .
 I hate face products with smells , especially night time products . Hard to sleep with such an odor . Not so sure the product does anything either . I 'll try a different brand , hopefully unscented .
 I saw many great reviews about this product and decided to buy one , only to find out that smell is a very subjective thing - many people found the smell great but I found it unpleasant and too strong . I use other products in the Olay Regenerist line , and found them smell fine . I would recommend others trying out the product before purchasing one .
 The flowery odor was so strong , I had to wash it off immediately . I find that Olay fragrances vary from product to product . This one will be thrown out .
 I really like Olay and have used it for years but they have slowly eliminated fragrance free products . I tried this moisturizer , and while my skin looked nice , the fragrance triggered a migraine . I am at the point where I need the Regenerist line but ca n't tolerate it . I am afraid I 'll have to stop using Olay products . Olay , please offer Regenerist products in fragrance free ! -LRB- Why do they need to put so much fragrance in moisturizer anyway ? -RRB-
 The strong scent was a turn off as soon as I opened it and I wish I had returned it immediately but I thought that I would give it a chance . After having it for 4 months , I ca n't bring myself to finish the jar . I really like it 's sister productOlay Total Effects Night Firming Cream for Face and Neck , 1.7-Fluid Ounce , which is not as thick and is mild in scent . I 've purchased MANY Olay products to find the best ones and this Olay Regenerist Night Recovery Moisturizing Treatment wins the medal for strongest perfume smell . Since my nose ca n't handle it , I am unable to rate it 's performance but it is too thick of cream for my normal-to-oily skin . Sorry , Olay , I ca n't rate it high like the rest of your products .
 Used regularly for one month , no visible result . I feel better about myself , doing something supposedly proactive for my skin . That is about it . Maybe it just takes longer than a month ... to that I can not reply . Only that it is NOT a one month miracle .
 I have just applied the cream , after having bathed and am breaking out . It is itchy and irritating my skin to no end . Horrible ! I do n't understand all the positive reviews ... and I 'm inclined to go back to only using cosmetics that have ingredients that I can understand !
 I love Olay products but unfortunately this particular night cream made me break out . I used it for about a week before I realized what was going on and stopped immediately afterward . It 's unfortunate I broke out because my skin was feeling smoother than normal . : -LRB-
 I bought this cream because of the hype & good reviews I have seen and heard . Unfortunately it did n't work on my skin , I broke out very badly . The smell was a little bit strong , but I did like the texture of the cream . I did n't break out until about the 4 night of using it so ladies be careful!However , I talked to a customer representative and they were kind enough to give me a full refund , so overall it was a bummer it did n't work but now I can purchase something else !
 I usually enjoy OLAY 's product ok . It does n't seem to do much for me , but does n't irritate my sensitive skin either . However , this was absolutely the worse I 've ever used . It smells nice , a bit too much fragrant for a face product though . It applies easily . However , this product is just way too waxy and wo n't absorb into my skin . Will not purchase again .
 I am going to be completely honest here
 I agree with other reviewers that it feels good and does n't smell too much , however , I 've experimented with it several times to confirm my findings , and it turns out to give me really bad blackheads . I 'm 25 with an oily t-zone and very dry facial skin . On mornings after using this cream , I have nasty blackheads on my forehead and chin.There are better products out there !
 Well ... the only reason for me to write this review - just to make clear to High-end users - THIS CREAM IS NOT ! even close to expensive creams . . I have been using LaMer -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , Arden , Lancome -LRB- Absolute is the best in that line -RRB- , Chanel , Pevonia -LRB- for sensetive skin -RRB- and of course as many of you I was attracted to the recent ads , claiming that Regenerist is better than all expensive brands . Oh my ... -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- trust me , if your skin tried the BEST - it will NOT accept an imitation.I gave Regenerist 3 weeks of try - every ... EVERY time I am using it , my skin breaks in bumps , next morning it feel very greasy and definitely not refreshed.Anyway , to make my story short - you can try it -LRB- 20 dollars not such a big loss -RRB- but you will come back to your $ 300 cream-since ITS WORTH IT ! -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I typically have very good skin . It is on the dry side but I do not have acne -- in fact I break out very rarely -LRB- just the occasional hormonal pimple or two -RRB- . When I first opened this cream , I noticed the fragrance was unpleasantly strong , but I put it on anyway . When I got up in the morning , I had horrible red splotches and whiteheads all over my face . Some of them were even painful cystic-type sores beneath the skin on my chin and jawline . I stopped using the cream right away , and I have n't gotten any new pimples , but the old ones are taking days to clear up . It totally ruined my week to have my face covered in painful pimples and crusty sores . Thankfully I did n't have any big events to go to , or I would have been traumatized.On the plus side , I called the 800 number on the back of the jar , and the Olay representative was very courteous and helpful . She said they would refund my money -LRB- since Amazon does n't take returns on opened cosmetics -RRB- . I have used the eye serum without problems but I will not try the face creams again . Just not worth the risk .
 I bought this tonight after doing a lot of looking for a great `` drugstore '' brand anti-aging/antioxidant night cream . This got high marks and reviews from a number of sources . I thought the consistency and texture were fine , not too heavy and spread easily . It has a light violet color , certainly did n't notice once it was spread on . I was not prepared for the overwhelming perfumey smell.The Smell : No sooner than it was on I was thinking `` This is n't good ... '' . If you 've ever been to the movies , you 've surely encountered a heavily-perfumed woman who you can smell from the moment she walks in . You just hope that she does n't sit by you ... and then she does . Within minutes you know you ca n't make it to the end of the show let alone eat or drink anything with that stench permiating everything around you , so you get up and leave . That is the intensity of this scent - I had to wash it off . My husband said he could smell me from down the hall , before he reached the end , and I was sitting in a room around the corner.I can not give it another night , it 's going back tomorrow . WHY on earth do companies feel this intensity of smell is appropriate ?!?!?!
 I bought this cream because of the Olay rebate . I should have known better , as I 've had problems with allergic reactions to their products before , but thought maybe they have gotten savvy to the fact that you do n't need STINKY perfumes and DYES in a face cream ! The first night I tried it the smell kept me awake . Not only that , my skin actually felt drier ! The next morning I woke up my cheeks and nose were swollen ! OK , I waited another week and tried it again . Same thing . Swollen face , no thanks !
 I was very disappointed with this product . It simply stuck to my skin like a coat of glue and did not moisturize at all . After several hours I had to wash it off , scrubbing with a rough washcloth . I tried if eventually on my legs and elbows just to use it up , but even then it was like a layer of sticky goo . I bought the Micro-sculpting cream at the same time and it was fine , but stay away from this one in the grey jar .
 First time user . With first application had an allergic reaction with hives for 4 days , only in the areas that product was applied . I do not normally have an allergic reaction to these type of products .
 Either my skin or the product itself kind of rolls off after I apply this . Even after I have exfoliated . Maybe this is the `` regenerating '' part , but I do n't care for it . Very strange . I would n't buy this again . 2 stars for moisturizing evenly .
 I wanted so badly to love this product . I 'm starting to notice some lines on my forehead and on my scowl -LRB- lol -RRB- line and had high hopes for this cream . It is very moisturizing , but I can not get over the smell ! It does make your face feel soft the next morning , but I could n't use it long enough to notice any changes to my fine lines . I would only purchase again if Olay came out with an unscented version .
 I 'm just rating the product NOT the seller . I received my order very quickly , and was happy about that . I 'm just not happy with this Olay . I used it every single night for 6wks , and my skin is still dry , I think it 's even more dry than usual especially around my forehead . Also I noticed this product made my skin breakout a lot more . I usually just use the Olay complete lotion , and have always been happy with that . I wanted something that was a bit heavier as a night creme for the dry winter months , and this just was n't it for me . I ordered a couple different night cremes -LRB- not Olay -RRB- hopefully I 'll have better a experience with them .
 kind of greasy , made my face break out , maybe just me being sensitive to it , but thats my opinion ... small jar big price
 I usually stay away from cheaper products full of parabens , my skin care has been combination of Clinique/Caudalie the last year . I also switched the past couple weeks also the asian Skin79 's gold bb cream during the day -LRB- love ! -RRB- . I used this Oil of Olay night cream for the first time last night , so here we go!It smells like you sprayed yourself with an old nasty perfume , YUCK ! ... . I hope I do n't break out from the fragrance . I noticed two small red pimply bumps by my nose this morning -LRB- never get those there -RRB- , so I know that was a small reaction , but my face skin looks beautiful otherwise this morning ! Evened out my ruddy complection , mini lift indeed . But I ca n't give it 5 stars because of the two pimples that appeared and the awful stench of it . I hope that they will listen to reviewers and make one that is naturally scented or fragrance free !!!! I 'm thankful that my face is n't red or irritated looking so that is also a HUGE plus . Hoping my skin wo n't break out more than it has and get used to this new night cream . It does seem a little on the dry side for my skin , but it is winter and my skin has been in need of something different which is why I purchased this at Walmart . My face does n't appear as dry however , but feels a little tighter and dry to the touch . Tighter is good , my face needs a little lifting . I tend to switch products a lot because my skin gets iritated by them overtime , and yes from experience , I agree that price does n't mean a product is better.I 'm 34 years old -LRB- most people do n't believe me and think I 'm 25 -RRB- , I have fair and very dry , sensitive skin with ruddy undertones . NOTE - For my skintype , if I could choose and money was n't an option , I 'd buy Vinoperfect Cell Renewal Night Cream . I just ca n't afford to spend $ 72 for both Caudalie 's day and night creams on my budget right now.Update
 I was looking for a light moisturizer to balance my facial scrubbing and cleansing facial washes , the second time I used it I woke up with itchy pinkish little bumps EVERY where on my face -LRB- just like many other buyers said -RRB- , the scent is nice but it 's way too strong and the container is TINY considering the price . If you never break out this may work for you , but if you have acne-prone/oily/sensitive skin do n't waste your money .
 I am a huge fan L'Aromarine Vanille - sadly this product does not stack up . As others have said it seems `` watered '' down with alcohol . Even the color is not as dark . When you spray it all you smell is alcohol . Maybe I got a bad batch but it is not the wonderful sent that it has been in the past . I would not purchase this again .
 I had such high hopes for this product . Ever since L'occitane discontinued it 's vanille line I have been search for something to replace it . Sadly , I stumbled upon this product & foolishly thought maybe , just maybe it would smell something like what I was looking for . Boy was I wrong . This `` perfume '' smells like a cheap , dollar store , vanilla scented candle . You know the type I 'm talking about , right ? Overly sweet , strangly fake vanilla scent that FYI DOES NOT WASH OFF . So basically , I reeked all day from this stuff . Majorly dissappointed to say the least.In fairness to the seller - my order was packaged well & I received the product very quickly.That 's all the good I can say . My $ 18.00 perfume went straight into the trash . I would have given it away , but I did n't want to stumble upon the one person who would actually wear this nasty smelling stuff and be forced to smell this `` scent '' day after day .
 I was seeking pure aloe vera gel when I bought this from Amazon . The photos and item description claim `` 100 % aloe vera . '' This is not accurate - once I got the bottle I read that it contains a bunch of unpronounceable chemicals , glycerin , and very heavy perfume that will linger long after the gentle effects of the aloe have passed . It 's so bad I will have to buy something else and hope it does n't reek ! My advice
 This was by far the most drying , damaging , awful shampoo I 've ever used , and I once used the awful Ivory brand shampoo they had briefly in the late 80 's . I stopped using this over a month ago when I realized what it was doing to my hair , and it still is n't back to its previous condition . The conditioner is so-so , I 'll use that til it 's gone but I will not use the rest of the shampoo and that is saying a lot for me , I never waste anything and I only bought this because it was 50 % off . Do not buy the Shea Butter shampoo unless you want to go as a bale of hay for Halloween .
 This shampoo was horrible . It lathers nice and smells great , but afterwards my hair felt like straw . The conditioner is n't as bad , but is no better than any other conditioner out there . Even if this was only $ 5 I would not ever buy it again .
 The only good thing about this product is the smell , other than that , its awful . It dries my hair to the point of looking frizzy and unruly , cant comb my hair after using this and it damages it even more every time I use it , the only improvement is the shine , it really adds shine , but a shiny frizzy unruly and dry looking hair ?? That does n't match , the shine does n't even make up for the awful things it does to my hair . Would never ever buy this again . Even the cheapest shampoo I 've used leaves my hair looking and felling way better than this one does .
 For a bottle of moisturizing shampoo that cost $ 19.95 for 8 oz. , it drys out my hair an awful lot . The ONLY thing I liked about this product was the smell . I can not believe how dry my hair was after using the shampoo and the conditioner . I could have went to the dollar store and bought a bottle of the $ .99 Suave they sell there and would have had the same results . What a waste of money .
 I am not an expert on perfumes but my love for them has enabled me to distinguish between great and not so great fragrances . Dune falls in the latter category . It is NOT meant for day wear or for young/younger women . I 'd call it more like an evening fragrance for more mature women . The top notes are strong enough to give someone a headache ! All of Dior 's fragrances are on the musky/heavy on the senses side , so if you are someone who likes light , breezy scents - stay away .
 It feels creamy and thankfully does n't have a smell , but I did not notice a difference after two months .
 http://www.amazon.com/Roche-Posay-Active-Anti-Wrinkle-Dermatological-Treatment/dp/B000IOBEZS/ref=pd_sim_hpc_2It irritated my skin and made it even dryer than before . I thought it was an initial reaction , and it should go away . I used the whole tube . No difference except for noticeably drier skin .
 I used this product once and my entire forehead broke out into at least 50 whiteheads . I had not had a whitehead on my forehead in over 10 years at that point -LRB- I 'm 33 -RRB- . Needless to say , I never used it again . I was using the Almay line smoothing foundation . I went to a Mary Kay party and was convinced that Mary Kay was the best so I tried it . Besides the breakout , the coverage was thick and very matte looking . The Almay 's coverage is much lighter , yet covers better . This foundation is not for me ! I still have the entire tube left if anybody wants it .
 This conditioner smells great but I felt like it left my hair dry and very difficult to comb through .
 The only good thing I can say is that this conditioner smells good . I really love the aroma and the tingling feeling that it gives , but this is where the good news ends . Even after letting the conditioner stay on my hair under a plastic cap for 30 minutes I had a difficult time combing my hair . My wet hair was so tangled and matted it was coming out in my comb ! This is one of the worst conditioners I have ever used ! It 's called `` hydrating '' but it left my hair feeling parched and dry . I wish I had used this on one of my days off because my hair looked so brittle that I was embarrassed to go to work . I did not have time to rewash it , so I had to go with it looking awful . It also left it full of static , so my hair was sticking up all day . I wanted to try some of the other products from this brand , but I think I 'll pass .
 If I could , I 'd give this absolutely no stars . Horrible . Absolutely horrible . I have very long color treated hair . This is literally THE only shampoo/conditioner line that has EVER made my hair feel like STRAW . Never purchasing this again . Thankfully I bought the trial sized bottles before wasting my money on the full sized ones .
 I have been looking for a natural shampoo and conditioner and I was hoping this product would be IT ! The scents in this line are FABULOUS , but do not be fooled . The shampoo is `` okay '' , but it leaves your hair with that weird `` squeaky clean '' feeling , and not in a good way . The conditioner seems like it will work out okay when you 're in the shower , but once you 're out , the real disaster happens . I have long hair -LRB- it is `` fine '' , but there is a LOT of it . I can not get a comb through my hair to save my life after using this conditioner . I have had to purchase a leave in detangler just to do the job , and it is STILL difficult . Definitely will never purchase anything from this company again .
 I bought this conditioner because it smelled awesome . That is about the only redeeming quality about the product . I have used hotel conditioners that made my hair less tangled and softer than Organix Passion Fruit Guava conditioner . After using slightly less than a palm sized amount of conditioner -LRB- a lot , I know -RRB- , my hair still feels like it was sucked up and tangled by a vacuum . I do n't typically use that much conditioner , but it 's necessary with this brand.I would have given it 1 star , but like I said , I like the smell . Everything else sucks.Edit - Oct. 20 , 2011After using the conditioner for about two weeks , I noticed another downfall . My hands are very sensitive , and the conditioner actually makes my hands itch . Perhaps I should 've known since it 's so fragrant that it might irritate my hands . Beware if you have sensitive skin !
 I purchased this because I love the bottle and it smells great.It does get two stars for smelling great and the packaging , but it does n't really condition my hair what-so-ever . I have color-treated , long , coarse hair . First of all , I feel like I need to use about 1/5 the bottle each time to actually get it to work through my hair . Then , after I rinse it out , I think it actually tangles my hair more -- I spend a good 10 minutes combing tangles out of my hair every time I wash it , which is n't usually how I like to spend my mornings . I feel the hairs breaking because of all these knots , even though I try to be careful , and it really makes me angry.Buy this if you want your hair to smell good -- but if you want it conditioned , and easy to comb , looking to something else instead . I prefer Herbal Essences over this for conditioning .
 I usually think a conditioner should make your hair soft and bouncy . This product made my hair rough and dull . Although , the smell is awesome . Next time , I would just buy the shampoo and use a different conditioner .
 This is THE WORST shampoo/conditioner ever . I have used this for about 2 weeks , and have not ever had hair this bad . I just . wanted something that smelled like coconut . It feels like I have wax in my hair while I am washing it , and my ends are so frizzy . Seriously , SUAVE , yes SUAVE , the 99 cent stuff is better for your hair . I am just going to buy some coconut essential oil and add it to my old shampoo and conditioner . PS , THE KERATIN IS JUST AS BAD !
 I bought this because it smelled so good but after using it my hair was not soft but I decided I 'd use the rest as not to waste it . After a few weeks more hair than usual started coming out when I brushed it and it kept getting worse , I threw the rest away and went to a different brand , after a month it was back to normal . Two years later I smelled the pomogranate one and thought o maybe it was a fluke and tried it again but the same thing happened again . I am currently using the rest to shave my legs , I do n't mind losing that hair .
 This shampoo and conditioner were on super sale and I bought into all the hype of it being `` organic '' and it 'll make my hair miraculously beautiful or something . I have blonde hair and during the winter with the dry air my hair just needs a bit more TLC.I first bought the Moroccan oil version of this shampoo and conditioner ... After a week or two my hair was feeling straw like . It got to the point where shampoo was n't even lathering in my hair which I thought maybe the salon damaged my hair so I kept using the moroccan version in hopes it would restore my hair . Well half way through the bottle i went and cut off half the length of my hair because it was so unmanagable . Of my 28 years of existence I 've never felt my hair be this way.So after that I just started using a new shampoo/conditioner after my visit to the salon . I recently found the coconut one under my sink so with it now being summer I was excited . Two uses in I 'm throwing it out !!! My hair quickly turned to awful and had this rubbery dry texture to it . It 's this entire brand !!! It 's a horrible product ! The instant I started using my normal shampoo my hair became soft smooth and light .
 I bought both the shampoo and conditioner . The shampoo was fine but the conditioner was awful ! I thought the product was defective because it was like water with little pieces of white cream in it . My hair felt awful afterwards ... stawlike and dry , even hard to get a comb through it ! I am returning this product today ... first time I ever returned a hair conditioner ! Could n't give no stars , but if had the option this is the product that deserves it .
 Not as good as I expected . I did n't feel like my hair was any more moisturized than when I used the conditioner I usually use . Not worth the extra money .
 This smells delicious , and I admit that 's why I bought it in the first place . Unfortunately it does n't really seem to condition at all and just sort of coats the top layer of my hair . It definitely does n't help with tangles - if anything , it makes them worse.I do color my hair , but not sure why that should make a difference in how the product works -LRB- it should at least condition a LITTLE -RRB- . But the smell is so great that lately I have been using a different conditioner , then using a little bit of this on the ends of my hair , just for the scent ! But overall it 's a disappointing product ...
 I really wanted to love this product . Based on the information I read it seemed perfect . I bought the Coconut shampoo and conditioner and was very disappointed . I have fine , heavily colored hair . The shampoo made my hair hard and straw like . The conditioner was more moisturising but I still had to put in a lot of leave in moisturiser afterwards to compensate for all the flyaway dryness this product caused . Maybe on other hairtypes it would be good but if you have hair like mine , then I would not recommend it . I will say that the fragrance was fantastic and that is the only reason I gave any stars .
 Agree my hair started to fall out too . I gave it a chance , used it for a month , and was afraid to use it again after more and more of my hair fell out . I want to use the Organix Ever Straight Brazilian Keratin Therapy Flat Iron Spray but am afraid it will also have adverse effects . I really wanted it to work , have n't used a BKT and do n't think I ever will now . Still on a mission to get rid of my frizzy , unruly coarse hair .
 I gave the keratin shampoo and conditioner a month to see if it would work and all it did was make my hair worse . I liked it at first , it smelled great . but about half way through the month my hair was weaker then it was before , all broken and dirty feeling . It made it almost impossible to even get my fingers though my hair when it was wet , and combing it when dry was so difficult that i ended up breaking a lot of it . It also made my hair feel dirty and greasy . I had to was my hair twice a much not to feel dirty , which also lead to the brittle broken hair . Over all I was shocked at how terrible these products were . Oh and do n't let me forget to mention It did absolutely nothing to smooth or straighten my hair . I was n't even able to flat iron my hair while using the products due to the terrible condition then turned my hair . I used the shampoo , the conditioner , and the anti breakage serum . None of them did . I bought the flat iron spray , but did n't have the opportunity to use it . I will be throwing the remainder of the products out . To the best of my memory I can not think of a family of products that are worse then these . As a new customer to the Orgainx brand , I say with all certainty that I will never buy another product again , and will try my best to pass on my experience to as many people as possible .
 I tried this conditioner and it was the worst I have ever tried . It does not make your soft at all , had problems getting a comb thru my hair . My daughter tried and she hated it also . It does nothing for your hair .
 My hair was fantastically curly because of this conditioner . I mean round , bouncy curls and it was really really lovely . If I could get my hair like that , I 'd wear it natural more , and I plan to this summer when I usually go natural because it 's too hot and humid to bother with straightening . If this were a curl enhancer , it 'd get a 10 out of five for doing a super , super job!Unfortunately , when I bought this , it was because I was looking for a smoothing conditioner comparable to Garnier but with the awesome smell of coconut.I feel I have no choice but to give it a 1 simply because it is misleading to buyers . Yes , I would give it a 10 out of 5 stars -LRB- 200 % -RRB- if it were for curly hair , but this is about straight hair.Yes , I will re purchase - but only when I want curly hair . Just like someone wrote below , this seemed to clarify my hair . Clarifying shampoos and conditioners lift all residual product for a clean hair shaft , which is extremely healthy . If this were advertised as a curl enhancer or clarifier , the ratings and ravings would be through the roof .
 I bought this product at a local retailer because of a free rebate coupon . It smelled awesome - my only reason for not giving it a lower rating . However , it makes my hair dry and hard to comb through . I 've never had that problem with any other brands . Nice try for the organic , but did n't work for me .
 I was considering buying this conditioner because it came up when I searched for organic products ; however , this line is NOT organic . In their ingredient list , Methylchloroisothiazolinone appears . This is a widely-used preservative in products and is a known human immune system toxicant . It is restricted in other countries production lines . Check it out at cosmeticsdatabase.com . Always make sure the ingredients are safe before you buy .
 They need to go back into the labs and add something more hydrating to this conditoner , it 's completely lacking in moisture and leaves your hair frizzy and feeling like straw . Stay away from this product , especially if you have very curly hair .
 I have always been looking for organic hair care products and thought this one , shampoo and conditioner , would be worthy . Since the first time I used , it left my hair with a rough touch and a strange texture that I thought would go away by applying the conditioner . The latter did the same to my hair . More than that is the fact that my hair started to fall out crazily . I never had this problem before . I just used this shampoo and conditioner twice and my hair is shedding all over . I do n't recommend it to anyone at all . It 's a complete rip off .
 ... this is n't the conditioner for you . It rinses clean but does nothing for detangling , and when you have long , thick hair , detangling is job # 1 for a conditioner , at least for me . I have yet to try the other `` flavors '' so hopefully one of the others will work , like the coconut one , I have high hopes for that one .
 I also got this product at Target because of the `` Try it for free '' offer . The conditioner was awful , made my hair extremely dry . So I sent in the offer to get my money back , and after two phone calls to them and several months , they still have not sent the refund . Needless to say , not trying this brand again .
 I did n't like Organix Coconut Conditioner because it was so thick that I could n't squeeze it out of the lid . So I took off the lid , and still had a hard time getting the stuff out . I banged the opening on my hand and bathtub trying to get some out , and the conditioner would n't budge !!! The only way for me to get some out was to squeeze the bottle with both hands hard . It was too much trouble , and took too much strength to use this product , so I threw it away . The shampoo was good , and not great . The coconut smell was o.k. ; I 've smelled better coconut fragrances .
 One of the worst conditioners I 've ever used . Left my hair dry and tangled . Dried out my scalp to the point that it was red and flaky . Do n't bother with this product .
 I really wanted to switch to a more organic shampoo and conditioner . I thought these would be better for my hair . This is not the case for the Organix brand of these products . The shampoo did not lather and the conditioner did nothing for my hair . My hair was left dry , brittle , dull , tangled , and difficult to manage . This has to be the worst shampoo and conditioner I have ever tried . Do not buy these products !
 If your buying it because it is organic , ok ... but dont expect any miricles for scalp itch ... for what it is SUPPOSED to be treat . Helped me 0 with that ... I ended up getting relief from Demorex extra strength . Good luck . I have MAJOR scalp itch problems .
 HAIR TYPE
 This smelled `` ok '' I guess . Thats all I can say that is positive . It literally stripped the keratin treatment from my hair , which ironically is WHY i bought this product in the first place . So much for cheap being `` good '' ... Would NOT recommend as a product to use to lengthen the time a keratin therapy will last.Works OK as a body wash , although it lacks a nice aroma ...
 I bought this product awhile back and I have only used the shampoo and it was ok so then I thought `` Let 's try the conditioner ! '' . Boy , do I wish I kept the receipt ! This conditioner practically caused an apocalypse in my hair ! It was matted , tangled , it was horrific . I had to wash my hair with different shampoo and conditioner to ease my hair enough for me to even pull it apart ! Thank God I have thick hair otherwise , I would of just looked like I had bald spots after the whole thing ! It took two of us to get my hair decent again to where we could manage it ! I could n't believe how bad it was , I almost cut off all my hair because of this ! . Never again will I buy any of their products !
 I really wanted to love Organix 's Brazilian Keratin Therapy line . The bottles are so pretty and the conditioner smells sooo good . Plus , it 's cheap ! However , IT DOES N'T WORK ! It only made my hair worse ! It did nothing to condition my hair , it just coated it and made it feel heavy and waxy . It made it more coarse and tangly -LRB- exactly the opposite of the silky , smooth results I desired -RRB- . I had to do a deep clarifying treatment to get my hair to feel normal again . It seriously just messed up the texture of my hair and i 'm bummed I wasted my money on it .
 This Cherry Blossom shampoo and conditioner smell amazing and that was my reason for purchasing the set . The scent lasts a few hours and then fades , which is sad . The shampoo lathers more than other Organix products I 've purchased before . I noticed my hair felt like it had been stripped by harsh cleansers after rinsing the shampoo . From roots to tips , it was squeaky and felt raw . The matching conditioner was no more impressive . The first time I used it , the bottom 3-4 inches of my hair felt stiff even after using styling products . On the second try , I conditioned twice for 3-5 minutes each time . The result was only slightly better but who wants a rinse-and-repeat conditioner . One pro
 I have very oily skin/hair . I am a Caucasian 25 year old female.This dried my hair out so badly . I used the shampoo & conditioner together , & then yelped as I threw $ 20 in the trash after 2 more uses.After my 3rd & final use , I knew I could n't put my hair through any more . It strips your hair of all moisture like hair stripper !!! These products are NOT organic . What a cheap marketing ploy by giving it the name Organix.It smells amazing , but not worth having a head of straw.Very disappointed .
 This stuff smells so good I want to eat it . Unfortunately it does n't condition at all . I have long , straight , thick hair that is highlighted -LRB- not dyed -RRB- and this stuff just does n't `` cut it . '' It left my hair feeling dry and very difficult to comb through -LRB- even though I comb my hair before I shower ! -RRB- My hair is a tangled mess when I use this stuff , and I have the same results with all the conditioners in this line . I ended up giving the two bottles I had away . :-LRB- Waste of money.Honestly I do n't know why anyone would put mint in any beauty products . If you have ever gotten peppermint oil on your skin you know what I mean ! It dries your skin out and makes it burn !
 this product smells amazing , and thats about it . it did not leave my hair soft and smooth , it left it dry and tangled . My hair is long , and has waves and curls , but easy to manage . I was very unimpressed with this product and will not buy it again .
 I love the idea of organic hair products , recycled packaging and earth-friendly inks , but this conditioner is AWFUL . I have long , fine to normal hair . I usually apply conditioner , let it sit , then comb out with a wide-toothed comb before rinsing out , but the Shea Butter conditioner just made my hair feel like straw -LRB- while in my hair ! -RRB- and created such a tangled mess , I was combing out chunks of hair . Horrible . Basically , all it did was scent my hair -LRB- which was yummy -RRB- , but I ended up having to use another conditioner just to untangle the mess without ripping out more of my hair.I like Organix shampoo , but the conditioners are not impressive at all .
 This conditioner is absoultely terrible . I would think that keratin products would be more effective than any others because keratin is so well known for the positive things that it can do to hair , this was awful though . After using it my hair was not smooth at all -- i had to use an excessive amount of leave in conditioner after the shower to be able to start brushing through the knots . I ripped out so much hair on my brush after using this and my head was in pain from all the torn hair . After using it I even went back to the bottle to doublee check that I used it properly and that this was , in fact , a conditioner ... I do n't understand house they can even call this a conditioner because it made my hair worse than not using it at all . Another down side is the brown color -- I am no expert but I 'm sure this does n't benefit blond hair any .
 This is by far the worst conditioner I have ever used . I have never in my life had problems with my hair getting dry or tangled until I started using this product . Even when it 's in your hair , in the shower , it does not feel `` soft '' or `` silky '' ... somehow it feels dry ... while it 's wet ! I bought the product because it was on sale for like a dollar and it smelled pretty decent . Clearly it was on sale for a reason .
 Some people are saying that the texture is thick but I 'd say it 's very thin . It does not soak into your hair , therefore you need to use A LOT to make sure your hair is conditioned enough . Well , actually your hair gets never conditioned enough from this product no matter how much you apply on your hair . The most disappointed factor of this product is that it made my hair EXTREMELY DRY and tangled . When you comb your hair , you can tell your hair is not hydrated AT ALL because of this product and causing breakage .
 Like others , I was so excited to use this product . Do n't let the smell fool you . This conditioner is the WORST THING I HAVE EVER USED ! My long hair was tangled up so bad , it took most of the morning to comb the knots out . When my hair dried , it was frizzy , and rough . I 'll never use this product again , and let me warn you ... do n't use it if you have long hair either . : -LRB-
 I bought this for the lovely coconut scent , which was great . But ... 2 weeks after I started to use it I developed a terrible eye infection . I looked online for other strange reactions to the conditioner , and sure enough a lot of women also developed terrible reactions like hand and skin rashes and hair blisters!I stopped using it , but the skin around my eyes even 6 months later still looks bad . I look like I aged about 5 years !
 The shampoo works just like normal shampoo , this conditioner , however , does n't do a thing . I have pretty fine/thin hair and even if I use a decent size amount of the conditioner , it seems as though I did n't use any . My hair is just as tangled .
 I 'll start off with the good
 LIKE THE SHAMPOO YOU CA N'T TELL IF IT IS IN YOUR HAIR , NO DE-TANGLING OR SMOOTHNESS . HARD TO COMB HAIR AFTER USE . ONE CHECK FOR OK SMELL .
 You would think that with those ingredients it would leave your hair on the oily side . Not so with this product . After using the shampoo and conditioner combination on color treated hair you are left with a dry mess that is in desperate need of a leave in conditioner .
 Over the summer I purchased the Organix Shea Butter Conditioner and I remember that I loved it . They did n't have it when I went to Walgreens two days ago so I but the Coconut Milk . It really smelled good , but I noticed a difference in the way my hair felt . It was a striking difference because I 'd never experienced my ends feeling so rough . I was really surprised . I do n't think anything had ever mad my ends alone feel that way , and it was weird because the rest of my hair was fine , did n't feel rough at all . I 'm going to finish the bottle , but next time use less because it lathers up a lot and is difficult to wash out of my curly 4a hair . What I did to combat the roughness of my ends was twisted my damp hair with Afroveda 's Shea Amla and then smoothed their Shikakai oil on my ends . There was a marked difference between how other conditioners left my hair feeling , and how this one did , so I 'm not going to repurchase this line again , but I would give the Organix Shea Butter another try . However , I would also like to say that this conditioner detangled my hair with such ease and that was very nice .
 I had very high hopes when I purchased this product and I have to say it as left me disappointed . I would describe my hair as long and thick it 's not naturally curly more like wavy with lots of frizz . I have the hair type that stays bone straight when I use a flat iron , no type of humidity can cause my hair to frizz . This being said I bought this product with the hopes that it would make my hair more manageably and reduce the frizz.This conditioner is very thick and rich almost like paste , it was kind of difficult to squeeze it out of the bottle . After I rinsed the conditioner out I noticed my hair was a lot more tangled than usual . Once dried my hair felt course and my ends looked fried and kinky . My ends where so bad that no matter how any times I went over it with the flat iron it stayed the same . This conditioner did not seem to deliver any kind of moisture what so ever it actually made my hair look more dry and damaged . I will not be using this product again .
 This has to be one of the worse things I have ever purchased . I thought since it was organic it would be better for my hair . but all it did was strip it of all its oils and make it feel like straw . My hair felt softer after using shampoo than it did after the conditioner . This Product is so bad I would n't even give it to someone else . I 'd rather just throw it away . Dont buy . and if you do decide to buy it ... then just remember , i told you so -LRB- : how this product is getting anything more than one star is beyond me though . I despise this product . They have to be paying people to write good reviews or something . idk .
 I bought this for what it promised . While it was n't terrible , it was not spectacular . I have thick , dry unamangeable hair that I flat iron daily . I felt this conditioner was too light and not nurishing enough . It does smell great but the scent does not last . Still looking for that amazing life-changing product !
 I absolutely love the shampoo , but I use a different local organic conditioner since this product does not soften my hair enough either . This conditioner has something in it that does not allow frizzy or curly hair to really soften , maybe the fragrance in it , who knows . But the shampoo is worth every penny .
 I really wanted to find a coconut scented shampoo so I decided to try this one . It was a fairly inexpensie shampoo and I can see why . While it certainly smells like coconut it left my hair feeling very dry and flat and I have pretty easy hair to manage .
 First the pros . Big bottle , smells good , very thick . Now the cons . For a product called Organix , I expected organic contents . Not so much . My hair fell out after using this conditioner . The product contains `` cones '' -LRB- dimethicone I think -RRB- which I am allergic to . The `` cones '' leave your hair shiny , but smother your hair if used regularly . It does leave my hair -LRB- what 's left of it -RRB- very soft when wet . There is no moisture when dry . All in all I 'd give this conditioner a negative star if it was n't for the pros . By the way I am an african american woman wearing her natural hair 4a/4b .
 I tried this product for the first time , and was disappointed . It may smell decent , but this is the worst conditioner I have ever used . And I 'm not even that picky ! It leaves my hair feeling like plastic and straw at the same time . If I was n't so broke at the moment , Id buy the shampoo/conditioner I know works well , -LRB- not Organix -RRB- but until then I dread having to use this each time I shower .
 I 'm a regular Redken user . I love the stuff , but as a college student it can be very expensive to pay for high-end salon products . I thought I would give Organix Ever Straight conditioner a try because it was considerably cheaper than what I normally use . I have thick , naturally wavy hair . It 's difficult to manage , so this product sounded like it would be perfect for me . I was wrong . I was instantly turned off by the smell -- it smells like tanning oil . It 's also rough in appearance . Instead of being creamy and consistent , it 's rough and a medium brown color.My hair felt okay after it dried ... for a little while . Shortly after drying and straightening it -LRB- with a ceramic salon-quality straightener , I might add -RRB- it felt thick , coarse , rough and wirey . It felt frizzy and looked dull . I gave it another try just in case I was having a bad hair day , and I got the same result -LRB- although it looks even worse today . -RRB- The smell paired with the texture/look of my hair made this product a WASTE OF MONEY . I am switching back to my regular products even though they are more expensive . You truly do get what you pay for.If anyone wants a recommendation for a better product , Redken Smooth Down shampoo and conditioner are FANTASTIC for thick and difficult-to-manage hair . I put a little DermOrganic Argon Oil Leave-in Treatment before drying and then after styling , and it makes my hair feel like silk . It maintains its softness and style all day even when windy , when you sweat or when you sleep on it .
 First off my kit was missing the eye liner brush so I have yet to find a brush that works well with the eyeliner . I do believe I will like the eyeliner if ever I can find the right brush.The only eyeshadow color in this collection that I liked was the Vanilla Sugar . The Peach Puff is orange , the Soft Focus is far too dark for fair skin , it looks like a bruise . I have no idea who can wear these colors but I would n't think that anyone who has a fair complexion could.Save your money and buy the eye shadows individually so that you can better choose colors that blend with your complexion.I was very disappointed becuase I have fallen head over heels in love with Bare Minerals foundation and Clear Radiance . Mineral Veil is some sort of gossamer pixie dust that was created by angels BUT Get Started Eyes 7 piece kit is NOT worth the money .
 advertised as 100 % pure collagen gel . The list of other unpronouncable ingredients and the two different red dyes are pretty deceptive advertising . when I put the gel on my face and chin area my eyes started burning . To say I was disappointed with this product is an understatement .
 I got this mirror for christmas and it is absolutely garbage . As others have noted , the entire assembly leaks , and in the process of trying to remove it , the arm snapped off . I will never use a product from this company again due to this terrible product . What a waste .
 The mirror is constructed well but the arm will not stay in place no matter how tight you get it . therefore it is not being used . Need arm that will bend etc. .
 To all , I would never use this product again , water circulates around it and drains out , I was not informed of this before buying . I wanted one that circulates and back into plumbing -LRB- ike the one I had before this one -RRB- . This does not do that . I have had it now for a little over three months and now it is starting to fog over . Not Good.Larry
 To call this a fogless mirror is a total misrepresentation . It fogs up immediately . I 've requested return , but I 'm being ignored . Both the product and the service deserve NO STARS !!! I HAVE BEEN RIPPED OFF !!!
 I ordered this mirror for our new bathroom , and I was very disappointed with it . It is clunky and made of cheap plastic . I had to wait to install it until the bathroom remodel was finished , and since that was 2 weeks after the return period , now I 'm stuck with it . Expensive mistake .
 All the pieces for connecting to the plumbing/showerhead are made of cheap plastic . The threads did n't fit well at all , it leaks and then broke when I tried to tighten . Save your money for a well-made product .
 As the other reviewers stated about this mirror , it leaks so I returned it . It leaked from the inside of the glass frame .
 I would have been ok with this product , but it is made of plastic and not metal , for the price about four times what it is worth . It has all the things on itthat anyone is looking for in a fog less mirror but , then I put put it on . Themirror 's base is made of plastic , not metal , the plastic stripped out and now this mirror that cost $ 100.00 , four times what it should cost . Its now no good to me and I still need a fog less mirror for my shower . I may have been fine with the price if it would have work . but now I have a $ 100.00 piece of junk and no mirror and no one is sending me a new one ...
 Extremely disappointing . Paid a lot for this mirror and after two months of trying to get it to work without leaking i threw it out . Not only did it leak badly , but it appears to be made mostly of cheap plastic . And the metal piece that the razor hangs from had already begun to rust . This was a wast of money .
 I bought this a little over 1 year ago . It started to back fire about two months ago . Brookstone refuses to exchange , repair or refund it . I recommend against purchasing this product . Also , Brookstone does not have very good customer service since I was initially told , when I called two months ago , that they would replace it and would send out a pre-paid shipping label . However , two months have passed and nothing happened . When I called again , they simply said that they can not do anything for me and it is beyond their warranty period . THIS PRODUCT IS NO GOOD !!! Ionic 1,875-watt Travel Hair Dryer
 I have long , naturally curly hair , and although this claims to be `` tangle free '' it kept on getting caught in my hair so badly I could not use it . Wigo is actually Helen of Troy , Wigo being the company 's `` higher end '' line or products-curling irons , but what 's strange is that this is the only hot air brush Wigo makes , Helen of Troy makes so many . Not worth the money if you have long curly hair , mega-disappointed !
 This hot air brush broke the very first time I used it . The way the brush attaches to the body of the dryer is poorly designed and not study , so the brush is now loose and at an angle -LRB- instead of being in a straight line -RRB- , which makes the dryer practically impossible to use . I like the idea of the high wattage , but it gets so hot that the hand you use to help put your hair on the brush will get burned . Also , the handle part that you hold is so wide as to be clumsy to hold -LRB- and my hands are not small -RRB- . All in all , completely unsatisfactory . I have requested return and refund information from both the e-tailer and the manufacturer , and neither has responded yet . I will mail this piece of junk to Helen of Troy today and hope for a refund or a replacement with a different product -LRB- neither of which is provided by their warranty statement -RRB- . I certainly do NOT want a replacement with the same model .
 Very cheap . I dont know what else to say about this . nit a good product at all . dont buy it .
 At first I hated this perfume ! I bought it in the winter and it had no scent life whatsoever ! It is now summer and I have tried this again and have just fallen in love with it . It is sweet like a dessert . I put it in the catagory of Pink Sugar and Pleasures Delight . I cant change my star rating but I can change my review , which I have done so . I recommend this for summer all the way . I do not however recommend this in the winter because It is way to light and airy for the heavy molicules of winter , it has no saying power for that . Winter scents that I do recommend are Angel by Thierry Mugler-Man that last FOREVER ! Hypnose for the summer !
 Save your money . The shipping is as much as the tiny spray bottle . Even though you get 2 it is still a royal ripoff !!!!!!!!!!
 I was not happy with the stopper . Once it was opened I had trouble getting it to stay closed without leaking . I love the perfume but was hoping for a spray dispenser .
 The smell and color of this perfume was off . Hypnose is one of my favorite scents and I 've been wearing it for a year . When I received this bottle , I immediately saw that the purple was too deep . I sprayed it on and the smell did n't seem quite right . I still had a good portion left in my old bottle . I compared the two , and I 'm convinced this bottle was not the same . I do n't know if Lancome changed the formula , if I got a bad batch , or anything more nefarious . I never got around to doing anything about it though . But I 'll be buying my perfume from the department store from now on .
 Nexus used to be my favorite hair product brand because they used high quality ingredients that did wonders for my hair . But in the last 3 years they have repeatedly tampered with their formulas to cheapen their products and still charge high prices.I used to love Therapee shampoo . It used to be almost foamless , lightweight , and enriched the texture of my hair each time I used it . Then they changed the formula about three years ago to cheapen it . Now it appears that this year they have cheapened it even worse . It is now a gooey weird heavy shampoo resembling any cheap $ 1 brand you can get at a supermarket . And it weighs down my hair.Google all the complaints on the internet for more info . Basically they have kept the same names on their products but completely changed the ingredients , misleading customers , into believing it 's the same product . None of their products are the same as they were 3 years ago . It 's basically either crap or mediocre stuff pretending to be what it used to be.Many of the reviews on Amazon are from BEFORE Nexus started selling mediocre products in place of the wonderful stuff they used to produce .
 This deodorant does n't work well for guys . The scent is a little sweet , like incense . It does n't really fight deodorant the way Arm & Hammer naturals does , although those have triclosan . Back to the drawing board .
 I purchased this deodorant a few days ago , used it today for the first time . Applied it this morning , and then reapplied around noon because it felt like I needed to . . and now I smell ! I have n't done any strenuous activities , and have n't been in the sun all day or anything like that . I was trying to be good and not purchase an antiperspirant with nasty chemicals in it , but this definitely IS N'T the one for me !
 THATS ALL i GOT TO SAY ! Doesnt work . I cant stop perspirating . Within 2 hours I begain to have a B.O. Heck useless !
 I ordered this when I tried the HCG diet . The diet worked fine . I honestly did n't notice a difference in the days when I tried the `` approved '' toiletries and days when I did n't . I tried this for 3 days ... it burned my skin and went on smelling like BO . Would not recommend it to anyone .
 I 've been a fan of JASON Tea Tree Deodorant for a while , but the stick I recently ordered smells terrible ! It can only be compared to cheap motel bar soap or a tacky bathroom deodorizer . It is truly revolting . I have contacted JASON to see if they have changed the formula . I still have my old stick and the comparison is shocking . Normally , the stick has a very subtle , fresh , natural fragrance . This is so strong and disgusting - I had just showered and deodorized and had to shower again and throw my shirt in the wash . I really hope this is just one bad stick and that I can continue to purchase this deodorant .
 Well , the product does naturally cover the embarrassing smell of unwanted body odor , but only by surpassing it with the hideousness of its own scent . I 'd rather die young than deal with this horrible smell .
 This was my time switching to an organic deodorant ; I was pleasantly surprised for about the 1st week ... but now I realize that clearly had more to do w / nice weather than the deodorant . I 'm nearing the end of the stick and have been disgusted by my own B.O. for a least a month . After I shower I apply once or twice a day ; if I 'm understand the sun the funk kicks in/if I 'm reapplying , it kinda masks odor for about 30 minutes . I 'm in LA , it gets hot ; sometimes I bike , sometimes I 'm just walkin to the corner store , either way I come home reeking . I am woman , my body does n't perspire a lot , most of my sweat come out from my head . My pits end up smelling better when I do n't use any deodorant at all -LRB- instead of Jason 's -RRB- !
 I wore this deodorant for half a day and had to wash my arm pits because i did n't like the smell . It smells like something an old lady would wear . I have no idea if it would break me out or not because i did n't wear it long enought . I guess if someone likes the smell of it then i guess its good deodorant for them . Other than that i 'll pass .
 I bought this deodorant at Kroger because I have recently tried to switch all my lotions and beauty care to all natural products with no parabens or alumanum . I was happy to find this and it smelled ok when I first got it . However , once I put it on it smelled like old lady perfume and it was so STICKY ! It felt like I had put honey under my arms . I really wanted to love this but I guess I 'll have to keep looking for a natural deodorant that has a powder texture to it with a better smell .
 This product not only dried out my skin , it caused me to break out like crazy . PLEASE do n't waste your money .
 I bought the combo pack for this which included the cleansing lotion , toner and moisturizer -- it was a waste of money . The cleanser was worst of all , it was drying , did not cleanse well , and I broke out soon after using it and the other productsAlmay Daily Moisturizer for Normal/Combo Skin with Grape Seed , SPF 15 , 4 fl oz -LRB- 118 ml -RRB- -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- . The moisturizer is chalky smelling and not very hydrating . I could not recommend this to anyone .
 I had ordered four of the cleansing lotion in July 2011 . When they arrived , the containers were broken with lotion filling the box they came in . My review was not favorable for this product due to inferior materials . Shortly after my review was submitted , I received an email from the company `` Sorry about that . We will ship you out 2 new ones please do n't send it back . How should we know about that if you did n't email us about the matter . Can you please give us the chance to fix the problem . And can you have that feedback removed . Thanks gbny '' Foolishly I did this , and to this date have not received replacement products . I will never order this product again and caution anyone who does . This was the worst customer service I have ever received .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 I received this product in a box loosely packed with other creams . 2 of the bottles were completely empty because they leaked out . Unfortunately I wo n't be able to review the actual product -LRB- I will say the cardboard box was soft and smooth to the touch when it arrived -RRB- . I still would like a refund but I am not sure how to contact the company regarding poor packaging by Amazon .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 This product left my hair more silky , but that was n't what I was after . Since I have baby fine , thin hair , I was hoping for more body . I bought it based on the positive reviews . With shipping fees , it was bit pricy for only 4 ounces of conditioner , but would have been worth it if it had added body and fullness as advertised . Ah , well , the search goes on !
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 I have been using this product along with the serum and skin brightner for over 3 months and it has done absolutlely NOTHING for me , absolutely NOTHING !!
 IT DID N'T WORK & WAS A WASTE OF MONEY . I WOULD GIVE IT 0 STARS IF I COULD .
 used this for two months as they said will see the result . . but not works for me . i had used palmers product before and was happy but not to this one .
 I used this product not knowing how my skin would react to the Hydroquinone , and it made my skin EXTREMELY IRRITATAED . When using this product I developed small red irritated bumps on my skin and it looked like a bad rash.I stopped using it right away and it healed with some Aloe Vera , then about a year later I decided to give it another go , and I had the same reaction from when I first used it . Everybody 's skin is different and please be aware that Hyrodquinone is a potentially dangerous chemical , if you have sensitive skin then this is not for you . AND DO NOT USE THIS ON YOUR FACE ! Test it out first by using it on a small area on your skin .
 I have been using this product on my hands for 4 weeks now and there is no change whatsoever in the appearance of age spots . If anything , It might have made them appear more red . I am very fair . There is no lightening effect at all . I give it two stars because it does provide moisture to the skin and it does contain Alpha hydrox which should at least exfoliate dead skin cells . Although I have not seen any brightening of the skin on my hands either . I will not purchase again and feel that Hydroquinone 2 % is not sufficient enough dosage to lighten any areas of hyperpigmentation . You would probably fare better by just applying a good antiaging face cream to your hands for improved skin texture and lightening of age spots . I use the same product I use on my face and hands now for overall antiaging effects .
 I have long , very straight , very fine hair . I did not find that this product did anything for me ... other than add a sorta fresh-ish smell . It did not perk up my roots ... did not make it look less oily or more bouncy . I honestly , feel like it just added more weight . Maybe this product works better on thicker , curlier hair ... but it did not let me skip a day of washing , as I had hoped .
 Irrespective of how well this might work , I was dismayed to order this only to find out butane and propane are top ingredients in this product . This is a highly flammable , highly toxic product that I would n't have purchased had I know what was in it . Why do I want to spray my hair with butane ?
 Smells great , but leaves white residue on my dark hair . It does n't work as well for me as Pfffft from Walgreens .
 I have long , naturally curly hair that I ca n't wash every day , so I 've been trying out dry shampoos . This one is probably the worst that I 've tried . It is like a spray powder that turned my hair white . It smells awful -- like bug spray or repellant -- and it really did n't do anything good for my hair . I 'm not at all pleased .
 I really dislike the smell . I also do n't like how the spray comes out with so much force . It just seems hard to control when there 's such a concentrated blast , and I can imagine it wo n't last long that way . Then when I brush it out , my brush ends up with all this residue on it . Effectiveness-wise , it seems ok . It soaked up some of the grease in my hair but I have to say I expected more from it .
 I 've been experimenting with alot of dry shampoos and this one I was n't thrilled with . It really didnt take away much of the oils out of my hair and the smell was n't bad . It did a little something , but nothing great . It 's cheap so I guess you get what you pay for .
 The container came with the spray nozzle detached . I put it back together and used it , but it did not do a good job of cleaning my hair . I tried it again a week or so later and all the contents had seeped out of the container . A waste of good money , and I will not buy it again .
 I read the warnings but did n't listen . I used it as soon as it arrived and it worked pretty well , the smell was overwhelming but it settled down after awhile . I was happy until a few days later I went to use it again and it had leaked all over the inside of the cap and the can was completely empty . Anything containing potatoe starch is probably going to clog . I do n't know why they dont use a spray pump !? It 's not worth the time and effort to send it back so I got ripped off the the tune of about nine bucks !
 If you are looking for a product that makes your hair super powdery white , and does not provide any lift whatsoever ... then this is the product for you !
 This product is a waste of money ! It smells terrible , clogs easily , and does n't work as effectively as plain cornstarch ! If you 're willing to spend the money -LSB- ... -RSB- . If not , just buy cornstarch . This stuff is terrible !
 I literally was only able to use this product 4 times before the can was empty . Are you kidding ? That right there is the deal breaker for me.Outside of the fact that you 'd have to buy 4 bottles a month to have enough , it worked pretty well . My hair no longer looked oily , which was great . However , the smell was n't the best in the world . It 's a little too tropical for my taste ... whenever I 'd get a whiff , I was n't happy about it .
 i know how to use this , i had used several cans of this before the one i bought on Amazon.i do n't know why , but it left white residue on my hair -LRB- my hair was blonde -RRB- since when i had about a half of it left . . which had n't happened before . i used to buy this product at my local Ulta . but i ordered it online because i did n't have time to drive to the store . i do n't know if the product was old or wrong , or i used it in improper way.anyway , after using several bottles i thought it was waste of money and time -LRB- to make sections , brush , and get rid of residue -RRB- , so stopped using this.product works ok though .
 I bought this for my daughter who has dry yet very oily hair . She needs to wash her hair every day but that is supposedly bad so we decided to buy the Batiste . After using it for a week she already has little dry patches but they had become so irritated that they just became huge and out of control . Her hair became very dry and dull looking . We stopped using it and have been washing her hair again with dandruff shampoo . We have it back under control . I do not recommend this to anyone with oily , dry hair . It will irritate and aggrivate your dandruff even more .
 When I first spray it on my hair , my head feels cold . At the begining , it sort of make my hair less oily feeling . But after half an hour or so , my hair gets more oily than before . And since you would spray gray powder out from the can . The powder would sit everywhere , very messy . I do n't like it at all . Do n't waste your money on this dry shampoo .
 I ordered this product because I read other reviews claiming that it was `` the best dry shampoo . '' It was a great price , under $ 5 and I was very excited to get it.The product came quickly and I tried it immediately . But was unpleased with the results . This product turned my hair white -LSB- my hair is dark blonde/light brown -RSB- and although the white color brushed out easily , it really did n't do anything for it . It did n't make it look clean or shiny as it claimed it did.Basically , I wasted $ 5 to find out this product does n't work . I 'd be interested in trying another one , though I hope it works next time .
 I really wanted to like this product ... I used some when my hair got slightly greasy/oily just before i went out for the day , rubbed it in , and combe it through but it ended up making my hair extreamly greasy ... I should have just not used it at all . . does n't do what it claims .
 TROPICAL Batiste Dry Shampoo
 this makes your hair white while spraying and the fumes from the bottle is intoxicating . This product is not good if you have oily type hair .
 I am one of these people that should wash my hair every other day , but actually get around to it after about 3-4 days . Before I used Batiste Dry Shampoo , I was stuck with ponytails and `` messy buns '' for the last day or two . But now , I simply lift up each section around my head , spritz and BOOM ! Perfect texture and that bedhead we all tried to achieve years ago , but failed to do.I can not stress enough that I only vouch for the original scent .
 I guess it did what it was supposed to - made my unwashed hair look a little cleaner in a pinch.However , the can is an AEROSOL SPRAY , something that was n't clear from the description . This makes it hard to aim without spraying toxins into one 's eyes , and is unneccessary , since it 's just a type of cornstarch powder product . Plus , it has that disgusting odor that all aerosol hairsprays seem to have . It made me sneeze and my hair stink the whole day , despite the attempt to cover it up with fragrence . I threw it away after one use .
 Pro
 It works well , but I only got about half a dozen uses out of it before the bottle was empty . For $ 8 , I expect to be able to use it for at least a month or two , so I wo n't be buying it again .
 I found this product in a local beauty shop and figured I 'd give it a try , being that it was a fraction of the cost of the dry-shampoo I normally use . I have been known to be overly scent-sensitive , which certainly could be a factor in this , but as has been mentioned , the smell of this product made it impossible for me to use - I wound up throwing it away after trying to get used to it a few times . it 's this weird citrusy/babypowderish combination that is utterly sickening . on top of this , I did n't find the product itself to work all that successfully when compared to other similar products I have used . all in all , I do not recommend the batiste dry shampoo - the price is enticing , but the poor quality ruins any price advantage .
 Ok , so I did read one person 's review that was bad saying she thought it was due to her fine hair that it did not work , but I have curly hair and tons of it -LRB- though it is actually semi fine but coarse -RRB- . This did not take oil out of the roots and weighed it down . It made it smell fresh though .
 This product smells bad and leaves your hair gray . I will not buy this product again . I went back to Big Sexy Dry Shampoo .
 I loved the product but since I only got to use it three times I wont buy it again . I used it before church and when I came home the can was wet -LRB- from condensation -RRB- . When i tried to use it again it did not work .
 The transaction was great . I received the product within a weeks time . The shampoo does absorb oil however I do n't like the fragrance .
 The Batiste Blossom smells good but somewhat messy . I did n't know it was white powder so was surprised to see my very dark hair covered in white powder , though it did brush out . Did n't do much for my scalp which is what really needs freshening . Expensive for what you get . I found the Weave Organic Root Stimulator hair freshener that eliminates odor and freshens hair , oil free , 4 oz at $ 4.99 at a beauty supply store that caters to African-American clientele . It 's non-aerosol . I spray it lightly in my hair and in my hands that I rub through my scalp . It dries pretty quickly on it 's own ; or can blow dry . It works well but use a light tough ; otherwise your hair will be soaking wet . Bumble and Bumble 's hair powder is AWFUL and very very expensive -- do not buy!P.S . the new Suave dry shampoo works pretty good but use sparingly otherwise will get that gunky feeling on your hair -LRB- 5/6/2011 -RRB-
 I would n't buy this again . I mean , it does absorb some oil , but it leaves white residue in my dark brown hair even if I brush and blow it out . Also , it makes your hair really dull/matte ... like , not in a good way . So then I have to use some shine spray . When it 's all said and done , the time it takes to spray this stuff in , brush , blow , and refix ... I could have just washed my hair again . I have thin , fine hair . Maybe it would work on different hair . Good luck dirty hair dudettes !!
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 This deodorant works pretty well in keeping odor down , but it made my underarms red . I stopped using it and immediately it cleared up . Just to be sure it was n't a fluke , I tried using it again , but I immediately had red underarms . I did some research and found out that talc -LRB- one of the ingredients -RRB- can cause irritation in a lot of people . I bought a 4-pack so now I 'm stuck with 3 unopened containers I ca n't use ! : -LRB-
 If you are looking for an unscented deodorant , consider the `` Crystal Body Deodorant '' product that comes as a dry solid . It is a salt that you apply after moistening it with water . I compared the products carefully , and the `` Crystal '' stuff worked better -LRB- for me -RRB- than Earth Science Liken deodorant or Tom 's of Maine unscented deodorant .
 Maybe this one works better on someone with a different body chemistry . But even with reapplying , this one does n't last me until lunch time .
 If you are looking for an unscented deodorant , consider the `` Crystal Body Deodorant '' product that comes as a dry solid . It is a salt that you apply after moistening it with water . I compared the products carefully , and the `` Crystal '' stuff worked better -LRB- for me -RRB- than Earth Science Liken deodorant or Tom 's of Maine unscented deodorant .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 The perfume I received is just good to be trashed.This is not That `` forever '' by Alfred Sung '' , described on the website.The stickers had been removed on bottle to hide the real name of this ugly perfume . If you want to buy the the right perfume , just buy from fragrancenet.com or amazon.Do not trust this seller .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 I bought my chi here and I did n't try it for months because I was traveling when it arrived so then I go to turn it on and it did n't heat up . I tried contacting the seller to see if there was anything I could do about it but they never replied back .
 Do NOT purchase any products from AMELY BEAUTY STORE . They have HORRIBLE customer service and ship defective items . I purchased a $ 140 Chi Flat Iron in November 2010 and in less than 8 months the item stopped working properly and constantly shuts off . I contacted AMELY BEAUTY STORE to find out what could be done as the Chi Flat Iron was still under the one year warranty . None of my emails went answered . This is not how you should run a business and I will never purchase from this vendor again .
 This seems like a quality deal , until you open the box and find nothing in it !! Yea that 's right , no Chi flattening iron ! After 3 emails , I finally had to write to Amazon and complain and explain situation . I was refunded in full . How do I rate the product ? Got no clue ! Never saw it .
 Hey ya 'll . I just purchased a Chi from this seller . The item was supposed to be brand new , but it seemed like it was refurbished . The product did turn on , but it did n't heat like I know this model can . also the red light kept flashing . Another thing I disliked was that the item location was supposed to be New Jersey , however , after waiting about a month for our package we received it with China marked in the return address . I just wanted to bring this to your attention before you spend hundred dollars on a disappointing item.Kent
 FIRST OF ALL THIS PRODUCT DIDNT COME UNTIL 16DAYS AFTER PURCHASE . WHEN IT CAME I DIDNT GET TO USE IT UNTIL 3DAYS AFTER I GOT IT . IT WORKED FINE IT WAS A LITTLE SLOW TO HEAT UP I NOTICED THAT RIGHT AWAY . I DIDNT NEED TO USE TI AGAIN UNTIL 7 DAYS AFTER THAT AND IT DIDNT HEAT UP . I TOOK IT TO MY NEICE 'S SALON AND SHE TRIED TO GET IT TO WORK AND IT WOULD N'T WORK AND TO THIS DAY THE SELLER WILL NOT CONTACT ME . THE FLAT IRON STILL DOESNT WORK TO THIS VERY DAY ! IM WAITING FOR AMAZON TO GIVE ME A FULL REFUND IF NOT ME AND MY COMPANY/CHURCH WILL NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH AMAZON AGAIN .
 I can not believe my taste would be so different from the rest of the world . This perfume is very sweet , not too long lasting and overall it 's just a blah perfume . Nothing special . Not too bad but definitely not my taste .
 i bought this perfume based on these amazing reviews thinking it would smell amazing . I HATE the way it smells .
 Ok , this has to be the worst product I have EVER BOUGHT !!! It is impossible to use , and the results do n't last at all ! I followed the directions one night , and after struggling to get them in my hair , I went to sleep . The next morning I woke up , took out the rollers , and had gorgeous curls . But , I saw a tiny tangle , and gently ran a finger through it . The entire curl went straight ! Plus , after spraying it with hairspray and walking around a little , they were ALL GONE !!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! It is a complete waste of money , and just really pissed me off ! Spare yourself the frustration and DO NOT BUY !!!!
 This product is terrible ... my hair never has issues taking a curl and this simply did n't work ! No refunds , no returns , such a waste ! Wish I could give it ZERO stars . Bad product with bad service .
 Left hair too greasy looking and I was allergic to some ingredient -LRB- I tend to be sensitive -RRB- , will not keep buying .
 This had a decent smell but does not lather . So I swished it in my hair twice in order to feel like I got everything . It did make my hair shiny , soft and smooth without stripping the hair color the first couple of times I used it . After the third time my hair was stiff with buildup .
 Why would a simple cologne sell for almost $ 1,800 ?! That is just pure ridiculous ! You are a fool if you spend your hard earned money on this perfume .
 I bought this iron thinking it would be a miracle worker to my slightly thick and very straight hair . I was so excited when I started curling my hair ... but as I looked in the mirror , I realized it was all in vain . This iron is n't as great as it 's advertised to be . You WILL NOT get BIG DEEP waves . You will get very thin barely noticable waves if anything ALONG WITH A FRIZZY LOOK . You know how some irons will leave your hair in such that if you touch it after ironing/curling it , the hair will get frizzy ? Well this does that as well , except you do n't even have to touch it for it to look frizzy :-LRB- Girls , have you ever braided your hair when it was slightly wet and then hours later taken it out , only to find your hair is unevenly set with waves ? Or have you ever dressed up for camaflouge day with the tiny little braids , then taken them out ? That 's what this iron will do . Except you might burn yourself while attempting the look . Alas , I 'm forced to continue looking for a new miracle-worker for my un-stylish hair . This iron does have a high and low setting , and safety features ... like the little light that tells you the iron is hot . Big Whoop ... it did n't make my hair look awesome with thick deep waves . It looks like I did n't wash my hair out after wearing a braid . But if you do want that look , save yourself the money ladies ... just braid your hair and take it out later . I would not buy this iron again ! ...
 This item was ordered Dec. 4th for Christmas . Shows shipping date between August and Dec. 18th . We have yet to receive and ca n't cancel order . What 's going on ?????
 I bought this unit at local store about week ago , had to return it for the following reasons :1 -RRB- Very bad manual/instruction2 -RRB- Very inacurate timer setting3 -RRB- Requires purified water or distilled water4 -RRB- The cool mist is n't nearly as cool as we thought5 -RRB- Last but no least , it stopped working on my second try.Unfortunately , this seems to be the only product on the market that has the warm/cool facial spa capability . Sigh , a good idea ruined by bad engineering .
 Bought this hoping for a good amount of steam for facials and sinus problems . . hardly any steam comes out and there are too many little pieces and parts . Not worth the $ $ at all . I 'm back to boiling a large pot of water for steam .
 I bought this product from Amazon only 50 days ago . I followed instructions carefully but the machine did not work properly . Though I set the timer to 15 minutes , the mister shut itself off after only 5 minutes . The steam did not feel warm enough and the cool mist did not feel cool but warm.This is the second time I get disappointed at a Conair product . I had a Conair hair dryer that stopped working in less than 2 months . From now on , I will stay away from any CONAIR product .
 I had my doubts when I purchased it but being tight on money I thought why not , for the price , it could n't be that bad if it did n't work . Well I was right , it does n't work . I have used it twice a day , every day since I got it -LRB- over a month -RRB- and it does NOT relive puffy eyes .
 I used this conditioner as part of a 5-step `` ritual '' . It made my medium-textured relaxed hair a puffy disaster . I expect a conditioner to make my hair feel soft and a wide-tooth comb should glide through with the product in and after it is rinsed out.The only reason that I did n't give it one star is because it did at least undo the matted bird 's nest that the ojon `` hydrating '' shampoo left my hair in but I had to work way too hard to comb through my hair.My hair felt extremely dry after using the set and I would never recommend this product line at all and will be returning .
 It smells absolutely wonderful ! But , I could n't get a comb through my hair after using it to save my life ! So , it 's basically hair perfume .
 I ordered the 32 oz and received an 8 oz . When I tried to call I could not get an answer and no one would return my call . These people are thieves . CND Scrubfresh Nail Prep 32 oz .
 Product is thick & sinks to the bottom . Makes very few bubbles . I dont recommend it . It is 1,4 Dioxane free though .
 I have a Magic Eyes Mirror -LRB- actually two of them -RRB- . I ordered this for travelling but returned it since it was so unclear I could n't see to put makeup on or do my eyebrows . Spend the extra money and get a magic eyes mirror - I have had one for 20 years ... so much better than this .
 I have used Avalon Organics shampoos and conditioners in the past year , LOVED them , but stopped because I find them a bit pricey . I recently purchased the same 2 shampoos and 2 conditioners I 've used in the past and they are HORRIBLE !!! After just one use , my hair is so dry and brittle and I have long , very healthy hair . I can not even run a comb through my hair with the conditioner in . I am so disappointed in these products and with the company . I called Avalon Organics directly and asked if they changed their ingredients and was told that yes , they have changed the formulas in their shampoos and conditioners . This was not advertised on the bottles . I was offered coupons but no refund . I no longer would recommend purchasing Avalon Organics products .
 I do not like this shampoo and will never buy it again.I tried it because of the natural ingredients but it does not feel like my hair is clean after . I also used the conditioner and it does n't condition my hair at all .
 I used to love this conditioner , but it has been reformulated . It does n't detangle and it leaves my hair dull and sticky . There is a sticker on the bottle that says `` New More Sustainable '' . I appreciate their efforts for sustainability , but if it does n't work , no one will buy it . I have long fine hair , so some people may not have the same issues with it , but I do n't think they did a good job of testing the new formula before they put it on the market .
 I love the SMELL of this shampoo , but that 's all I love . After using this daily for a month , I found that my scalp was developing patches of oily crust - using the same technique for shampooing that I always use . I was glad when it was gone and wo n't buy it again .
 The scent is absolutely wonderful . I have baby fine hair and it IS a little difficult to lather up into big suds like other shampoos , but it still cleaned well and made my hair nice and soft . I also used the matching Avalon Lavender Conditioner with good success.Problem is ... when I was diagnosed with Celiac disease , I made HUGE changes to my diet and lifestyle -- more organic , nothing with wheat/gluten , less processed & more natural/raw . This shampoo and conditioner was my treat for this total life make-over I had to do . So the other day when I replaced my shampoo , I noticed a different label on the bottle . I double-checked the ingredients and it now contains hydrolyzed wheat protein when it did not before . So * NOT * that I expect to ingest my shampoo , but it is more worrying to me about getting ANY suds in my eyes , nose , or mouth . It is a risk I am not willing to take.I sent a note via their website asking why they changed the ingredients adding wheat , and that I can not use it now , and this is the response from Sarah , Consumer Relations Representative at The Hain Celestial Group
 ABC WHOLESALE will send you items in poor condition and if you want a refund they will respond to your emails snobbishly before blowing you off , dont trust them !!!
 I bought this shampoo to try as a natural alternative to the more chemical-laden brands . I have waist-length , thick , wavy hair . I found myself having to shampoo my hair two or three times to make it feel and look as clean as with my previous natural shampoo -LRB- Burt 's Bee 's -RRB- after one wash . I tend to shampoo 2-3 times a week as we live in a low-water area . I do not have coarse hair or greasy scalp . The shampoo also started to develop a strange odor after about six weeks . However , the lemon helped to brighten my naturally blond locks and until it went bad , has a wonderfully fresh scent .
 This Shampoo does not lather easily and leaves hair dry and tangled . The conditioner is hard to squeeze out of bottle and in terms of improving the texture , does n't help either . I have to dispense a generous amount even though I have short hair . On the flip side , The product smells great though and hopefully , does n't have harmful chemicals.Overall review - did n't work for me : -LRB-
 I used to use this conditioner and loved it . The new formula has ruined my hair . The old formula conditioned and left my hair sleek and clean . Now my hair has the texture of dried grass . I will be cutting my hair shorter to save it from what this awful conditioner has done to it . I tried to email the company and it said the website was down . Now I have to wait until Monday to call them .
 The smell is wonderful , until you use it . Hard to lather and work through hair . Almost feels like it is pulling hair out rather than washing it . After rinsing hair feels like straw . Dry straw hay . Terrible . Do n't recommend .
 I wanted to like this . The 1st time I used it , it was ok but the more I used it the worse my hair got . I have normal straight fine hair and live in Colorado so I need some moisturizing but not a lot . The seriously dried my hair out . My scalp itched a little so I stopped using it .
 After reading other reviews on this product , I believe that something is wrong with mine as well . This is not the Armani Mania I remember . The smell is way off and the product does not last . Maybe there is a storage problem or something . I would hope that this is not intentional . Waste of money for me .
 I just bought this yesterday through amazon , I am not sure if this is original or not , but it just smells like after shave lotion and dosent last long . Package and other things are all fine.Dont buy this if you are looking for some thing special.Dont buy this if you dont want to waste your money.A cheap after shave lotion smells better than this .
 The plastic head was broken , even the smell it does n't seem it is the original , I will not buy from them again , I still have it on the table , did n't use it .
 I bought two bottles because I thougth women will be crazy about the smell . Why would I think that way ? Reviews from all over the web . Nobody ever asked me what I am wearing when I used it . Nevertheless , the jet black bottles are cool to look at .
 Smells great but the first time it shipped I received the wrong product . The second time it came it was leaking , but at least my gym bag does n't smell like sweaty socks anymore . I highly recommend the product just next time I will be buying it from a store nearby .
 Very unhappy with this Amazon purchase ! I was sent the women 's Mania by Giorgio Armani when I ordered the MEN 'S !!!! After receiving it I was stuck ... can not be returned and I do n't care for the sent so I will not be wearing it . This was a waste of my time and money . If getting the wrong product does n't make you mad enough I could not even post this without giving it at least 1 star ... I give it NO STARS
 HORRIBLE !!!!!! It is not the real thing . I am shocked that they can sell this on Amazon . I am honestly reconsidering ordering anything from here . It looked legit , but once my husband opened the bootleg product he realized that the word CODE was stickers that came right off . It does n't even smell like it . . I am furious . DO NOT PURCHASE this product unless you have tons of $ and just like giving money away to crooks .
 I know what Code smells like , and what I got was notan authentic bottle of Armani Code . Please beware ofthis dishonest seller.The packaging is real enough , but the product is phony .
 When i received it , it was broken . The box of parfume was wet . I lost some amount of it .
 fake cologne , i checked in the store and the real bottle has a white text imprinted on the back of the bottle . This one does NOT . Also , fragrance does NOT hold up for too long .
 Half-strength at best . Some is cheating . I 've been using this product for years and the last one I bought `` stinks ! '' -LRB- pun intended . -RRB- It 's all alcohol and no fragrance - someone is diluting the fragrance and charging too much for a bogus product . I wo n't buy this from anyone but a dept. store now .
 Was so disappointed ! Gave it to my boyfriend for Christmas . Noticed that when he would use it , the smell would disappear quickly . I would definitely say , that this product was not the real stuff . I would buy at the store from now on .
 I ordered from Amazon LLC after reading negative reviews from third party sellers.For starters , the package had clearly been opened and resealed.The cologne reeks of rubbing alcohol , with absolutely NO other scents.Don ' t make the mistake I did , spend the extra $ and go to a dept store !!! Unless of course you 're in the market for a $ 60 bottle of rubbing alcohol .
 I purchased the 3.4 oz bottle . This is NOT armani mania . The packaging all looks good , the bottle looks good . But what is inside is a product that smells kinda of similar to Armani Mania but it is watered down and alcohol smelling . This item is either 1 -RRB- a fake rip off or 2 -RRB- opened some how and then deluded with alcohol.Either way this is a complete scam and a ripoff
 Its fake , do not buy !!! You can not return this product once you receive it.I have been using armani code for years and as soon as i opened the box , i realized this was fake , not genuine product.Scent is awful and when i contacted seller about this , they did nothing.Now i am left with garbage product , dont waste your money .
 Your title says that `` Mens Designer Cologne by Giorgio Armani , -LRB- BLACK CODE EAU DE TOILETTE SPRAY 4.2 oz + On Sale -RRB- - @Up To 55 % Off '' but the price is 58 dollars . Since a regular price at a retail is around $ 85 , you discounted the price by 35 % . Let me know when the price will be dropped down by 55 % ; otherwise , why waste everyone 's time and give a false information ? Are you hoping that people wo n't do the math and notice ?
 I bought the 3.4 ounce Emporio armani perfume for women by georgio armani . However - it smelled like rubbing alcohol when I got it . The bottle was identical but there was no serial number like the real Emporio has on the bottom . Also , the bottom of the bottle had glue sticking out from it like someone opened the bottle , refilled it with something else and glued it back shut . I have worn this fragrance my whole life and this is definitely fake - probably right from China - beware ! I went to post a review about this but suddenly the product disappeared from this sellers collection of perfumes !!! I got a refund ... but lost S+H charges ... DONT waste your time or money !!!!
 I read the good reviews about this cologne and decided to get it for my husband as a gift . I never smelled the scent , so I was taking a chance . After wearing it , he smelled like sweet cooking spice . We thought maybe the smell would die down , so he went to work with it on . He said that people kept asking who was wearing cinnamon scented cologne while he was there . He knew it was him , but he did n't say anything ... LOL ! I do n't like it because of the constant smell of cinnamon spice which reminds me of strong Big Red gum . I kept getting queasy , so we just decided to throw it away . Maybe his body chemistry just did n't go with it . Overall , If you like the smell of pumpkin pies on your skin , then I would suggest this . If not , do not buy this scent . And from now on when it comes to scents , I will have to sniff before buying .
 Not like Code at all . Barely noticeable even when spraying for the first time . I just wo n't reorder this again .
 I received this in my newspaper this morning . I opened it up and it smells very womanly . I could not believe it is a mens scent ! It smells similar to CK One a female relative of mine wears . The Roca Wear X cologne I bought on a whim recently smells exactly like this Armani Code . If you want something quite manly Drakkar Noir or Lacoste are still good choices .
 Guys , remember
 Armani Code By Giorgio Armani For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 2.5 Ounces perfume disappointed me . It is not strong and its odor last for a short time . It is the worst I have .
 This is not the real cologne , it 's a knockoff from China . I know because I have the real stuff from Arman -LRB- and about 30 bottles of other real colognes -RRB- . I gave this as a present to my brother for Christmas . When he opened it , it was leaking everywhere , the top was faded , and the box itself had Chinese markings on the inside lining where the glue previously held the box together -LRB- but had opened due to the leaky bottle -RRB- . The lettering was also a dead giveaway . It was glued on and crooked , like some kid assembled it.DO NOT BUY from this person . Fake cologne knock off .
 I have bought Armani colognes from department stores in the past and they were all great . The scent stayed on for the entire day after you wore the cologne in the morning.I bought Armani Code and a couple of other colognes from Amazon and they all seemed to be watered down . I noticed the difference immediately after wearing them and the smell did n't last for even a couple of hours . I wo n't buy colognes from Amazon and rather stick with department stores such as Macy 's .
 The box had white strips in it , the barcode was taped over and the bottle smells like aftershave . All around a true fake . Do n't bother .
 I have never tried an Armani product before , but when a couple of friends at work wore this perfume , I had to buy one . I take special interest in the way I smell and thought this would be worth it . Inspite of being suggested to buy at another online store I bought it here . I am sorry to say this seems to be an aftermarket/duplicate version that I received . It has no top , bottom or middle notes . It does n't stay at all . I never bothered to return this . But be careful
 This stuff smells like the powder that your barber or hairdresser brushes on your neck after a trim . It 's a discriminating taste thing for sure but I 'm not remotely impressed and doubt I would wear it . My girlfriend was equally unimpressed I will likely re-gift it if I can find someone that appreciates scent . It the type of thing I would use for funeral , not I night on the town and certainly not to look for a woman . It 's very popular with stellar reviews , my guess with men over 55 though . To be fair though I hate that powdery smell on a man or a woman many people find it pleasing .
 To my surprise I received a cheap copy of the fragrance CODE from Armani . I got suspiscious when I unpacked because the plastic was thicker than usual . I then opened the box , which smelled strong and weird . It had linked in the box . Looking at the bottle and its cap I realized that the bottle and the cap were all scratched . Also , the word `` CODE '' was not written in pure white , it was more like a beige , which is usually a sign of copied product . A bit despaired , I took the bottle to a parfum shop to compare the odor with another CODE . It was obviously different!I then wrote to the Amazon and the seller who wrote me back quickly and were very sorry about my bad luck . The seller asked me to send the bottle back and promised a full refund . He will works it out with his supplier.I know many people are happy with their purchase -LRB- that 's why I decided to give internet a try -RRB- , I guessed I was just unlucky ?!
 The blow dryer is perfect size for my bathroom . I was very happy until one day it just started actibg funny and then it just would n't turn out . Now I have to figure out if I can get a refund . Waste of money ! ... and time !
 I purchased this mirror to replace one I had for 8 years . It came with 3 suction cups on the back . I attached it to my bathroom mirror ready to check it out . When I had finished , I tried to get the suction cups to release , and the whole glass mirror crashed to the tile floor . The frame was still stuck , and the suction cups were too , but the mirror was in pieces on the floor . If you buy this product , do n't use all the suction cups . One will do . I would send it back but it would cost almost as much in postage as I paid for it .
 The diameter is actually 7 inches with a 2 inch border to make it the advertised 9 nine inches . The mirror fogs up as soon as steam develops in the shower . It took too long to arrive , and it turned out to be worthless . I am disgusted with my purchase .
 What a disappointment ! The mirror was not attached to the base . The base had an impact mark . I took the mirror out of the package and right away it slipped off the base . There were finger prints on the mirror as if it had been sold before . I instantly sent it back !
 This is the worst waste of money I have ever had . the only good thing about this mirror is the suction cups . 3x magnification ??? more like 9x !!! you have to have your face right on the mirror or it looks like you are standing by one of those funny distorted amusment park mirrors.My suggestion would be not to waste your money on it . its a joke .
 So , yeah , it mounts in your bathroom with the suction cups , and once it 's mounted , it stays put pretty well . Unfortunately , it has so far never actually been `` fogless . '' Get a good shower going , and the mirror fogs up in record time . Splash some water on it , and you can see yourself for half a minute , but overall , this is a disappointment .
 I HAVE A 10X MAGNIFYING AND A 5X MAGNIFYING MIRROR WITH SUCTION CUPS BY ANOTHER MANUFACTURER AND THEY ARE PERFECT ; BUT I NEED A 3X MAGNIFYING MIRROR SO I PURCHASED THIS ONE . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY . THIS IS USELESS AND EXTREMELY DISTORTED . I WILL HAVE TO SEND IT BACK OR THROW IT OUT . DO NOT PURCHASE A JERDON MIRROR . YOU DO NOT EVEN LOOK LIKE YOURSELF IN THE MIRROR ; THAT IS HOW DISTORTED IT IS . I SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS BEFORE I PURCHASED THIS ONE .
 Mirror does not meet expectations - will be returning it . Not the products fault - it 's my mother 's eyes !!! We 'll try again .
 After pregnancy I developed a few brown spots -LRB- not freckle sized , larger -RRB- on my upper lip and forehead . This product did not remove or even lighten them . I hope someday to find something that works over the counter .
 dont buy this it never work ive use it others to and it do n't
 I ordered the product , but never received it . I asked the company for either a refund or an EXPEDITED shipment of their product . They chose to give me a refund . Their unwillingness to reship their product made me not want to place another order .
 My problem with this machine is I have to crank up the setting to the maximum for the wax to melt ~ which takes over 2.5 HOURS ! Then , it is so hot , it actually burns the skin . BUT , when I turn it down , it hardens on the top ... but the wax uderneath is still scalding . I waste SO much wax it is insane . Save your money & buy a better brand . : -LRB-
 My mistake . It takes a long time to heat up . When it finally does heat up it is too hot . The tub is smaller than I thought . It 's okay , but would 've bought a bigger one , where the wax melted , but not steaming.Maybe they could use these comments for the next model .
 The heat dial does not work and since my husband threw out the box , I can not return it . A complete waste of money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered this product on 12-31-2009 . After 8 days I called Computer Brain who was shipping this product , for a tracking number and I checked Fedex tracking website . It said no number . I called Fedex and they had no such tracking number . So I called Computer Brain back . They said they would check into it and get back to me this was on Friday late morning . So on Monday I called again and they said they should have an answer sometime that day . On Wed I called Computer Brain again and I was told they were n't sure what happened but that they were RESHIPPING the item to me . On Jan 13 , 2009 a shipping label was made out and my account was charged . I called Computer Brain for the tracking number . Today Jan 17 , 2009 I called Fedex and was told a label ONLY was made out they never picked up a package . So I called Computer Brain . I was told that yes they made the label out and charged my account when the order got to the shipping department they were on backorder . AND NO ONE CONTACTED ME ABOUT THIS . I have asked to have my money back and to cancel the order . But I certainly think that for good customer service I should have been contacted . I believe that this company should not be allowed to use Amazon.comColleen W
 I am very disappointed with the REVLON Paraffin bath . It takes longer than the instructed ninty minutes to heat up and it does n't get very warm . Even after 2 hours the paraffin was only slightly warm and did not stay on my hands . I wished I had read reviews before I made my purchase . I would not recommend that anyone waste money on this item .
 Just sent this one back.I use a diffuser , and the dryer keeps overheating .
 ... it feels so greasy , like I have a layer of baby oil on me . Some people like baby oil , but I want to be able to touch my clothes and bedsheets without worry . My friend gave this last Christmas and I wanted to like it because it has a great reputation . Now , it just sits in my medicine cabinet waiting for me to toss it out . For hand repair , I recommendUpper Canada Soap And Candle Naturally Whipped Hand Repair , Sweet Vanilla Fig , 4-Ounce Tubes -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- .
 Cover takes at least 24 hours to dry and does get moldy . The inside blowup much larger than cover which makes it hard to blow up enough to be comfortable .
 The cover is 100 % cotton and tends to develop mold if left on the pillow after using -LRB- if it gets wet -RRB- . To keep it from molding , you have to remove the cover , launder it , and then put it back on the pillow . This is too much maintenance for everyday use .
 I was searching for a more natural perfume alternative to commercial products so I thought I would try this . It smells like Endust dusting spray . I asked my husband what he thought it smelled like and he said `` Lemon Pledge . `` Maybe some of their other fragrances smell nice but this one literally stinks ... the shells are teeny , tiny , in the bottom of the glass . The spray is clear so just looks like water.The ingredients are listed on the bottle except for last ingredients which only read `` other essential oils '' which concerns me because of possible allergic reactions to unknown sources.Save your money and try another product !!!! If you want ocean type smell try an air purifier ionizer .
 Really love the quality and how mild and cleansing this soap is ; sadly it does contain `` Distilled Palm Fatty Acid '' as the first ingredient . For those who may not be aware
 used it and it is not worth the money ! chandrika is 1/4 the price and it smells way more than this . will not be purchasing it again ... disappointed
 Not sure what happened . I received the smaller 75gram bar instead of the 150gram . Not sure if it was a human error or if it was mislabled -LRB- it has an added barcode sticker added -RRB- . The product discription is hard to read and I only caught the error because I also ordered an additional box of 4 150gram bars so I was able to compare . I contacted Amazon and they refunded me the cost rapidly.The product it 's self is outstanding . I love the smell and the soap leaves my skin clean and does n't dry it out . I love it and will order more when the time comes .
 I 've been using pumice stones to obsessively exfoliate my feet for years . I lost my last one -LRB- which I 'd had for the last 4 years -RRB- and wanted to try this out.I do n't know what it 's made out of -- plastic ? Foam ? It 's awful . Sure , it exfoliates , but it feels like I 'm scratching my skin . Little bits of purple stuff come off into the tub.My REAL pumice stones -LRB- new one included -RRB- have all been phenomenal . You can boil them to disinfect them . I can pumice the fragile skin on the top of my foot and it does n't hurt . I can go to town on my heel and it comes out soft as butter and does n't hurt at all . That 's what a pumice stone SHOULD do.Don ' t waste your money with a cheap , scratchy thing that crumbles with each use . Spend your money to buy a REAL pumice stone and it 'll last a long time and do a better job .
 Although this product is listed as `` pumice '' is it NOT pumice -- which is exclusively the natural material . It is STYROFOAM-like man-made junk that crumbles on the first use .
 The Mr. Pumice `` stone '' was a waste of money . It did n't work , dropped a lot of granules and made a mess . The block felt like a piece of flimsy styrofoam . I would not recommend this product .
 Its not really stone . Its kind of brittle and weak and it is already starting the fracture . But it is very rough .
 I specifically ordered a discontinued item that was shown on this site as still available through them . They substituted a different item and now refuse to send me a return label for the wrong item shipped .
 The ceramic piece is prone to falling of its plastic casing . A little hot glue fixes this problem , but not permently.It does an okay job of filing nails , but not as smooth as I expected . For around $ 9 , I would have expected a better quality product ... especially from tweezerman .
 Just received the product and the ceramic has already fallen out . The amount of glue used did n't hold the ceramic in place for more than 10 minutes . As others have said , the ceramic is very rigid and takes a little bit of time to get used to . Very disappointed in the quality .
 What could be better than ceramic ? Well , the old 8 or 10 inch `` Diamond Deb '' for starters . This `` blade '' is too thick and too wide , and it 's also too short even with the handle extended to make filing nails comfortable or convenient . There 's a groove in the `` blade '' which I think is supposed to be a guide , but it 's set in too far from the edge . And the `` Cleaner '' is just a plastic hook on the end that is too sharp and too thick to clean . I might regift it next Christmas if I can think of somebody I 'm not that crazy about . Oh , by the way , it does file , not well , but it does file .
 This is the 8 oz bottle that is completely unsatisfactory ... . It is obviously a different product than what is in the 2 oz bottle ... . It is a very dark , dark Blue instead of a light blue and has an extemely unpleasent odor ... . How do we go about returning it for a refund ? My husband has been using Royal Copenhagen for years and this is the first and only time it has been bad .
 The other three reviewers to date seem to love this stuff . I could n't disagree more . It stinks of a heavy perfume worn by an old lady . Not at all subtle or masculine which is key to a good aftershave splash . I own at least 30 aftershaves from the cheap drugstore variety to the more expensive imports . This is one of the worst I 've ever tried . Had to shower after about 20 mins . to remove the stench from my skin . So strong it constricted my nasal passage and initiated the gag reflex . My wife got the same reaction . I boxed it right back up and gave it to my daughter to give away . Pass on this one .
 I ordered Royal Copenhagen Aftershave BALM , not regular aftershave . The item in the picture was correct , BUT , the item listed was incorrect . I sent the product back and you replaced . The replacement was also WRONG . The entire deal was very frustrating and I still do not have Royal Copenhagen Aftershave BALM ! Oh well .
 I was disappointed in my purchase . I very carefully looked at the product displayed as Royal Copenhagen Aftershave . I was looking for Royal Copenhagen Balm so I increased the size of the picture and saw that it was the balm which is a creamy aftershave lotion . What I received was 3 bottles of clear blue liquid aftershave not what was presented in the picture . For this reason I returned all three bottles . I was credited with postage only the first time and then was told when I brought this to the attention of customer service that I had returned all 3 bottles that I purchased . I was told that it would be credited to my charge card that I used to purchase it in the first place . I have not as yet seen this credit on my charge account . I am still looking for the Royal Copenhagen Aftershave BALM on other web sites .
 I 've been using this Nuface product on just one hand for 3 weeks for 15 minutes a day to see if it works before I start on my face . So far my hands look the same , absolutely no difference on the texture or wrinkles . I have to say , it 's a total waste of money . I 've been doing my face at the salon and had good results , I really wish this worked as I do n't want to continue spending money at the salon ... too expensive . If someone finds a product that does what it says let me know !
 I 've been using Nuface for almost a month -- everyday , 20 minutes a day . Absolutely no results . I 'm a 42 year old woman with some sagging , etc. and I was hopeful about this product . Not only does it not work , but it also seems to really dry out my skin and leave it parched and almost more wrinkled-looking . Does this really work for other people ? I find it hard to believe unfortunately .
 Hurts and have not seen a difference in my face . Feels like you re getting a little shock each time you use it .
 I fail to see any benefits from using this product . I am 54 years old and see no difference after 3 weeks of use . I saw where many complained of using the gel , however that was never a big issue . You do n't need much and it wipes off easily with a warm washcloth . I would recommend you keep your money in your pocket .
 It 's just not worth it ! It barely does what its supposed to do ! Way too pricey for what you get ! And it 's operated by a 7 voltbattery . Hello what ever happened to a rechargeable operated system ?
 This product is worthless . I did n't see any improvement in my skin after using it serveral times . A big waste of time and money .
 I ordered this product from Amazon as a long time customer . I received the product and did not open or use the product but observed that the product did not appear to be of the quality that would be expected for the price . I returned it in the original box the next day and expected a refund but after little help from Amazon my request has been declined . I will never do business with either company again and please anyone considering this product be very wary .
 This older model runs off batteries which need to be replaced frequently . The new NuFace Trinity is fabulous . It is rechargeable , comes with its own charger stand . The Trinity has an ergonomic handle which makes it comfortable to hold during use . The Trinity has a removable head - the company will introduce exciting new heads which should available in 2013 . The NuFace microcurrent device has many benefits . After using it for six months , my facial skin is more tone . My jowls are diminished and my jawline more defined . The change occurred slowly , at first a very subtle change . No irritations , no redness , no downtime , no problems . I prefer aloe vera gel for conductivity , it does not dry up as fast as the NuFace gel and is gentle on my sensitive skin . After one month , I really did not notice anything but I made the commitment to use it daily for 60 days , so I continued to use it . After 60 days , I believed my skin felt more toned although I still had not noticed a visual change . After 90 days , WOW ! I finally `` saw '' a change in my jawline . After six months , YOWZA ! My jowls and jawline really showed the change . Bottom line
 I 've used this pretty faithfully for several months and ca n't see any improvement . If it is just a subtle change , it is too subtle to see . I guess it was pretty silly of me to think that a 9-volt battery could change a 61-year-old jaw line . Oh well .
 I read the all of the reviews , read through the entire instructional booklet that accompanied the device and I the instructional DVD three times to make sure that I knew how to use the product correctly . I take very good care of my skin and really wanted to try this product to maintain and firm my skin.While using it , I stayed away from the eye orbital area as stated in the instructional booklet , however , I experienced the perception of flashing lights during my treatment . I looked back over the instructional booklet and did see that on page 9 , under the precautions heading , this may happen due to the stimulation of your optic nerve . I am very unhappy about this experience and I am returning the device . It is just not worth it to take a chance to me .
 I had high hopes for this product , but after using it for 2 weeks I did n't see any difference & gave up . It 's now sitting in a drawer , & I 'll probably never use it again . For the amount of time it took to use each day , I was hoping to see at least some kind of change . If there was any improvement , it was too minimal for me to notice . I got discouraged & bored & chalked it up to one of my dumber purchases . Oh well . Maybe I have the wrong kind of wrinkles .
 I got a facial in really nice hotel/spa in Sonoma , CA and they used this on me . Afterwards I had to have one so I rushed out and bought one . I 've been using it for months now , and it has made no visible difference on me . I wish I never spent the money on it . I 'd would hesitate purchasing it .
 I 've been using this product for a week , which I realize is n't very long -- but the instructions say many people see a difference after the very first use . I see nothing . Could it be that people think this product works because they want it to -LRB- the placibo effect maybe ? -RRB- . I 'm 42 years old , I have pretty good skin as it is , but of course I 've noticed some sagging around the jaw line , the eyelids , and nasalabial folds -- and I 'm beginning to get a slight chicken neck -LRB- yikes -RRB- . Nuface has n't made any noticeable difference in those sagging bits . And now I 'm worried that I may be doing more harm than good with this product -- plus , the gel and spray it comes with contain lots of chemicals and unnatural ingredients that I normally would n't put on my face . So anyway , you decide for yourself but there you go ...
 This Fred Hayman perfume smells so bad :-LRB- It seriously smells like medicine -LRB- cough syrup or something -RRB- I would not recommend it to anybody . Save your money and buy the other 273 , it smells way better !!
 I spent more money than I normally would on clippers , thinking it was time to get a nice pair . I really wanted to like them , but the toenail clippers are so mis-aligned that they rip instead of cut . I contacted Tweezerman twice thinking I got defective clippers , and they have yet to respond after several weeks.I 'm really disappointed .
 I 've never had to really think about the quality of a toe nail clipper before . I 've always had Revlon that I buy at a drug store and they worked great . I lost that pair so needed a new ` big ' clipper . I 've used other tweezerman products that I 've liked so trusted the name brand . These clippers suck ! They barely cut & when they do , it 's not a sharp even edge . Back to the drugstrore clippers for me .
 THOUGHT I WAS ORDERING A DUPLICATE NAIL CLIPPER OF WHAT I ALREADY HAD -LRB- CA N'T REMEMBER HOW I OBTAINED THE ORIGINAL -RRB- BASED ON THE PICTURE OF THE CLIPPER THAT WAS DISPLAYED . THE CLIPPER I RECEIVED WAS NOT WHAT WAS DISPLAYED & DID N'T GIVE A SHARP CLEAN CUT LIKE THE ORIGINAL DOES . I RECEIVED A TIMELY & EFFICIENT REFUND OF MY MONEY BUT WOULD RATHER HAVE RECEIVED THE CLIPPER I ORDERED . I WAS INFORMED THE PICTURE WAS PROBABLY STALE & NEVER CHANGED .
 This is a really cheap product . The nail clipper broke in third use . I did not have the original packaging so I could not return.I will not buy this d. . . brand again .
 Nice clippers , but I paid their comparatively hefty price because they were advertised as stainless and I like to buy things that will last . The larger pair have multiple rust spots on them after less than six months . By definition , not made of stainless steel .
 Pros : * They look goodCons : * Cut is not clean - thin flap left holding the trimming to the nail so that you then have to tear or pull the trimming off and then file the ragged edge . * blades are tall and vertical so that it 's a challenge to get them under the nail -LRB- between the nail and fingertip -RRB- .
 Ugh ! Sorry , I NEVER write bad reviews but this product is a piece of trash . The little clipper sprang apart the first time I tried to use it . I finally got it back together after about twenty minutes of frustration . The finish of both clippers is dull which makes them feel cheap , and the blades are so blunt that you really have to work to cut the nail , which is not very reasuring during use.Basically you could get a much better product by spending $ 2.99 at your local drug store . Do n't bother .
 I TRIED THESE CLIPPERS AND THEY WERE NOT THAT GREAT . THEY DID NOT CUT AS I EXPECTED . THEY DID NOT SEEM TO BE SHARP . IT COULD BE THAT I RECEIVED A BAD SET BUT IN ANY EVENT I WAS NOT SATISFIED . THEY ALSO DID NOT HAVE A NAIL CLEANER - THAT YOU CAN OPEN FOR LEVERAGE WHEN CUTTING . I FEEL BADLY - THEY LOOKED SO GOOD .
 I was so excited to purchase this set for my husband whom is very pickey about his clippers . Him and I both love tweezerman tweezers , so I figured that these would be equally impressive . Well , they 're not . They are so hard to press down . My nails are thick , but my husband and sons are n't at all . My son 's are actually very thin , so there should not have been any problem with his at all . If you need a real workout for your hand , then go ahead and get these , if not , consider something else . I 'm going to continue my search for the perfect clippers . If these loosen up , I 'll update my review , but I do n't think there 's any hope .
 These clippers , both of them , do not cut clean . Instead , they leave sharp , ragged edged nails . I do n't know why I bought another Tweezerman product . The scissors I bought for trimming my mustache pull , not cut , my hair which HURTS A LOT . I originally bought a pair of tweezers for my eyebrows that were actually really good . The rest of their products I have tried however , are junk . Stay away from Tweezerman . Go spend a little more money on something German .
 It 's nice to cut your nails when they 're wet . They cut easier and are less likely to blast into someone 's eye . Hence it 's nice to have stainless steel nail clippers that you might take into a shower or something.However I left my Tweezerman fingernail clippers in the shower ONE day and the darned thing started rusting where the blades are welded together!So I 've kept the toenail clippers out of the shower and tossed the fingernail clippers . However the toenail clippers are destined for the trashcan too . Take a close look at the toenail clipper . Blow up that picture . The shape of the cut is convex ! Now imagine using that on your toenails . Most people on the planet want a concave cut that rounds your nails so they do n't scratch and tear at things . However this toenail clipper gives a convex cut and will give your toenails horns!Caveate Emptor .
 Instead of being the light , effective , well-designed , easy-to-use clippers available at any local store , these clippers are heavy , poorly designed -LRB- actually hurts my hands to press on them -RRB- , they ca n't cut unless you experiment and experiment with every single angle on every single fingernail , and even then you worry that if you do n't get it exactly right , you are going to end up accidentally cutting yourself . I have no idea what nail clippers all these other people are reviewing , but the ones I have do n't work and turn something quick and easy into a massive chore . What a waste of money .
 I bought this set because I liked my wife 's Tweezerman clipper so much . When they were delivered , I was a little surprised to see the handles were black and not as pictured on Amazon . Also , they did n't cut nearly as quiet and cleanly as my wife 's authentic Tweezerman 's . Then tonight I compared the Tweezerman font between mine that I ordered on Amazon and my wife 's that she got from Rite Aid and they are definitely different . I 'm 95 % sure these are fakes . Do not buy these . It 's only $ 9 bucks but I 'm pretty upset that I got fake crap from Amazon .
 These are nice heavy duty nail clippers , but mine started rusting towards the back . Wait ... how can stainless steel rust ? I have n't figured that one out yet . At least there is no rust on the blades though . Also , the toenail clipper is a flat edge cut . It is not rounded like the fingernail clippers . I dont know about everyone else , but I like my toenails rounded not jagged . But otherwise , they are a really heavy duty set of clippers and very sharp also . Cuts through my nails like butter . I give it a 2 for the fact that we have a stainless steel item that is rusting .
 Maybe my toenails are just too thick , but this cutter just is not heavy duty enough to cut them ... I threw them away upon first use . My old toenail cutters were the same design but I do n't know who made them ... they worked fine ... heavier duty metal and much sharper . These are junk IMHO .
 Looking at the other reviews I must have gotten some bad ones . No doubt these are junk . I purchased two . I threw one in the trash . It would not cut anything . The pair I have kept are going in the trash too . They cut sometimes . The handle is not comfortable . I contacted the manufacturer and they showed no interest in replacing . I have some 59 cent clippers that are better than these . I would not recommend these to anyone .
 Mine came with a a tiny nick on one of the cutting edges which created a defective cut . I replaced it with aSeki Edge Stainless Steel Fingernail Clipperwhich has worked great . I now have 3 of the Seki 's which all work perfectly.Maybe I just got unlucky with the Tweezerman but the fact that my first and only purchase was defective make me question the quality control .
 Why would anyone buy this since each pack of Outlast comes with a clear top coat?I have tried several different colors of Outlast , following the directions to a T. Each time , I have had HORRIBLE results . The edges start to flake when I put the top coat on.Taking it off is PAINFUL . The directions say to use warm soap and water or baby oil . I 've tried both and baby oil works the best . However , baby oil gel is even better because you have to wait and let your lips ` soak ' . I still ended up scrubbing my lips to get all of it off.The Max Factor version is n't much better.I 'll stick with my Revlon Lipglide and Maybelline Wetshine Diamonds .
 I had high hopes for this cleanser but have been disappointed . It does n't clean the skin thoroughly . After washing my face I used my toner and noticed that there was makeup on the cotton ball - meaning the cleanser did n't even remove my makeup . And I do n't wear much makeup , just some Bare Minerals light foundation and powder . I also find the fragrance to be very unappealing . At this price I definitely do n't think it is worth it . I went back to using Cetaphil for normal to oily skin . It works much better and costs only $ 6 .
 I have oily sensitive skin with hormonal breakouts . I initially loved this cleanser because it seemed to soak into my skin and left it really moisturized . About two weeks into using it I started getting small pimples all over my cheeks and chin . I used it for another 2 weeks and decided to stop because the pimples were now getting bigger . I think for my skin it was to emolient and it might have been better for someone with dry or normal skin.Hope this helps . I use now the derma-e very clear which does n't have any chemicals or harsh ingredients . My skin is clear now and I will reorder the derma-e very clear cleanser and moisturizer . Oh and I bought the clairsonic mia brush . It is a must have tool to clean your skin . I think every woman should have one .
 The item arrived seemingly intact , but one of the fragrance bottles was completely dry -LRB- not a hint of any perfume being there -RRB- , which means that either there are quality control problems with their manufacturing and the fragrance was not even put in the bottle , or the packaging is faulty -LRB- and it does look flimsy at best -RRB- . Since Amazon does not let you return items for such reasons , you are stuck with an empty bottle.In my case at least I had three others , but you might not be so lucky .
 So I just got this package today . These fragrances are utterly awful . So awful they went immediately into the garbage .
 Rochas Man is amazing cologne
 This is a sweet smelling cologne . It reminds me of the Britney Spears `` Fantasy '' perfume . Rochas man would be comparable to cotton candy . It 's a bit OVERWHELMING at first , and the scent does change a bit , according to your pH balance . It smells different on different people after a while . I do n't think this belongs in the men 's section , and that 's because I like sweet colognes , but not THIS sweet . I mean look at it , it comes in a pink box , and looks like a girls perfume .
 It did n't work with my body chemistry and it smells way too sweet on me . It reminds of cotton candy . Smells like JOOP ! Not for me .
 When the product came it was a few days until I opened the package . When I opened the bottle , there was literally no scent . I had already thrown out the packing slip and did not bother with a return . I have used the product many times over the years , but will not order it again . I presumed it had been on the shelf far to long.Thank you
 I have used Royall Lyme for many years , and my most recent bottle left me with deep disappointment . The product is almost all water . I will need to find a new after shave .
 I ordered this item as a gift , checked the &#34; GIFT &#34; option , and included a free greeting card.When the order arrived , there was no gift card , and the receipt was included with the price shown ... So much for the gift !
 I have been a fan of this companies products for some time . However as other reviews have mentioned this is no longer a Bermuda based company but is run out of New York City . The formulas have changed and customer service degraded.I received a damaged bottle , upon contacting the company I was told I would be provided a replacement bottle by a customer service rep. by the name `` Phillip '' . After several days of non receipt of the promised replacement bottle , I contacted the company to be told by `` Philip '' he had made a mistake and now I needed to ship him a bottle at my own expense and they would consider weather to provide a replacement.This is a dollar store product masquerading in legacy luxury , move on to other products .
 I have used -LRB- and liked -RRB- Royall Lyme for decades . This time , the product I received from Amazon had a musky smell . I wrote to customer service at Royall Lyme Bermuda to ask if they had reformulated the fragrance . They replied that the fragrance should have been the same as always and asked where I got it . When I told them `` Amazon , '' they replied that they had no reliable sellers on Amazon or EBay and that knock-offs were common on the internet . I 'll never buy it through Amazon again . I was ripped off !
 This can not be the after shave everyone is talking about . After buying it I threw it away ! It 's that bad ! I returned to check tthe dates of the good reviews and they are pretty old . The formula can not be the same stay away . I can not recommend Royal Lyme period .
 Given the overwhelmingly postive reviews for this product , I was very surprised when I opened the bottle and smelled the scent . It was , well ... not very pleasant might be a nice way of saying it . When I put a bit on and had my wife and kids smell it -LRB- thinking that perhaps it was my uneducated sniffer -RRB- they confirmed that it was not a pleasant smell at all ... it was almost as if the product had gone bad , if indeed aftershave can go bad . Setting aside the aroma which to my taste was not at all appealing , the bottle was fantastic and the clever sealed paper packaging was great ! I have tried a few other bay rums -LRB- my wife is pushing me to get a scent -RRB- and all have been pretty pleasant but this particular product did not come close , unless the bottle is more important to you than the scent inside , I would probably try another brand or perhaps try the company 's sampler set which provides the buyer with more options !
 This stuff is terrible . It has a strange acrid , fusel smell to it that makes me feel sick when I wear it . I do n't know if it 's a bad batch or if they 've changed the recipe but the bottle I got is bad . A great substitute is Ogallalla Bay Rum company Lime and Peppercorn . That stuff is awesome . This stuff is not .
 I see that I 'm not the first to notice something 's amiss at Royall Lyme . At least I now know that I have n't lost my mind nor sense of smell . I 've been wearing Royall Lyme and Royall Spyce for DECADES , but when the last of my annual supply was running out , I quickly ordered one 8oz bottle each of Royall Lyme and Royall Spyce DIRECTLY FROM ROYALL LYME , so I know I was n't getting a counterfeit . The first thing I noticed when I opened it was , `` Made under license in the USA '' on the label . The second was a distinct lack of heady , fresh aroma from either bottle . It smelled more like scented rubbing alcohol . Royall Lyme was , without doubt , the finest men 's fragrance in the world . Not anymore . Who 's at the helm of the company now ? An accountant ? Whoever it is , they should be sacked , the foreign license agreements cancelled and the original formula , MADE IN BERMUDA , reinstated .
 Royall Lyme was one of the very 1st cologne/aftershave products I ever used . The deep and rounded lime scent started strong and lingered gently but distinctively . My dad introduced me to this product ; so it has many important associations . What a disappointment to find that today 's version is a poor imitation of the original . Initially the scent is only vaguely citrus and quickly fades into an unidentifiable chemical trace . Even the packaging is cheap and unimpressive to anyone who remembers the original . I feel cheated . If you , too , remember the original , save your money and your good humor
 This smells almost nothing of limes . Well , unless your idea of limes is a dubious mixture of a a child 's neon green `` lime '' sucker and a urinal cake . Foul stuff . I do n't know what happened , I used to like this stuff . Other reviewers have suggested a formula change and/or a change in the manufacturing facility . Either way , it has done no favors to this.Zero stars
 Thanks to the other reviewers who confirmed my worst fear that this once great formula has been compromised and cheapened . I have used the Royall Lyme and Royall Bhay Rum for over 20 years.It was the finest aftershave available . Recent shipments are not from Bermuda And a mere watered down shadow of there former selves . What a let down ! Please fire the imbecile who ruined this formerly great product . Bring the original quality formulas back . Until then find something else to use .
 I 've been using Royall Lyme for twenty five years or so , and have bought it from Amazon before , to my satisfaction . These two bottles looked the same as usual in the packaging , but once removed , the bottles were not a deep green , the pungent lime smell was nonexistent , and the product seems like slightly colored alcohol , nothing more . Either these are counterfeit bottles or they were misplaced in the Sahara for thirty years , before being discovered and shipped to me . A real bummer!P.S . I am Jeffrey Levenberg , my daughter is Alex , but Amazon ca n't seem to even get that straight today . Good luck with your new Kindles .
 It is with sad regret that I must post this `` I do n't like it '' review of Royall Lyme.I 've been wearing Royall Lyme , Bay Rhum , and Spyce for over 20 years but over the past few years I noticed that quality was ... lacking . When I began to notice the `` Made under license in USA '' on the labels , I could tell that something had changed ... unfortunately for the worse.What used to be an invigorating & refreshing cologne has now been reduced to the fragrance of isopropyl alcohol and lime juice . It 's time to revoke the license - it 's only damaging the reputation that Royall Lyme had worked so hard to achieve.I can only hope that the owners of Royall Lyme will cancel the US manufacturing licenses and return production back to Bermuda .
 As an Aftershave and Cologne ` Royal Lyme ' is comparable to many of our US Domestically produced products . However , it is noticeably of a lower quality than the Original Bermuda produced product . The old addage `` You Get What You Pay For '' holds true with the US Licensed Product . In the future I will pay the $ 60.00 vs $ 32.00 and get the real thing ! This also applies to the Royal Bay Rum Products which I purchased at the same time as my Royal Lyme . Both are licensed and produced in the US.The Bermuda Produce is a superior product .
 Need I say more !!! I will not buy another bottle of this even for $ 3 . Is there a way to get my money back ?
 This product has so many raving reviews that i ordered it.This may be appealing to a particular taste but it is very different from contemporarydescent aftershaves.It was returned because my female coworkers were offended by the smell of lime.So please dont use it on Date .
 I used Nicole Miller 15 years ago and she loved it . This cologne got something that woman like it and I do n't know what it is but I always got good compliments . I recently purchased another bottle very cheap ... so do n't buy it leave it on the market for me . Thank 's
 I purchased this product to thin a few of my most frequently used nail polishes out . It worked well , and I was happy with the results.HOWEVER . I just grabbed my bottle to use it again , and the bottle was empty . I do n't recall , but I believe the item is sold with a regular screwtop lid , and a screwtop dropper lid . Do NOT store this item with the dropper lid screwed on . It is not airtight . My nail polish thinner actually evaporated to the point of the bottle being completely dry and empty . I have had the thinner for under a year and I keep it in a relatively cool dark place , along with all my polishes . I am very disappointed as I used the product only once , and to be honest a little bit unsettled by the fact that it actually evaporated without a trace in such a short period of time . Very displeased .
 i ordered the wrong thing i was looking for nailtiques and this looks very similar . i was deceived and the product is just awful .
 I got these and really liked them the first few times I used them and then I noticed they became harder to use . I just realized today that every time they are opened the screw holding the two scissor halves together loosens a little bit . I tried tightening it and it still just kept loosening each time the scissors were used .
 Although this brush worked excellent after two showers ... the wooden handle actually cracked almost in half , making it unusable . I was soo disappointed ! I absolutely loved the frizz free shine and velvet feel it gave my hair , gripped hair well , too ! ... The dream brush ... or so I thought ? I would love to have another brush , but for the price ... I ca n't justify spending the cash , if the quality of the brush is inferior ... My mistake , I accidently threw away the receipt ... this company does not have a `` good '' return policy either ... Buyer Beware , Keep Your Receipt , and Read Return Policy by Seller ... :-RRB- Good Luck if you decide to purchase , like I said brush works wonders ... best I ever had ... for 2 blow drys ! Btw , I have short , super fine , thin hair ... it normally take about 4-5 minutes to blow dry with a round brush ... it should n't have broke ... I wish it had n't as well .
 I purchased Realities by Liz since this was the perfume my sweetheart used to wear during our dating , then she went for a secret , heavenly fragance . When I finally found it at amazon at an incredible price , I did not hesitate to buy it and bring back that memorable fragance . However , when I opened the bottle and presented it to my wife , we both were quite dissappointed , and I was terribly embarrased by giving something faked . We will never order perfumes through amazon . They are not reliable any more .
 I believe this is the original that was made years ago and the shelf life has caused the scent to fade so will not purchase again . Have bought several times from `` Amazon '' and noticed the scent decline each time and think it has lost its power , too bad !
 I ordered this perfume for a friend cause she found it on amazon at an incredible price , but when she opened and use it she says it 's a fake , scent is very weak and does n't last not even 30 minutes , worst of all this item is marked as not returnable , so be aware . I have read similar stories here on amazon , I will never buy a perfume again from amazon .
 The bottle was half empty it looked like it had leaked all over the boxIt was just disappointing for my wife
 IT MAY BE ME BUT IT DOSE N'T SMELL AS GOOD AS IT USE TO . . AND THE FRAGRANCE DOES NOT LAST VERY LONG ... THE SPRAYER STICKS ALL THE TIME AND TAKES TWO HANDS TO PRESS AND SPRAY ... I GUESS I WO N'T ORDER AGAIN
 I usually like burt 's bees products , but someone should have told them water and oil do n't mix ... this is an oil-based shampoo that wo n't mix in your wet hair when you 're shampooing ! It just glops out!Come on Burt ... this and banana-smelling hand lotion ?! What 's going on in Maine ?
 I 've used this product for years . I thought I notice a change in the shampoo , seemed a bit runny . Then this last conditioner was a very obvious change in the feel . No longer creamy and thick , I 'd now compare it to cheap grocery store products . I still had my old container of conditioner and sure enough the ingredients are different . This WAS the only product I had ever found that worked on my hair . Guess it 's time to go back to the drawing board and try to find in new line that will work for long thick hair that is fine and tangles easily . Goes back to the old adage , do n't fix it if it ai n't broken !!!!!! -LRB- the old formula has the last ingredient as wheat germ oil , the new one the last is amyl cinnamal -RRB-
 I 've used this product for years . I thought I notice a change in the shampoo , seemed a bit runny . Then this last conditioner was a very obvious change in the feel . No longer creamy and thick , I 'd now compare it to cheap grocery store products . I still had my old container of conditioner and sure enough the ingredients are different . This WAS the only product I had ever found that worked on my hair . Guess it 's time to go back to the drawing board and try to find in new line that will work for long thick hair that is fine and tangles easily . Goes back to the old adage , do n't fix it if it ai n't broken !!!!!! -LRB- the old formula has the last ingredient as wheat germ oil , the new one the last is amyl cinnamal -RRB-
 I 've used this product for years . I thought I notice a change in the shampoo , seemed a bit runny . Then this last conditioner was a very obvious change in the feel . No longer creamy and thick , I 'd now compare it to cheap grocery store products . I still had my old container of conditioner and sure enough the ingredients are different . This WAS the only product I had ever found that worked on my hair . Guess it 's time to go back to the drawing board and try to find in new line that will work for long thick hair that is fine and tangles easily . Goes back to the old adage , do n't fix it if it ai n't broken !!!!!! -LRB- the old formula has the last ingredient as wheat germ oil , the new one the last is amyl cinnamal -RRB-
 Yes , the products are nice and work well , but buy them in a different bundle or seperately in full size and skip this `` kit . '' The callous remover is worth about a dime . As soon as you apply any pressure it bogs the motor down . What do you expect when it runs on a C-cell battery ? The device is best left as a lint remover and kept away from your feet . The pumice stone is just your typical stone . The clear plastic box is a neat idea , it 's just too small to do anything with .
 I purchased the Dr. Scholls pedicure device to remove callouses and it was the worst investment I ever made . I only wish I could get my money back . The sander does n't remove rough skin at all . You would accomplish as much rubbing a cotton ball over your feet .
 This is the worst pedicure set I ever used . The brush was way too soft , like an infant 's first baby brush . The plastic case that holds everything was very cheap and fragile . It fell apart the second day . Also , the machine shuts down with just the slightest hint of pressure . These guys make awesome foot pads for shoes , but they need more work on their line of beauty products .
 The handheld thingy did n't seem to do much . I think the creme was decent .
 I was not impressed at ALL with the Dr. Scholl 's Foot Care Kit . The callous remover worked terribly . It took FOREVER to do a LITTLE work but not worth the effort . If you have 10 free hours in your life you MIGHT enjoy it . Did n't seem to do much for our family . Some of the footcare products were nice but available without spending on the kit .
 Do n't waste your money ... leaves your hair hard and crunchy ... yuck ! Does n't do anything to bring back bounce or curl , not worth at all . Do n't buy !
 Was not happy with this purchase really should have returned it . Product was shifted to one side upon removing the top it was not covered with a foil insert over product as far as I know someone could have used it and sent to me . Did not have an aroma of any sort . Was not pleased with this at all . I 've used this product line before because I purchase it when I was in Hawaii I do n't know what happened with this container .
 I remember smelling magazine inserts of the blue and bergundy bottle pour hommes beginning in 2002 , along with the PI cologne . I thought they were great , distinctive modern updates of older colognes -LRB- the Pour Homme advertising originally even seemed to reference a 70 's Givenchy scent , `` Gentleman '' -- the new 2002 tag was `` The Gentleman is back '' -RRB- . For several years the Pour Hommes and the PI were favorites of mines , along with many , many other poeple , so much so that random aquaintances would correctly ID them on me . Slowly the scents became so common , imitated in grocery store bodywashes , that putting on the colognes seemed boring and pointless . Out of a dozen + colognes I bought , including other very common ones like Lagerfeld Classic and the originla Polo , the Givenchy Pour Hommes -LRB- especially the blue label -RRB- and original PI are the only ones that I do n't even enjoy smelling anymore . They were excellent , too good for their own good.Now the older Givenchy Gentleman cologne seems fresher .
 When I was searching for Davidoff Cool Water to buy as a gift for my husband , I came across the product - Davidoff Cool Water Eau de Toilette Natural Spray for Men . I placed an order for the item -LRB- although it said packaging may differ -RRB- . When I received the item , it turned out to be MILD DEODORANT SPRAY as opposed to what I wanted - an EDT spray . Even now discrepancies exist when I look back at the item on my Amazon Order page - My order says I purchased - Cool Water By Davidoff For Men . Mild Deodorant Spray 2.5 Ounces but when I click on the link , it shows me a page describing the product as an Eau de Toilette Natural Spray for Men . Feel like I was cheated . So anyone buying , please make sure you check the item carefully . Just because I paid $ 17 , it did n't seem worth it to go through the trouble of returning the item . I 'd rather buy another EDT from a better seller or another site online .
 I was excited to see the 4.2 oz for price of 30 $ whereas in retail stores it was 65 $ , thought it would be a great bargain and with much expectations started using it , as other reviewers mentioned the smell fades in a hour , for those who used authentic Cool Water this stuff does not seem to have the same smell and quality as expected .
 Purchased this , along with Rescue , based on reviews . Feels good to rub in , smells nice , but did n't help me sleep .
 I figured it could n't hurt to try something new . I 've had sleep issues forever . Wasted my money on this one I 'm afraid . It smelled nice for a little while . I even put it right under my nose and the fragrance was gone in about 5 minutes . Did absolutely NOTHING to help me sleep . Woud n't reccomend this product to anyone needing sleep .
 I think my head is to thick for this stuff to work for me . Or I have a more serious problem . Ca n't say it does n't help some people , I just do n't happen to be one of them .
 I 've been having sleeping problems for a few months so I tried this product . It smells good however it does n't last , I usually put on my lips and cupid 's bow and after a few minutes the scent is gone . It did not help `` calm '' or `` peace '' my mind .
 I have been using this product , following the instructions faithfully , for approx . 3 weeks and my nails are still splitting , peeling and breaking . Absolutely no improvement - a waste of time and money .
 This product did n't do what it states once applied within two days the polish starts to peel off of and three of my nails so far has broke . This was a waste of money , I 'm going back to Nail Tek 2 .
 I like this brush because the size is large enough to hold easily , and the bristles are stiff . It pains me to complain , but for some reason these brushes grow an orange mildew in about 30-40 days . I do n't recall seeing this with other brushes I 've had . I went through a dozen of these in about one year for that reason . Do n't think I 'll buy more until they fix this problem .
 This was the biggest waste of my hard earned money ever ! this product does nothing that it claims . It DOES NOT reduce pore size or remove blackheads . Do n't know what more I can say . Just save your cash !
 I really thought this product would be the magic I 've been looking for but it was n't . I used it exactly as instructed and it burned my skin and left my nose bright red for hours -LRB- and I am a medium skinned Hispanic -RRB- . It also left my nose super shiny and the blackheads were still there . I have never been senstive to any skin prodcut before.I do not recommend this product . I am back to using pore strips and baby diaper rash cream -LRB- it works ! -RRB- to get rid of blackheads .
 Disappointed in this product . A very Small amt . in a flexible hard to extract and control amount tube . I love Davidoff Cool Water Fragrance , but this proved a mistake to purchase this form of the product .
 The color was good , but I had trouble putting this on my hair . Get help if you want it to look good . It was not worth the trouble because it washes out right away . Something like mascara with a brush would have been easier to use .
 I have been using Henckels nail clipper over 30 years and I had a few of them . This is the worse design ever . I bought it and threw it away . It can not cut because the clipper keeps closing .
 When I ordered these I thought they were the same brand that I usually get but they are not ! They do n't cut well and the mechanism that makes them ultra-thin makes them difficult to use . Do n't waste your money . I recommend the Dovo Flat Nail Clipper .
 I have a zwilling collection at home , kitchen knives , utensils etc. and love every piece . So i was shocked to discover how bad this clipper actually was . Both my wife and I tried to cut our nails with it , and it was not powerful enough to cut . I have returned the clipper and am trading it for the cheaper model with the plastic collection tray . DO NOT BUY THIS . It is truly a case of form over function .
 This product is way too dilute . Not sure if I got majorly scammed or the product is a bust . I could pour the whole bottle on me and the scent would be gone in less than 30 minutes . Wo n't buy a parfum on the internet again . Beware .
 The product would not spray ! Did n't want to make a big deal out of this but since you asked me ...
 I love this soap . From the past 10 years I am using this brand.Couple of weeks before , I bought 12 soaps . The soaps were delivered on time but all soaps are expired from the date of Manufacture . Just they put another yellow sticker on the top of the MFD . Its really unworthy to by this item
 I got my product really quick BUT half the product had spilled . Received less than half bottle . They should do a better job in securing the product so this does n't continue to happen . However i am getting a refund so i guess that 's great .
 The problem with this product is it is hard to get enough on your face at one time . It does n't roll on very easily . By the time I get enough on my entire face , it is time to take it off part of my face . The glycolic pads work much better .
 After that initial treatment , the sting lessens -LRB- And I LIKE that feeling because then I know my skin is reacting ! -RRB- and it just makes your skin feel like it does after a brisk workout ... just a little tingly . Has n't helped discoloration .
 I did n't care for the orange nose this EdC has . Too strong IMO . I used it a few times and determined it has way too much orange up front for me to use . I offered it up for trade on a shaving forum and recieved a bottle of L'Occitane Vetyver -LRB- EdT -RRB- and a partial tub of Proraso shave soap -LRB- old formula -RRB- in exchange . The trader was quite happy with Speick EdC , so some users may very well enjoy this new version of Speick EdC , but for me , it has way too much orange in the opening
 My wife tells me its not the same fragrance , and it does smell slightly different . Then noticed the bottle had different shading of color from the previous bottles , all of which were bought in France on trips there , or brought back by friends/relatives who had visited . Recently recieved a bottle from France from a friend and it is like the previous bottles , not like this one . A ripoff !
 `` premium price due to scarcity '' ????? This color is still in production by MAC , has not been discontinued and can easily be bought from MAC , the MACcosmetics internet site or dept. stores with a MAC counter for the regular $ 14 price .
 I 've already purchased and worn this lipstick and it is very , very dry ! The color is attractive and it did stay on my lips , but it sucked the life out of my lips as well . I guess that 's the problem with most matte lipsticks ; they are oh , so dry ! Actually I had to mix another regular lipstick color with this Ruby Woo just to have a drop of moisture on my lips during the day . Also when I smiled , it seemed like I could feel this thick dry lipstick crack on my lips . At days end , it was very difficult to wash off . In all , this lipstick was just too overbearing . Lipstick should n't constantly remind the person wearing it that they 're actually wearing it . I want to forget that I 'm wearing it , except when a passerby says `` I love your lipstick '' . GIGOLO For Lips
 la fragancia no huele bien me parece que esta como vencidad . no huele como yo esperaba . not if you miss fragrances but I do not like smelling like this
 i have super thin hair due to unknown reasons , so I decided to try this product after my aunt used the regular shampoo & conditioner -LRB- and she has curly thick hair , i have curly thin hair -RRB- . I 've been using for more than 6 months , and i ca n't say that it has done anything to thicken my hair or even make it seem thicker . it smells good , washes good , and lasts a long time , but if your looking for thickening , do n't waste your time . ON THE THE NEXT ONE !
 THE AD SAYS TSAR EDT SPRAY COLOGNE.IF YOU READ FURTHER IN THE DISCRIPTION IT STATES IT IS EAU DE COLOGNE -LRB- EDC -RRB- NOT EDT.THIS IS WHAT I WANTED THE $ 102.00 EDC TSAR COLOGNE.SO I MADE THE PURCHASE . THE EDC COLOGNE IS A MUCH HIGHER IN COST . WHEN IT ARRIVED IT WAS NOT NOT THE COLOGNE I EXPECTED.FOR $ 102.00 YOU RIPPED ME OFF FOR A BOTTLE TSAR EDT 3.3 SPRAY EAU DU TOLLIET SPRAY WHICH SELLS NATIONWIDE BETWEEN THE AMOUNT OF $ 20 - $ 45.00 DEPENDING WHO YOU PURCHASE IT FROM ... THE TSAR -LRB- EDC -RRB- WHICH STANDS FOR EAU DU COLOGNE IS WHAT I EXPECTED AND DID NOT RECEIVE THE RIGHT COLOGNE AS WORDED .
 It was a good deal for the money . However , I used this natural concoction thinking it would be better than the chemicals with hydroquinone ; unfortunately , I did n't see any difference after 3 months . I will not buy it again .
 My item was purchased on August 22 , 2012 and had to arrive between Friday , September 7 , 2012 - Monday , September 24 , 2012 . Today , September 26 it 's still not here and seems impossible to track the package .
 This cologne originally was made in FRANCE , if you liked it , that 's when it was , WHAT is was !!! todays gray flannel scent is made in USA , the fragrance seems the same but changes have been made to its body , this is due to USA restriction of ingredients it contained , which changed the chemistry and resulted in a far less superior scent .
 I LOVE Grey Flannel by Geoffrey Beene ... I know this scent well . This is NO Grey Flannel that I 've received . It smells more like Hi Karate . The kicker is that it is not returnable , being a hazardous material and all . I 'm SO disappointed !!!
 You should be ashamed selling this crapola.I will never buy from this vendor again . I have purchasedplenty of fragrances from Amazon and ebay . This producthas been tampered with , I can literally see that thebottle was opened because there are little pry marks on the bottom.The scent literally wears off by the time you get out the door.Amazon should give you the boot !
 I had a small amount of cologne left in a bottle of Emporio Armani which I purchased at Macy 's a while back . I compared the smell of the Macy 's bottle and the one I received from Amazon . The bottle from Amazon is not nearly as strong as the bottle purchased at Macy 's . I 'm wondering if I received a counterfeited bottle . Wo n't be purchasing this bottle again from Amazon .
 I 've bought this cologne before and really liked it , but the most recent sample I bought from the Perfume Emporium smelled like some cheap no name brand . I do n't no if my sample was an old bottle that was past it 's shelf life or it was watered down , it may have been in the right container but it was n't the same cologne .
 I would say this is a safe smell , enjoyable , clean and not overwhelming . I found it generic , many other fragances smell alike . In my opinion projection is low , as well as duration . I get 4-5 hours on my skin . Good for work I would say , unoffensive.The bottle is poorly made , the sprayer started failing and the liquid started to leak . I had to change the bottle in less than a week . Since the bottle has this strange design it 's not possible to know where the failure is .
 I have been looking all over for this product . I was a little disappointed on paying so much for so little .
 I read a lot of negative reviews about the purchase of high end , expensive perfumes at Amazon Website ; however , since this one was being sold by amazon.com itself , I decided to take a risk . I am extremely disappointed with this purchase . The fragrance is so subtle that even a person standing one foot away can not appreciate it ------------ and that is immediately after putting it on ! Complete waste of money .
 This is my favorite perfume , however I never received it in the mail . I wish I did .
 I was so excited to get this since I have always had very hard water and was looking for a solution to my dull hair . Well the first time I used it , it made my scalp burn and dried out my skin terribly . Now keep in mind , I have very sensitive skin so it might be fine for most , just not me . It gives me dandruff from drying up my scalp :-LRB- However it does have a wonderful grapefruit smell .
 I am sending this back , it does not smell like the perfume that I currently have had in the past . Very disapointed .
 Who would buy a used cosmetic ? Not me , gross.Had to ship it back , waste of time ... I do not recomend this company .
 I was very excited to try out this makeup remover , but I was extremely displeased . When the Lancome BI-FACIL Double-Action Eye Makeup Remover arrived at my house , there were two huge dents at the bottom of the bottle , and multiple scratches all over it . The bottle also looks like it has been opened.I am going to returne this product , and I have decided not to buy any more makeup products online , because I have always had to return them .
 I 've used this eye makeup remover for years and usually buy at Nordstrom . This was my first time buying it at Amazon . It had a layer of puffy white stuff in between the layers of product when it has n't been shaken yet . And even after shaking the bottle , the white stuff would be there again . Also , the bottle shape and type -LRB- in French -RRB- did not look like the regular bottle I buy . I would n't take a chance on this product again , especially since it 's used on the eyes.May 2010 : I tried this again and this time the product is perfect . Maybe I got a real lemon the first time . Good thing is when I returned it originally , Amazon credited me with no problem . I love this eye makeup remover and I 've tried quite a few including the drugstore brands like Neutrogena . I use this when I put on more makeup for a night out and need it to take off the eyeliner & mascara and I use the Neutrogena pad wipes on days where I only use a little coverup and light mascara . It off sets the high price of this Lancome product .
 Since this perfume was popular in the early 90 's and it 's no longer available in stores , apparently the person who sold me this product , sold me an old bottle ! Perfume looked orange in color and did not have a good scent ! Very disappointed when I recieved it ! Will not order again !!
 It had little bitty lumps in it like it had spoiled . Will never order discontuned products from clinque again . I had a brad new bottle that i brought from the store to use first so it was several months before I knew it was sour . I ordered two , Expensive .
 I purchased this item from Amazon when the department store was out of same . I had used this product for many years and loved same . However , this product is no longer being made by Clinique and was clumpy and lumpy and obviously old and stale , and out-of-date . It should no longer be available on Amazon . I should have returned same as it was not useable .
 This has been my makeup for 20 years and has been discontinued . The product received had small lumps throughout and an odd smell . I 'm unable to use this makeup .
 I have used this product for years , but the last few times I have purchased it , I wind up throwing 90 % of it away . The can stops spraying -LRB- nothing seems to `` unclog '' it -RRB- and they are still almost full .
 My bride says it works really well . However , I ca n't stand to get anywhere near her hair because of the powerful , horrible smell . Want romance ? Then wash it out so you do n't gag your partner .
 I ordered this product for my wife . She told me it did n't work , would not hold ... Also I ordered two bottles , got charged for that , but only recieved one bottle !!
 I agree totally with the writer that said she has to throw 90 % of it away because it stops spraying . It gets all clogged up and no matter how much i wash the hole where the spray comes out , it still continues to stay clogged and sticky . Then what little spray does come out , it spews in all directions and not where i want it !! Very disappointed .
 Interestingly enough , even though I had high hopes for this product , I was n't overly impressed with it . I found the hold a bit too intense and the smell gave me a headache ... In fairness I should note that I do have problems with strong scents , so others may not find the smell offensive .
 for something of this price range , the smell lasts . But the smell is not I am crazy about . Wont buy it again ...
 I recently purchased Lapidus Pour Homme and was thoroughly disappointed . The formulation must have changed in the years since I last bought it . The fragrance is not as rich and it fades very quickly . My disclaimer is that maybe my sense of smell might have changed , but I do n't think it would have changed that dramatically . It might be a knock off , though I would n't have any idea how , the time , or desire to pursue that . I feel it is one of the hazards of remote commerce . The service and delivery were excellent .
 I sent this parfum to my sister-in-law who has used Estee Lauder 's Beautiful before . She stated that this parfum was unsatisfactory , because neither she nor anyone at her Rehab Center could smell the fragrance . Even a heavy spray on various areas was barely detectable . She wondered if the parfum had been watered down .
 This is n't so much a review of the product as it is a warning to all you guys buying for your sweetheart.I purchased this being fairly sure that her perfume was `` Beautiful '' , and also fairly confident in Amazon 's return policy if I was wrong . My bad , she wears `` Miracle '' and Amazon wo n't take this back.So I 'm not so happy getting another one of those $ 77 lessons ... to double check before ordering -LRB- even if it means letting her know what you are buying -RRB- ! And if anyone needs a bottle of Beautiful , I have one I 'll let it go cheap .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas and she was disappointed with the smell . Although it smells like &#34; Beautiful &#34; the oder seems not as strong as the bottle she bought at Macy 's . Kind of like it 's been watered down if that 's possible.Very disappointedd and will be paying full price at larger department stores from now on . I guess you get what you pay for .
 The item does not come in a box as pictured and the size is far less than the .6 oz advertised .
 Just a whiff of this perfume and my head starts thumping , It really smells just awful , please stop making it.I do n't like it on me , I do n't like it on my friends , I really and truly can not stand it .
 I received a sample for this in store . A dab on my wrist was okay . But then , I sprayed this perfume on my wrist and neck . It was vomit inducing . I had a migraine for the whole day . I would never buy a full size of this product .
 I helped my supervisor with an online order for this product at the Lauder website . When I placed the order the first time , I failed to enter a `` password , '' and when the page refreshed , it defaulted to standard shipping , which I did n't catch until after the transaction was complete . I called and was told that the shipping could not be changed but that the order would be cancelled and I could place a new order with the correct shipping . The order was not cancelled , and we received two shipments . I have now made FOUR calls to request a postage-paid return label . The first three times , they promised to e-mail the label . I have supplied 3 different e-mail addresses and received nothing . So I asked them to either fax it -LRB- they would not -RRB- or snail-mail it , which they said will take up to two weeks to receive . Meantime , my supervisor has a charge on his card for a package that is sitting on my desk unopened -- plus $ 12.00 for the original shipment that was supposed to be cancelled . Lauder 's customer service failed 1 -RRB- to permit changing the shipping method , 2 -RRB- to cancel the original order , 3 -RRB- to send a shipping label in a timely fashion . Crappy , crappy customer service . I 'm very glad that I use Lancome products !
 This is the substance which my neighbor wore into the basement while doing her laundry . This perfume wafted up through my A/C system on a 95-degree day and hit me with the force of chemical Mace . To me , this perfume smells exactly the same as Cutter mosquito-repellant , only ... a lot , LOT stronger . I got a whiff of `` Beautiful '' and fell to the floor INSTANTLY with convulsive dysentery , vomiting and blindess . EMT and police -LRB- about 20-30 minutes later when I could reach a telephone , -RRB- had to get the building super to open my door so they could scrape me up and haul me off to the hospital . The MIGRAINE this perfume can cause is indescribable . Toxicity of perfumes is a matter of degree
 I was not happy at all , have used this for years it was not the same.The box was not sealed , so I feel that it was tampered with the smell was awfull , just glad to get a refund . Thank You
 Product was described as new but unboxed , and was scheduled to arrive no later than Dec 21st . I was never contacted to let me know that shipping was delayed ; it finally arrived Dec 27th . The perfume had no cap and there was a sticker on it which read `` Demonstration only . Not For Resale . '' When I called the company to find out what was going on , they told me that I should have known `` unboxed '' meant `` tester '' . They even sent me an email copy of their ad -- which states `` Testers and unboxed products are exactly the same as the regular perfume , except testers usually come in a plain box -- with or without a cap . Unboxed products are the perfume or bath product , only without the box '' . Tuccini gave me an RMA # and told me they would accept the return but that I would be responsible for shipping costs both ways , plus a hefty `` handling/restocking '' fee . After weeks of calls and emails with Amazon -LRB- we filed an A-to-Z Guarantee Claim -RRB- and Tuccini , I finally received back the entire amount of the purchase , plus extra credit from Amazon . Although I ultimately was taken care of , this was an absolutely awful experience , and I am dismayed to see that the Tuccini ad looks exactly the same -LRB- which I believe is misleading -RRB- . I further question whether Amazon should have such a business as one of its merchants ; is it even legal to resell testers ?
 I received this product and it is not Beautiful by Estee Lauder , it has to be a knock-off . I could tell as soon as I opened it and compared the bottle with my original bottle I already had at home , the color was off even the feel of the bottle was different . And when I flipped if over it was not numbered like all my previour bottles have been . I have been wearing this perfume for 22 years and this is the first time I have been ripped off . I ended up going directly to Estee Lauder to buy another bottle because I can not wear what I got from this seller . This is what Estee Lauder told me when I told them what happened to me . Do not buy from here , you wo n't get what you pay for.Hello : We would like to take this opportunity to thank you for completing the esteelauder.com BizRate Survey . We appreciate the time you have taken to share your comments with us . Thank you for providing us with valuable feedback.We are so pleased to hear how much you love using Estee Lauder products.We are happy to know that we could provide an easy and convenient shopping experience at esteelauder.com so that you can shop right at home and find all of your favorite Estee Lauder products.We appreciate the opportunity to explain that we are an authorized online distributor for Estee Lauder products and can assure our online customers that they are purchasing authentic , high quality products directly from a brand they know and trust.You should know that there are sites selling our products that are not authorized retailers of our products . This means that they do not obtain the Estee Lauder products they sell through us , which does not allow us to exercise quality control over products they sell . We can not guarantee the freshness or authenticity of the Estee Lauder products they sell . If you have any questions , please feel free to email us and we will be happy to address any of your concerns.We hope that you will continue to use and enjoy Estee Lauder products and online services . Do n't forget that our site is updated every month with new features , new products and more . We truly appreciate your business and look forward to your next visit.Thank you , Theaesteelauder.comCustomer Service
 I bought this at Whole Foods hoping it would work . It does n't . I ca n't even imagine how they can claim that it thickens anything . I have really fine hair and all it does is make my hair look greasy . I use a seriously tiny amount ... barely visible on my fingers . It neither makes my hair look thicker nor holds any kind of shape at all . I guess I 'm still on the lookout for a good natural thickener . It bums me out to throw it away but I guess I 'm going to .
 I used this and my skin looked worse afterward . I thought it was just a short episode of the `` uglies '' , but my skin only worsened with continued use . I think that the alpha lipoic acid activates skin remodeling , but in some people , the skin does n't build more collagen . Please beware !
 This product stung my skin after each application causing my skin to turn bright pink . Additionally , my skin would itch off and on for a couple of hours after an application of this product on the area it was applied . Needless to say , I 've quit using this product and will never use it again.The fragrance in this product is really strong . I was actually surprised by the smell of this product as most products made for sensitive skin are devoid of any sort of fragrance as a way to reduce skin irritation .
 Seems like other reviewers were mostly positive , but after using this product for about a week , my skin started getting dry and crusty . It may be that if I stick with it , this phase will pass , but right now I 'm not happy . I 've quite using it for now because I have some photographs next week and I do n't want to look dryer than usual . I started with dry skin , and now my wrinkles look deeper . The smell , however , I found to be quite pleasant and fruity !
 this stuff burns my eyes ! I have used it for a few weeks and I was so happy with how my skin looks I did n't realize that this is why my eyes were burning every morning . I am careful not to get it in my eyes , but when I wake up it almost feels like pink-eye -LRB- but it 's not -RRB- . I 'm fine once I put my contacts in , and I 'm fine when I do n't use the lotion , but if I try to go back to it , my eyes burn . The smell is strong but not too bad , and my skin is smoother -LRB- not tight , but fresh feeling -RRB- , but I ca n't imagine this is good for my eyes so I 'll need to stop .
 Ifind this to be effective when first applied , it is temporary.I find the Dr. Oz show tried to make you believe it would do a lot more than it does.Maybe if you started to use it at a young age -LRB- 35 -RRB- or so it might help . It 's a temporary fix.I 'm disappointed .
 I used the cream on face & neck for about a week when my face got bumps all over it . I stopped using on my face & just use it on my neck & hands . So far my neck & hands are breakout free . I 'll try to update in a month or so to see what happens . I guess you could say this stuff makes you look young like a teenager ... . w / acne . Bummer . : -LRB-
 I used this Thursday night with no efffects . . Used Friday night . . woke up Sat morning with a rash on my forehead , temples and neck . . Hopefully it wo n't spread to the rest of my face or my chest ... I have NEVER had a reaction like this to any kind of skin care cream . . I have never had any kind of a reaction before . . It smelled good and I loved the way it felt when I put it on ... but it 's going in the trash !!
 I am 50-years old with a `` normal '' skin type . Finding Lipoic acid , DMAE , C-Ester and CoQ10 in one affordable face product seemed like a dream come true and I eagerly awaited receipt of this product.I was quite surprised upon opening the jar to see what looked like a rather heavy product ... like a paste or peanut butter . But you never know until you try it , right ? So I went ahead and used it.The scent seemed to me like a tanning lotion ... not `` coconut '' but like many tanning lotion scents I 'm familiar with from my tanning bed days . Fortunately the scent either fades quickly or I just got used to it fast because I could n't notice it about half hour later.Well - I went on about my business for a few hours or so and when I returned to the bathroom I looked in the mirror and noticed my pores look very large ! 4-5 hours later I noticed I was beginning to break out.Based on my own experience with this one use , I would NOT recommend this product .
 I wanted to love this cream ! The smell is way to strong and I do n't remember the last time I used a face cream that I could actually taste also , Ew ! Ive been using it awhile -LRB- over a month -RRB- and I do n't see any huge improvements . I do n't want to waste it and throw it out but I really do n't want to put this on my skin anymore . It 's a little burny too and sometimes makes my eyes water and I can smell and feel my tears taking this stuff off my face . This cream has pushed me to the end of the line with store bought products and I 'm finally just going to have to break down and make my own from scratch with natural oils , beeswax , etc.UPDATE
 Got this product , looking for a cheaper alternative to Perricone 's version . After about 3 days of using it , my face is raw , red and swollen.Feels like a bad sunburn . My neck has a rash and was itching like crazy.Too bad , cause I did like the consistancy and smell of the product.But , taking it back to where I got it . I advise trying to find it locally and sampling it first to see if your skin likes it . Currently , my skinis very pissed off and taking it all out on me !
 Even if this product worked I just could n't get past the smell long enough to know for sure . I 'm going to try it on my hands next just to see if it works but I sure ca n't recommend this product if you want to use it anywhere near your nose .
 My husband ca n't abide the smell so after 3 nights I 've stopped using it . ` Fresh kiwi scent ' is definitely an inappropriate descriptor because if kiwis smelled like this most people would n't eat them .
 The chemical odor of this stuff is very strong . From the first night I used this cream , I was taken aback at just how overpowering the smell was . It smelled like something I should n't be putting on my body skin , let alone on my face . It felt sort of tingly , but it did n't burn or turn my skin red , and I figured I paid a lot for it , so I used it anyway . After a couple weeks , it seemed to smell kind of like pina colada , which I grew to like after adapting to the strength of it . But after 2 months of use , it smells like the fragrance added to it has long surpassed its expiration date , and it has officially become a boyfriend repellant.Although my eye cream ca n't penetrate this product -LRB- I mistakenly put my eye cream on after the face cream one night -RRB- , and that probably shows that the face cream helps your skin retain moisture -LRB- moisturizer ca n't get in , so maybe moisture ca n't get out , either -RRB- , I still have n't seen any significant results that are any better than what most any drug store cream I 've tried can provide . Wo n't be ordering this again !
 If you naturally have light hair stay away from this one unless you want it to end up an other-worldly fuscia pink ! Also this product has the amazing ability to stain porcelain sinks !
 I applied this over a week ago , and I still have pink dye coming out of my hair , on towels , pillow cases , clothes ... . I have never had this happen for longer than a day or two with any hair dye.I love the bright color , but it is already starting to fade -LRB- after only 8 days -RRB- . I do use a sulfate-free shampoo , so I 'm not exactly sure how other people are able to keep this color fade-free , but mine 's not only fading , but rubbing all over the place.It also turned out really uneven . I have n't dyed my hair in years , so that is probably my fault.Unfortunately , the red I used to use has been discontinued ; although I love the results that this color had right away , the quick fade and pink dye that is now rubbed all over my house is NOT worth it !!!!
 I do n't know what I was thinking , ordering hair color off the internet . I could 've gone to CVS or Walgreens and paid MUCH less . The color came out beautifully but I 'm not happy with the price I paid .
 I have naturally dark brown hair but had my hair highlighted blonde on the top . When I decided to cover it I went w / this color/brand because L'oreal is known to have generally good products and the color on the box was similar to my natural color . Unfortunately within days of dying my hair the color drastically faded . : / I colored it again and it looked nice for a couple days then started to fade . I use salon shampoo and conditioner for color treated hair AND my hair has never faded like this . Also this color is said to be a neutral . It is not . I have lots of brassy undertones pulling through and even at my roots -LRB- which were dark brown -RRB- the color showed up w / lots of red . I suggest purchasing a different product .
 I had my blonde hair colored light brown with reddish highlights about 5 months ago , my hair needed freshening so I got the feria medium golden brown with multi-facited hightlights . Hellllllllp . My hair is now a deep dark mahogony . I do n't know what to do to get this color lightened up , Hair looks the same shade as my china cabinet and with no highlights much less multifaceted or shimmering . And yes I followed the directions to the tee .
 ok the first box i got i was so excited , i used it , it colored nothing , waste of time and money.amazon sent me a second box i had to pay for , i couldnt return it , thanx amazon !
 I used this kit over Bright red hair and it turned my hair into literally the ugliest brown I could possibly imagine . I would never recommend this kit or this brand to anyone . Results were truly so horrible I had to re-dye my hair a darker color . Thanks a bunch l'oreal ...
 0 star . Take it off market . Wish they would pay for me to get my hair fixed . Turned orange / strawberry blonde .
 I dyed my hair and it says `` Rich Copper '' but it turned bright orange ... I looked like carrot top . Do NOT buy this product ... you 'll regret it .
 I ordered the copper shimmer hair color Feria , but never received it . The item received was some type of conditioner for brunettes . It also did not have a packing slip for me to send it back and get a refund . I will never order my hair color from this company again .
 I recieved this and put it in my hair , the color turned out really odd , and the conditioner that came with this was gritty and did n't really condition . It looked so odd I had to go to a stylist to get the color evened out . I have used bottle color before and have never had this happen .
 I read the reviews on this item and purchased some L'Oreal Feria Medium Brown on 12-16-12 . I followed all of the directions exactly . The color looked good , then by the 5th day , it was faded almost as though I had never put the color on my hair . I could not believe it faded that quickly . Wo n't buy it again .
 Just tried this hair color ... big mistake ! My hair color is dark ash blonde naturally . I wanted to go a little lighter , while keeping it in the `` cooler '' tones . I selected this mix because it explicitly said - `` Cooler '' - that it was supposed to minimized red , orange and gold tones . What a lie ! My hair turned out bright yellow-orange . Completely unnatural and completely unsightly . I had to go to the salon the next day to get it corrected , and the stylist said that Feria products are particularly difficult to correct because there are metals in the products -LRB- which are also horrible for your health -RRB- . She recommended using a different brand if I ever wanted to do it myself again . I have to agree with her .
 I purchased Loreal Fiera R68 Ruby Rush in the past . I never had a tube of `` colour booster '' included before . -LRB- Loreal customer service insists it has always been in this color ! -RRB- It was bright magenta in the bottle and my hair is now also bright magenta ! Double the surprises - before I could fix it - I walked into a surprise birthday party - for ME !!! The guests were as shocked as I was!Customer service tried to point out all the things I may have done wrong , and then told me to use a light brown color over it . Great ... I 'll just leave it to the professionals from now on.LOreal Feria Power Reds Hair Color - #R 68 Ruby Rush -LRB- Rich Auburn True Red -RRB- - 1 EA
 So frustrated . I chose this color and brand based on the reviews and the picture on the box , but my experience was very different . The color did n't take on most of my hair , except the back half of the top ! -LRB- Which makes no sense at all . I have n't dyed or highlighted my hair in about 2 years . -RRB- So the back half of the top of my head is reddish , and the rest of my hair remains a slightly lighter shade of brown than it usually is . It 's not at all flattering , looks very fake due to the unnaturally reddish section on top , and did n't make my hair shiny or soft . Now I get to go to a professional to try to fix this , and damage my hair some more .
 I ordered 3 identical items . When they arrived I thought the boxes looked rough but the tape at the top of the box appeared still intact . The first box was used immediately and was exactly what I expected . About 6 weeks later I opened the 2nd box for use and realized it was missing necessary parts and was useless . Checking the last box it was evident that it had been opened and re-packaged with parts missing-also useless . So , in effect , I got 1/3 of my order . I have since learned that the product is no longer produced . My complaint is
 I 'm devastated to find that the signature scent of this product been changed to something not even note worthy and I 'm more than a little perturbed that I was sold a tiny little tub -LRB- original tubs were big -RRB- with the reassurance from the sales clerk that the original scent was being sold now only in the tiny tubs , only to get home and find that original scent has been changed as well :-LRB- -LRB- Goodbye to my favorite hair product line . I miss you already .
 Hi , I bought this from QVC and I could n't believe how awful smelling it was ... kind of like burnt coffee and smoke covered with a perfume - aack ! It made my hair feel soft , but the smell was just too overpowering ! I can get the same results using pure melted shea butter instead . Maybe some people will be able to get used to the smell , but I 'm not one of them .
 I have VERY dry frizzy hair.This treatment left my hair softer , now my hair is a big soft frizz ball , it added too much body.I like this better for use as a grooming gloss .
 I read the label , and it is not a rare , tropical oil at all , but plain old American palm oil ! False advertising really bothers me . It did condition my hair well , but I agree that the fragrances -LRB- which are added to it , by the way -RRB- make the odor very strong and unpleasant . The price is also very high . I will not order this again .
 I bought this because of all the advertised hype and because I have extremely straight coarse asian hair that always seems to be dry on the ends . I was brought up on Guam and am a Filipino so the tropical smell did not bother me but be forwarned for those of you not used to this smell it IS strong and does take some getting used to . It did make my hair shiny but I do n't feel that it conditioned it all that well . Gave me more of a greasy feeling . It really was no different for me than putting some coconut oil in my hair which I used to do all the time growing up . If I knew that this was just like that I would have not paid the outragous price that they were asking for . It also kind of worries me about where the product is coming from . I just hope and pray that the Ojon tribe is not so affected by the commercialization of this product . I ca n't imagine that they are not . The more popular this product gets the more product they will have to produce , . . and I maybe wrong but what would a indian tribe that lives off the land do with a portion of the profits made from selling this ? I just would have to say it is an okay product but not worth the money . Try Lush retread conditioner . It works WONDERS . It smells bad but well worth it . You 'll have silky locks after first wash .
 I bought this through QVC , with the shipping and tax and all , came out to over $ 50.00 and not worth half of that amount . True -- it does make the hair soft ... but that 's all -- I did not like it -- I found that it made my hair unmanageable rather than manageable . AND it is very , very , did I say very greasy and very messy to use . Also even worse it is very hard to wash out because it is an oil not a cream . I had to wash my hair over and over to get this garbage out . Yes it is garbage and I returned it to QVC Do not buy this . Want a good conditioner -- I recommend anything by John Frieda
 I tried this product for the first time because a friend had recommended it , along with the shampoo and conditioner.It stated to not use 5 days before or after you color your hair ... so I waited two weeks.I have fine , wavy , color-treated hair . . but lots of it , so I thought this would be a good conditioning treatment.I enjoyed the ease of application , but the smell is HORRIBLE , as some other reviewers have said . Similar to burnt coffee . And the smell lingers even after washing it out.I used the treatment for about 25 minutes , then washed it out . Even before beginning to blow-dry , my hair was SUPER greasy and literally stayed in a bun by itself . = / Blowdrying it did n't help . I had to wash my hair THREE more times to get the stuff out.In the process , it removed some of the color from my hair , even though I waited well past the recommended amount of time.Now my hair feels even MORE dry than before the treatment.As I have a pretty average hair type , if it does n't work for me , I 'm sure it may cause problems for quite a few people.Would not recommend , or use again .
 I bought this product because my stylist -LRB- Ulta Salons -RRB- recommended it . Then i decided to come read the online reviews to see how good of a product it was . Nevertheless i have to say that i didnt see any differnce in my hair when using this product if anything i was experiencing more breakage . I have permed african american hair . I am not impressed at all . However , thanks to the other reviwer that broke out the ingrdients , i have started making my own conditoner and hair oil and that had been working GREAT !!!! Regarding the smell i do not mind it at all .
 I bought this product after seeing it on QVC and reading all the wonderful things about it online . My hair was healthy prior to using it , with no major damage . However , I decided to try it for added strenght and shine . I used it as a preconditoner , because I could n't take the smell any other way . The first time I used the product , my hair looked absolutely beautiful , shiny , wonderful . The second time I used it , my hair started breaking terribly and I immediately knew it was this treatment because that was the only thing I was doing differently.I really hate I saw this product and decided to waste my money . God Bless all of you who like this product , but my hair is much worse than it was before and I really want my money back . If anybody wants it , I am willing to send it to you free of charge -LRB- just pay shipping and handling -RRB- . This product was soooo expensive , I ca n't bring myself to throw it out , but it definitely will not go on my hair again !
 I bought this stuff from the Shopping Channel , and thought it was n't bad , until I went to get my hair colored.The color did n't take!My hair is shoulder length , and I only used the Ojon on the bottom 5 or 6 inches , because that 's the part that was dry.The color only took on the ` new growth ' , not on the rest of my hair - the hair that I had put the Ojon on!The smell of the oil , the shampoo , or the conditioner did n't bother me , but the HAIR SPRAY was disgusting . People remarked that I had overdosed on perfume , so I had to wash it again to get the rotten smell out of my hair.I definitely would n't recommend this to anyone who colors their hair .
 I would rate the conditioner average to below average for fine curly hair . Returned it because of the smell . Rancid chocolate may be okay with some , but not me .
 Anyone 's hair turning out AS DRY AS THE DESERT about 2 - 3 days after using this ? I have medium course fine density hair . when i put this on at first it 's good but 2 - 3 days later , my hair ends up being dry and brittle , as i have never seen it before in my whole life , breaking off like crispy crackers and i end up needing to do an emergency deep conditioning treatment with real products like avlon fiberguard positive links and 5 in 1 which is unbelievably good for our hair and absolutely made for black hair care ! sometimes i put the ojon on my hands -LRB- at first i hated the smell but i do n't know what happened cuz now i wish they made a perfume of it -RRB- and rub it in and the same thing happens to my hands , 2 days later my cuticles are all peeling and the skin on my hands is dry and crackling . i 'm seriously not exaggerating and i 've tried every combo -LRB- leave it on , wash it off , pile it on , use a tiny bit -RRB- but nothing absolutely nothing works for me . -RRB- it 's so weird but i really do n't think that this product is good on black people 's hair . our hair needs extreme moisture and ojon products ROB my hair of every ounce of moisture about 2 days after treatment . i 'd be interested to hear if this is happening to anyone else -- if the initial honeymoon of this product has warn of anyone and they see something like this happening to them . believe me when i say , i 'm really quite sad that it 's not working for me because i had no buyers remorse regarding price whatsoever . i do n't know if i just got a bad batch , a tub of the `` old '' formula -LRB- mine does not have the little beads in it like the sample i was given had -RRB- or what but it is just complete trash , just sitting there $ 45 dollars worthless tub of yummy smelling nothing . p.s. , i have a very loud intuition and no offense , but i do n't believe that hyped out story about him working with and helping the tribe and sustainably taking the palm oil etc etc. not for one second . it 's just not possible to sell on QVC and be small potatoes like that . I 've read some seriously conflicting reports about sustainability issues . my intuition says this guy is just a marketing guy , i mean does he even have a cosmo license ??? his wife is gorgeous and has a lovely personality .
 My sister gave me the shampoo , conditioner , lotion , and the giant brown chocolatey ball for my birthday.This product works great.However , be cautious of how you keep it . After a month of having it , I found maggots all over the ball of soap and now i 'm afraid to use any of this product anymore.It 's too expensive a risk . Fortunately , we received a refund . However , soap that can support maggots is kind of frightening .
 I admit , I got sucked in watching QVC and with the idea of getting something special from the rain forest , but honestly , if you read the ingredients there is nothing special about this product . I now use a 2 dollar essential oil mix -LRB- peanut , castor , olive , almond , wheat germ , and sesame seed oils , as well as vitamin E -RRB- as a pre shampoo treatment and it works better than this . -LRB- Can be found at Sally 's , walgreens , and even walmart -RRB- If Ojon works for you that 's great , but this product really is an overpriced hot oil treatment .
 I was very excitied to try this . But unfortunatly I was let down . It did not do what it says , I broke out more everytime I used it . And it dried my skin til it peeled . So , I 'm still looking .
 One of the bottles was COMPLETELY empty upon arrival . It was n't as if someone had used it , but rather like it had never been filled . I 'm looking into Amazon 's return policy , but since it was a gift , I 'll probably just end up keeping it as it is . The other three fragrances smell delightful , but I 'm very unhappy about the missing perfume .
 When I received the pkg the product was leaking . When I went to use the product the pump did n't work .
 I do n't like how many facial cleansers leave my face feeling dry and tight . I was using Clinique Liquid Facial Soap in the Mild formula , so when I saw the Extra mild , I thought I would try it . Well , it was like washing my face with Crisco ... It did n't remove my make up , particularly eye makeup , -LRB- I do n't even wear waterproof ... A good cry removes more eye makeup than this cleanser did -RRB- and it did n't rinse clean . I always had to wipe the excess cleanser off with a towel , and it always left a smeary mascara mess around my eyes . I gave it to a friend to see if it worked any better for her ... she threw it out . Do n't waste your money on this ...
 I had used the soap version of this face wash with the clarifying lotion and the dramatically different moisturizing gel and gotten good , clear skin . I never really liked using soap , so when the liquid soap came out , I was really excited . This version is definitely not the same formula as its soap counterpart . The liquid face soap made my eyes itch for a good 10 minutes after I washed my face . I never had the same problem with the bar soap . I threw away the liquid soap after a month of trying .
 This cleanser is overpriced and does nothing for my oily skin . I 'm a skincare junkie so i 've been around from high end to low end and this is no different than a neutrogena or clean and clear cleanser . If u want good products switch to dermalogica .
 I literally had to come back on here and make sure I did n't order mens cologne because I really thought I ordered the wrong item ! This parfum is very , very strong and not for a 20-something year old like myself ! My nose is a little irritated now because I took too much of a deep sniff ! LoL -LRB- exaggerating ! -RRB- But really , initially I believed it was for men not women ! I do n't like it . Another reviewer said his wife uses Chanel # 5 and Angel and compared it to this Gucci , well those are a couple scents that I love and have used for years but I could n't stand this one nor could I compare it . Chanel and Angel are strong but obviously feminine , this isnt . I want people to KNOW its MY , A WOMANS , PARFUM ! lol . It 's wayyyy too overbearing . I passed it around and everyone agreed that it smells like a mans cologone ! Once it has been on for a little bit it does have a more soft feminine smell , but I 'm still not sure if I 'm going to try to wear it or just give it to my fiance ! Now I 'm concerned if whether or not I bought a real bottle or a fake -LRB- in regards to what one reviewer said -RRB- ! I would just take your butt to Neiman Marcus , Macy 's , etc. and smell it for yourself . Plus that way you KNOW it 's legit !
 Do not buy from this person . This is the worse fake bottle of cologne I 've ever seen . The top silver part of the bottle -LRB- the cap -RRB- is plastic . It 's supposed to be like a metal material . The glass bottle was so poorly made and it was leaking out of the cap , right out of the box . LOL . The box it came in was another story but i wo n't get into that , but it looked fakely made as well . The silver paint from the plastic is flaking off extremely bad . The label that says Gucci on the bottle is flaking off too . The worse part of this is the scent , it smells really good , but , it lasts for like 5 minutes just like the knock-offs that you can buy from cheap stores and stuff . Read the other reviews from the people that bought it -LRB- and did n't realize it was a fake -RRB- , even they said the smell does n't last very long too . I am soooo pissed off . This was supposed to be a Christmas present . I know for a FACT that Gucci would never make something like this . You bastard !
 So I took a chance when I bought this perfume . I had never smelled it before , so when I got it I was pleasantly suprised . It smelled great , but after you spray it , there is no more smell .
 I tried this product in a store once and loved it . When I saw the incredible price here , I immediately ordered one . I still adore the scent of this perfume however it does not last more than a hour or so . I have to carry the bottle with me whenever I go out and it is getting frustrating !! So think twice before you buy and save your money .
 When I received merchandise , it was expired ... smell was bad and not what was expected ! It was probably repackaged and sold as new ? This product was long over its shelf life and should have never been sold !!! Company said they would look into it but I never got a favorable response and eventually after a month was able to send in bottle to merchant ! Still waiting for refund ...
 I was only able to try very small amount of this cream as the jar arrived broken . Better packaging might have helped or a plastic rather than glass jar .
 In my mid-fifties I developed an allergy to 14 and 18 carate gold . Now it 's a few years later and I ca n't use many sunblocks because of the chemicals that deflect the sun 's rays . My derm . recommended using a zinc oxide base and it 's great . Well it now appears that I also have a problem with something in Source Naturals Skin Eternal . While my issue does n't negatively reflect on the product I thought someone might benefit from my experience .
 I bought 2 jars of this cream after reading about the benefits of DMAE . I am in my mid-50s with a no problem skin . My husband and I tried it and both of us broke into ugly red pimples . My 25 year old daughter tried it and broke into a rash with big pimples . What could be the reason that 3 people with different types of skins all had breakouts and skin eruptions . I would like to return these jars , it was a big waste of money and now I have to get something to treat the pimples .
 I had high hopes for this stuff , but I was allergic . I guess I had no way of knowing until I tried it , I do n't have sensitive skin . I had nasty hives and swelling on my face and neck for a full week . More power to everyone else though that says it works for them .
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called `` natural '' company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source `` naturals '' think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states `` made in the USA '' which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 I was anxious to get my jar of DMAE Cream , after reading so much about it . Unfortunately , I was not able to tolerate the stuff . I put some on my face prior to leaving for my hair appointment , and I was quite ill from it by the time I arrived . My stylist had to get me a wet towel so that I could wash it off . I 'm not sure whether it was the obnoxious smell of it or if it contained some ingredient to which I 'm allergic , but I will never risk using it again .
 Not what I was expecting at all and really I do n't think it helps my skin any . Just a cream nothing amazing .
 I 've only used this product a few times , since it smells like urine once applied . Unless the manufacturer changes the smell Customers wo n't know if it 's worth the money , or not . I would not recommend the purchase .
 I had an alergic reaction to this product . I 've used all kinds of face creams with no problem . Heard about DMAE on Dr. Oz so I decided to try it . Purchased this and tried it before I went to bed . My neck and face turned bright red , puffy and extremely itchy . My skin dried out and became flakey . It took almost 2 weeks to get my skin to feel normal again . I emailed the company but they never responded . I am now using it as a hand cream .
 When I first used it , I thought the greasyness would disappear , but it did not , and I added and my makeup and it balled up , do n't know if this would work , I have stopped using it , and I even used less rubbed more , no way , could this enter your skin .
 I 'm 30 years-old and have been using this product for about a month . I have n't noticed any change in my completion at all so far and am not sure how effective this product really is .
 I gave this product 30 days . It has a nice fragrance and feels good . However , I see no visible difference from other creams of this type that I have used over the years . Also , it advertised `` high levels of DMAE '' . Would like to know exactly where in the list of ingredients DMAE falls ?????
 This item was a Christmas gift and if I did not have to leave in two days , I would return it.It is the Burberry Men 's Eau de Toilette Cologne and it came in a cardboard box with the word Tester on it and a plastic band on the top which should have been a cap , but had a hole in it . It did not look like the picture on Amazon 's web site at all . This is a major disappointment and Amazon should not deal with these people any more . I doubt very much if this is a true Burberry product at all .
 I ordedred this perfume Burberry By Burberry For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.3 OuncesBut to my surprize whenever I use this perume its fragrance will just vanish in two hours . This is the worst Burberry perfume I ever got.I think its always better to spend some extra amount on Genuine perfumes at shopping malls rather then buying FAKE/DUPLICATE perfumes from vendors at Amazon.com . Its is total waste of your money .
 First of all I got this and cologne leaks from the spray cap and the smell is lil different than I had before and wo n't stay on body for not even an hour . Also on the bottle I see a sticker which is removed -LRB- could be a tester one -RRB- where as I ordered a new one for $ 35 . I think I got crap for the money .
 I read the reviews and almost everyone was favorable , so I took a chance and bought this without smelling it . Big mistake . BTW , I have Burberry Brit and Burberry Touch and both of those are pretty good so I was looking forward to the Burberry original and I really wanted to like it . It smells like a house at Christmas time . Think cinnamon , pumpkin pie , spiced apple.If you want to smell like that , give it a try . It is a cheap , synthetic , imitation to traditional bay rum .
 Went strictly with amazonian reviews ... Last time I will do that again with colognes . really should have visited the mall or dealer to smell it first hand . I used to own Burberry Touch , which I really liked for a spring cologne but wanted something a little bit more long lasting . I gave this a shot and I was not only disappointed but it gave me headaches every time i used it . I know some cheap colognes do that to me , but I was n't expecting this from burberry . The bottle quality sub par and the smell over the top ! not sure if it was the spice used but in a closed door meeting at work I noticed that I started to have the headache and also noticed people inching away from the strong smell . And this is just from one spray to the chest under my shirt . I probably would put it up on craigslist for 10 $ .
 This stuff smells like insecticide , like RAID or something . Was not what I was expecting at all . I think I was mistaken for a different cologne . So I let my Dad have it . Apparently he likes it .
 My mother and I do not believe this product as authentic . The bottle packaging is strange and the fragrance does not last very long . The true product , we are familiar with , has much better attributes . We are disappointed and would not purchase this item again .
 This comb is constructed from aluminum that is far too thin to be of any value as a pocket comb . Put it in your rear pocket and it will bend out of shape immediately . Useless item for a man 's rear pocket . What ever happened to good old fashioned steel and hard rubber combs . I paid good money for these combs and find them useless .
 I miss the old rubber -LRB- i.e. unbreakable -RRB- comb ... and after looking around i recentlypurchased three -LRB- 3 -RRB- of these combs from Amazon . Yes it is 5 inches long , howeverthe width is less than inch . If you have large hands this comb will feel like you 're combing your hair with a pin ... it is so small !!! Unbreakable ? Yes i guess youcould call it that , however , it bends in your pocket if you sit on it . I 'm sodisappointed with this comb !!! Bring back the old rubber - unbreakable - comb thatwo n't tear up your scalp ... as this comb is also harsh on the scalp . I guess i could use these combs to seek out fleas/bugs in my dog 's coat ... maybe ... if he does n't getdermatitis first !!!!
 The mirror is great . The plastic is made of very cheap material . I would invest another dollar or two and get something more solid .
 Mirror arrived broken . Was n't even packaged with anything protective . If you need a mirror like this , listen to other reviewers and save your money ... . buy one at a beauty supply store as this was a waste of time and money .
 The handle/case was made of flimsy plastic that barely held the mirror 's weight , and the mirror itself looked like it wanted to pop out of its frame . I ca n't justify paying $ 14.00 for something this flimsy . You 'd probably be better served getting a Goody brand mirror for far cheaper .
 I bought this mirror because my old one broke and I was looking for an upgrade . The reason I was really interested by this mirror was its large size . It actually is pretty big for a handheld mirror , its a really great feature . But , I have to stay , I was really disappointed by the quality of the handlebar . It 's so flimsy ! I swear I 'll probably break it by the end of the month , and i just got the mirror today . Normally , you 'd expect a handlebar on a mirror to be firm and strong , but this is the opposite ! The mirror handle and the back of the mirror are just a cheap piece of plastic that encase the mirror . I have to say , I 'm pretty disappointed . I would have much better preferred to have paid a few extra dollars for a better quality handle . I guess what they say is true , you get what you pay for ...
 This Mirror came a bit foggy looking and cheap . Worse , I sat it down on the dresser and it cracked -- I did n't throw it , drop it , or step on it . . I just put it down in a normal fashion . Very thin glass and cheaply constructed . Avoid this overpriced junk mirror .
 The plastic is so flimsy that the mirror wiggles when you pick it up . I do not expect it to last long . Needless to say , it is very disappointing and a total waste of money .
 I 'm not sure if it was because of the flimsiness of the mirror or the poor packaging , but the mirror arrived broken . If you 're looking for a hand mirror I would suggest looking elsewhere . The plastic handle is not sturdy and the mirror is extremely fragile . A completely different spot of the mirror cracked when trying to piece back together . Has the quality of something you would buy for a dollar at a dollar store .
 The casing and handle is flimsy and weak . The weight of the low quality short and weak handle causes the handle to bend when you hold it by the handle alone.Was overpriced when I bought it . The price has dropped from 8 to 6 dollars.Dollar store quality . Do n't buy .
 nothing wrong with the mirror , but the casing is made of very flimsy plastic , where it literally rocks back and forth when you hold it by the handle . The likely hood of this product standing the test of time is low . I 'm pretty sure the handle will eventually break off the bottom of the mirror where it is weakest . I personally would not buy again , or recommend to any friends .
 Shipping was very fast and the box was intact so I 'm figuring mirror was damaged before they boxed it up . The crack is in the lower right hand corner of mirror so I guess it 's still somewhat usable . I would send it back but I 'm wondering if it 's even worth the hassle seeing as though it was only $ 9.45 . Hopefully they 'll send me a replacement without any issues . We shall see .
 opened the package and cracked -- my fault for thinking I could have a mirror shipped to me . Either that or it breaks easily . Not worth sending back .
 This is a fairly large mirror and I liked it a lot . However , I returned it for a refund because it felt too cheap . When holding the mirror by the handle , you are definitely aware that the handle is inadequate - too thin and flexible . Feels like the mirror is going to wobble around .
 Just call me Joe Tucker . The neighborhood sucker . I 'm becoming too addicted to online shopping , proven by the fact that I paid $ 10 for a $ 2 hand mirror . I thought the mirror was bigger , but that 's my fault for not paying close enough attention to the specs . This is a make-up mirror and not a hair mirror . You can find it cheaper at any local beauty supply , dollar store , or if you must buy online SEARCH HAND MIRROR ON GOOGLE IMAGES & FIND THE EXACT MIRROR CHEAPER ON EVERY OTHER SITE . . Now as for the quality ... Well ... What can I say . Its a plastic mirror . The handle is no more fragile than any other part of it . I do n't think it will break from normal use . However , its totally overpriced . I usually only purchase Amazon items that I have cross referenced locally & online for price & quality . This is my first & last time swaying from that formula . I have learned my lesson . Gave it 2 stars because its advertised correctly . Its a hand mirror & its black .
 When I picked up the USPS box , I could immediately hear something rattling around inside . When I opened the shipping box , the box inside had already been opened . When I opened the already once-opened box . The mirror was in pieces . I had to assemble it , but most of the two sided tape -LRB- for the back of the mirror -RRB- was missing . Also , the mirror was dirty . I had to clean what was supposed to be a brand new mirror . Also , the plastic on the handle was terribly scuffed.In short , the quality control for this mirror is atrocious and/or I got a mirror that somebody else had already returned .
 The mirror arrived broken and there was no option for returning or exchanging it -LRB- other than paying $ 4.95 for postage -- hardly worth it -RRB- , so the brand new mirror , shipping box and all went straight to the trash . Do n't waste your money !
 This thing 's made of cheap material . The plastic handle will bend back and forth when it 's held upright because of the weight of big piece of glass mirror . I can picture it break easily if some pressure is applied .
 It 's a little blurry and scratched -LRB- as it came -RRB- . It 's also pretty flimsy . It does a good enough job for as little as I use it , but do n't expect anything great .
 I got this mirror in pieces , i was so upset . I did n't want to go through the hassle of returning . Just know you could go to your local Walmart or Sally 's hair store and grab you one of these , without the pain of waiting 4-7 days , receiving the thing , and it 's in a mess . Boo !
 If you want a cheap basic brush , this brush is for you . It 's cheap , looks cheap , but does the job . It 's not anti-static . I purchased this brush in Oct. 2011 and it 's now the middle of winter and I am having static issues with it .
 Unfortunately I was disappointed with this purchase and I would n't purchase again . I am a big fan of Michael Kors perfume and have purchased for years . This one turned up with just the name ` Michael ' printed on the bottle which makes me think it is not genuine . As the authentic bottle has ` Michael Kors ' on the front . It had a slightly different smell and I 've only sprayed it a few times and already the nozzle does n't work so the perfume leaks everywhere and does n't spray directly . VERY disappointed given I took the chance to purchase for the first time through this buyer . I wo n't again and I will return to my usual seller.A disappointed buyer .
 And again I went by all the good reviews instead of going out and smelling it . Not for younger people , and again I was to lazy to return it now its just sitting in my bedroom for looks . Go out and smell it before you buy it , I will !!
 the spray did not work initially and the finishing around the cap/ribbon is pretty bad.i am wondering whether this is a fake or defect . the scent is also overbearing .
 This smells like &#34; old lady &#34; perfume ! If you like that then you will love it , but not for me . I gave it to my neighbor and she loves it ! However she is not an &#34; old lady &#34; but likes that type of perfume .
 I 've purchased this perfume from department stores many times.But this one is not like that and it does n't last long it stay like an hour or so , It does n't smell exactly like the one from stores.Which makes me think it could be fake .
 it never came after going back and forth for 4 weeks , they said it got sent back ... whatever . . I got the money back so it 's all good . I do not recommend this company
 The Joy perfume I got was tightly sealed as promised but it did n't smell fresh . I tried it for about 2 weeks and finally threw it away . True I had n't had to pay the $ 100 + price I would have had to pay if I had bought it in a store , but I was very unhappy with the Joy I got . I will now order from my usual reliable department store online.I will have to pay the exorbitant price , but my nose knows !
 Ultimate user did n't like it
 Did n't work and none in stock foa an exchange . Used this in the 90 's and it was great for my heavy relaxed hair . I will probably order another when the stock comes in .
 I purchased this product for my wife , after she had purchased one and only worked once.The unit I purchased also did not work as promised . Based on reviews and videos from other `` users '' , it looked to be an impressive unit , however , after the first use on both units , the devices barely distributed any steam for the process . Instructions were followed precisely . But to no avail.My opinion is for people to not waste their money .
 I bought this because of a fashion blog -LRB- Wendy Nguyen -RRB- . She recommended it and made a video of her using them , making them look super easy and convenient . I did n't find it to be either of those things . First of all , Wendy has super thin hair vs my thick hair . I do n't know how much of a factor that is but the curls were frizzy , messy , and unattractive . I 've used twice & have n't opened it since . It was 40 $ down the drain when curls made by my 15 $ curling iron & 15 $ hair curlers did a way better job .
 I purchased this set after carefully reading reviews on many steam rollers . I was replacing a 20 year old steam set that had hard plastic rollers and gave me big bouncy curls in an hour . This set sounded great as reviews indicated needing only 15 minutes to set . I have steamed the rollers anywhere from 5-10 seconds and my hair is NEVER dry in 15 minutes . I often have to use a hair dryer to complete the process so I can get to work on time . Also the roller covers leave dents in your hair . I purchased the Conair clips as suggested by other reviewers and they help . Still the curls do not last all day , are somewhat flat and no bounce . Since the rollers are foam you can not get a big bouncy curl like I was looking for . I would not purchase this again .
 I bought the C97958 Ionic Steam Hairsetter recently because on product description it is stated `` The only patented steam hair setting sytem with worldwide dual voltage '' and I wanted to use it abroad . However on the device I received there is no switch to change the voltage setting . The operating instructions also states `` OPERATES ONLY AT 120V , 60Hz '' . The worldwide dual voltage claim appears to be misleading and totally untrue !
 I used the Caruso rollers 2-3 times a week and always emptied the water and kept the unit clean . I was vacationing in Aruba and planned on using the rollers on my hair as well as my friend 's hair . Alas , plugged the unit in and nothing , the heating unit was dead . I had only had the rollers for four months . When I purchased the rollers , I read many reviews and several people stated that their rollers had also `` died '' after only limited use . I certainly did not expect to be one of them . I would never purchase a Caruso product again and have since purchased Vidal Sassoon steam rollers .
 I love the Caruso Professional ION Steam set of rollers . I am on my 5th set of rollers . I use them everyday . It leaves my hair in good condition , lasts all day and actually is good for anyone 's hair . I purchased my most recent set on Amazon . I received it on April 23 , 2006 . I used it less than two months , then with a loud pop , it died .
 Received this item today . Excited to open , disappointed to see . First of all , it came in colourcof grey instead of red.Most important is There are several crack markes on unit . I can tell right away that this product is made from very cheap material , plastic and foam . With cracks and obvious low quality material , i dont see it will last . I bought this based on good reviews here , which means i was misled . Will try to return it.Caruso C97958 Professional ION Steam HairsetterUpdate , very good customer service though , had a smooth return .
 After reading some of the opinions of others , I was truly looking forward to getting the Caruso ION Steam Hairsetter . Unfortunately , I found that although it does set in curl , the curls are flat and they do n't last .
 I have been using Caruso Rollers since they first came out in the late 80 's -LRB- I think -RRB- . I saw the very first infomercial and was intrigued enough to buy them . I LOVED LOVED LOVED these salt steam rollers . My super fine straight hair had some serious curls . I used that setter for 15 years I think . GREAT product . And then it broke . No biggie , I 'll just buy a new one . Yeah right . The new one did n't use salt and broke after a year or so . Then I bought another , it just did n't work as well as the original . Then this ION setter came along . I was desperate to get my curls back so I bit the bullet and bought it in late November . The first try my curls came back . The second use of the product , still working good . The third time I used it my curls fell out after a few hours and I noticed the steam was not nearly as strong as it was on the first and second use . The fouth time -LRB- today -RRB- I barely got enough steam out of it to heat the curler . What a crock !!! You know the old saying ... If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it ? Well , they should n't have fixed the first one . It worked perfectly . Now I 'm stuck with piece o crap that is broke only 3 months after I bought it . Oh and to boot ... the ION feature is nothing short of annoying with its clicking . Again , why mess with perfection ? UGH , now I have to try and track down the manufacturer -LRB- Amazon has no phone number to share -RRB- and try and talk to their customer service and -LRB- if they have one -RRB- and figure out how to get this exchanged . do n't waste your time on this version . If you can find the earlier one , get that .
 With all the hype on healthy hair forums about the caruso steam rollers , I was very excited when it arrived . After my first attempt I had limp curls that did not last longer than 1 hour . On my second attempt I did it on dry hair with very little products added as I though the moisture from my styling products may have made my hair to limp , nope . On dry hair with minimal product had the same limp hair . Needless to say , the caruso set went right back to Amazon for my refund . I have 4A fine relaxed hair , so this product may be great for those who tex-lax or ladies who are natural with thicker hair .
 This `` supposed '' hair curler is the biggest farce of a product I 've ever encountered or wasted money on . After using it your hair still looks like you just crawled out of bed . From the clumsy curler to the way the curler mashes the hair , there is absolutely no way this product can leave you with a head of hair that you would take out in public . The only reason I still have it , is because I got sick and could n't test it out before the 30 days were up . I just made some rich guy OR girl a little richer - story of my life . Bottom line . Do n't waste your money .
 This product works well , but the smell of plastic is overwhelming . I am concerned about the long term health effects of anything that smells so strongly of plastic , and sends very strong fumes into the air . I ran the unit outside several times to try to get rid of the fumes , but they were still horrible . I do not recommend this product at all !
 I owned the original back in the '80s and loved it . I just purchased this new model with the promise of 5 different sizes of rollers , 6 each , for a total of 30 . It arrived . With 30 rollers . As follows
 Was really looking forward to this hair roller set . It is much harder to use . Takes longer to set . Curls did not last longer . Very disappointed . I 'm going right back to my jumbo revlon heated rollers .
 I received this product in December as a gift . I just tried it this evening and the unit is broken . It just makes a clicking noise and does not heat up or steam up . I am dissappointed as I have used these Caruso Rollders once before many years ago and I wore the old one out . I am trying to get a hold of the seller to send back for either a new one or refund.I hope everyone else is having luck with their Caruso C97958 Professional ION Steam Hairsetter .
 I have had a set of Caruso rollers in the past and these are not the same . My other set was great . My hair would stay curled for 2 days . These make your hair damp so no curl will hold .
 I purchased these outside Amazon a couple years back . Would n't buy these again . I find that these still dry the hair out and if your hair is very long will break it off . Not sure if there are any heated rollers that wo n't make the hair brittle . These are no different .
 This might work for some , but not my hair . I have thick hair that holds onto moisture -LRB- shoulder length that takes 1 hour to blow dry -RRB- and the rollers left my locks a complete mess . No curls , no shine-just a frizzy mess . I experimented with the amount of time I left the rollers on the steamer , but nothing worked for me . I was hoping that these would work because I am concerned about heat and damage , but returned these and bought the BaByliss Professional 30 Nano Titanium Hairsetter Roller Set .
 This product takes too long to use . It only takes a single curler at a time and it sucks .
 People rave about this product . However I followed all the instructions and found it takes 5 minutes for each roller to heat up . That 's nearly an hour if you use just 12 of the 30 rollers ! Then an additional 15 minutes to let it all dry . The curls did not last even a few hours on my hair .
 I 'd like to return this please it didnt meet my expectations or needs .
 I bought this product because it said it can be used worldwide . The instructions leaflet says to use 110 voltage only . Now I can not use it in countries with 220 voltage that I travel to .
 There is nothing like getting something in the mail only to open it and find out that it does not work . I filled the water to the line plugged it in , only to hear a loud ticking sound for 30 minutes , no steam at all !!!! Amazon needs to check the merchant that is . Fulfilling the orders , this item was a defect !! So irritating .
 I only used it twice and it would n't work anymore ... I used drinking water as recommended in other reviews but it has not kept my steamer alive for at least half a year . It was a terrific curler while it lasted . If you find a really cheap one -LRB- $ 5 - $ 10 -RRB- , I suggest buying it ...
 I tried three times to get this to work -LRB- and watched a you tube tutorial -RRB- and maybe it 's just my hair because everyone else seems to love it , but it would n't hold the curl at all ... even with product the curls , more like waves really , just fell after a few minutes ... resulting in just a mess of hair . My hair is naturally wavy and not especially course , so I would n't recommend this , but maybe it 's just me ... hair is a subjective thing I suppose .
 I 've been using this for three days now . I was a big fan of the original Caruso steam setter that required the addition of salt . It gave great curl and I got tons of compliments on my hairstyle back then . Style lasted all day . I just bought this , excited at the prospect at reliving those good hair days . But , alas , I have n't found the secret to `` curls that last for days '' or even hours . I 've even tried leaving these things on for over 20 minutes and I 've tried having completely dry , unwashed hair and leaving them in for 20 minutes . Not great curl and it does n't last If something changes , -LRB- it 's 12/20/08 today -RRB- , I 'll get back to ya .
 The steam setter did its work well . The only thing bothers me is the beep sound when I use ionic steam setting . The continous un stop beep sound is killing me . So annoy . I did watched some video of others use this product . why there 's so such sound on their video . Is it a new feature of this product or I am getting a defect one ?
 MY WIFE HAD ONE OF THE OLDER TYPES AND LOVED IT.IT WAS TIME FOR A NEW ONE.THE NEW ONE WAS USED THREE TIMES AND THEN IT BROKE .
 I read the reviews and bought this based on the fact that I had used the old clairol steam roller system and remember the great curl and condition of my hair . For years I have used a curling iron and it is doing it 's damage unless I cut my hair quite short . I got the big system yesterday and used it this morning . Not difficult to handle , but the curl , despite long times in the hair , was totally inadequate . I had to go over each one with the curling Iron . I now have one more big item I wo n't use . It came with three additional boxes of rollers too . Sad , for me .
 I am an African-American woman with fine , relaxed hair . I have used the hairsetter about 5 times now and my hair does not keep the curl . I have used setting lotion , let the curlers absorb more steam or less steam and have tried using the blow dryer on them while in my hair , but my hair comes out slightly frizzy and then the curl is gone in a couple of hours .
 I purchesed the Caruso as I had been using one for years but my rollers had worn out . I though I might as well update the machine as mine was so old . I received the machine and did n't open it for a couple of weeks . When I used it for the first time I found it was defictive and did n't work . I wrote saying it did n't work and after over a week I still have no reply . It was shipped fast enough but I am very disappointed in the service .
 This is the biggest waste of money ever ! I have naturally straight hair & I recently colored it . I bought these rollers so that I do n't do more damage to my hair . My hair has never held a curl with these . I have tried steaming the roller for more time & for less time than the booklet says . I also leave them in for a minimum of 45 minutes . Still the curl will not hold for more than 30 min . & the curl that it does give is super weak . Now when I want a little curl in my hair I have to resort to using a curling iron . Such a bummer !
 These things were total junk . Very cheaply made . The rollers were just plactic spools with sponge surrounding them . They loose their heat within a few seconds . Did nothing for my hair . I 'm throwing the whole thing away .
 The device was broken . I plugged it in and nothing happened.I 've used the standard Caruso steam rollers before , and they ususally break after about four months , so my expectations were n't too high . But this one was broken from day one , and the warranty is useless !
 This hairset that does not include a user 's manual . I find this unacceptable . I have spent over 1 hour on the Internet trying to find some instructions and there is nothing available .
 A disappointment . Mine arrived yesterday and I used it today . It 's pretty easy to use , but the curl is weak . I bought it based on reviews and my history of some years back having a clairol steam setter . It was so good for my hair I thought it was time to give up the curling iron . Wrong . I had to go over each curl with the iron to get a substantial curl with body . Sad , now I have a full system to add to unused articles . Not cheap enough for one use .
 I have had my roller set for a little over 2 months . During that time I have used this product 2 times . Of those 2 times , I was only pleased with the result once . Yesterday , I decided to roll my hair and give this product another chance . The problem is , the Caruso ION Steam Hairsetter would not heat up . It actually began to have an electrical smell after several minutes of heating so I unplugged the unit . Additionally , I had to order extra rollers , incurring more cost , because the rollers sent with the set were not sufficient to roll my long hair . Since I am outside of the return window , I will have to eat the cost of the hairsetting set and the extra rollers .
 I bought this Caruso Ion through Amazon and the first time I used it on regular setting . and it was fine . The first time I tried to use it on the ion setting , it just would n't work and I can not even get the regular setting to work after I tried the ion setting . So I have it setting in my drawer with the other 2 sets of rollers from the two previous Caruso I had . I now have 3 sets of rollers . MY other two machines at lasted about 2 years each . Now I have a drawer full of Caruso rollers , but not a machine that works . I look at it every once in awhile so I can remind myself to never buy another one
 I bought this product in hopes of getting flawless results for hours in a day . I have very thin , very healthy , and very straight hair . When I tried this product , I first left it in for 10-15-20 minutes on three different occasions . I 'm not saying this product was horrible because its results came out great each time ; voluminous curls , light hair , no frizz , and healthy shine . The big BUT is that it did not stay in tact for 24 hours like advertised . Maybe it 's just my hair , but my hair literally went flat in a matter of minutes . I even tried using hairspray -LRB- which I despise -RRB- , one of the 3 times I tested this product and yet it still went flat with very light , unattractive waves . Thus , my overall thought of this product is not so great .
 Came in a plastic tube and the seller wrapped it in bubble wrap however it was snapped in 4 pieces . Buyer beware !
 I never write a review on Amazon.com or anywhere online . But this item totally deserve to be reviewed!I was so looking for my purchase on Amazon . It finally arrived today , but ... it broke into two pieces on my first use.DON ' T BUY !
 I have used many different crystal nail files , and this is by far the worst . It snapped on the first use , though I was n't putting any pressure on it at all . I still use one of the shards , and the surface grit has not dulled.I much prefer the NailTek XL or the Essie crystal file . In any case , no matter what file you buy , make sure it is a true crystal file as opposed to a glass file with grit adhered to it .
 I used this fairly expensive file about a half-dozen times before it snapped into two as I applied a minimal amount of pressure on it . I was also unimpressed with the abrasiveness of the surface , and found the file to be too thick to use as a pick , despite its shape . What a waste of money .
 Well , I finally tried this after wanting to for years . It sure was n't worth the wait ! Like other reviewers on various perfume sites , I did n't think the tuberose note really stood out . The scent itself faded very quickly . It was gone is less than 15 minutes ! I do n't hate this by any means but , it was n't me . The search for a Creed I 'm in love with continues ...
 I SO wanted this to work , and I received a generous sample from Saks to try ... enough for a week ! -LRB- Yes , generous . Thank you counter gal . -RRB- After a week , I decided that Indiana is an average , run-of-the-mill , old-fashioned floral . I imagine it being something that my Grandmother might have worn in the 50s , 60s & 70s ... Strong , floral , feminine.It 's just not me . I 'll take the florals but I want something more complex , more different , more modern . Tubereuse ... What 's all the fuss ?
 I am very perplexed as to how certain items can achieve tons of 5 star reviews and also tons of 1 stars . I guess , in this case , it really does all depend on the individuals hair . -LRB- and having a working unit lol -RRB- For me , this Caruso system has not worked at all . Not one bit . I 'm Caucasian with shoulder length , very fine , very delicate and thin -LRB- a result of chronic illness -RRB- hair . Now , usually , my hair takes a curl from irons or other curling tools in seconds , like lightening ! I 've never had much of a problem with curls falling.Lately , I 've been on a &#34; I do n't wan na use heat anymore !! &#34; escapade -LRB- imagine Seinfeld and his cowboy boot or pirate sagas -RRB- . I 've been pin curling , sock curling , etc etc. . I found this contraption and after reading all the reviews about bodyful curls that last and last and extra moisture and having longer hair as a result yaddi yadda , I knew I just HAD to have this ! So I exclaimed to my supportive husband &#34; I 'm gon na order this hair thingy right here ! &#34; So I waited and waited for a week until it arrived and I was SO excited ! I am hugely self conscious of my super thin hair , as I 'm only 30 and used to be somewhat attractive . I feel like a balding rat most of the time nowadays . Anyway , I opened my Amazon package and immediately got to work . First attempt = failure . Second attempt = Failure . Third , Fourth , Fifth attempts = failure.I am pretty good at rolling my hair , so I do n't not believe that 's an issue . I do n't use product on my hair beforehand , so it 's not that . I only use the Caruso on completely dry , clean hair . Like countless others , I have experimented with shorter steam times , longer steam times , in between steam times , and the same with curler-on-head times . When I unroll these puppies , my hair looks like crap ! Seriously , like crap . It looks thinner than when I use velcro rollers -LRB- which rip my hair , wahhhh -RRB- , and it gets all lank and sad looking , like a dying flower that some guy you do n't like gave you . Then the ends begin to turn in weird directions and nothing looks fluid and smooth.I suppose my hair may look a teensy weensy bit shinier at the end , but that does n't make up for the awkward shapes and scraggly appearance it takes on after using these curlers.It 's a sad day for all of us .
 The product was advertised as new and upon receiving the product it had already been opened and some of the pieces were missing . Secondly , the electical unit does not work ! I wrote an e-mail to Amazon explaining my displeasure and still have not received any response . I want to return this item and get my money back ... do not buy this item from this seller !
 I 've read so mant great reviews about this product so I finally decided to buy it . PS , I 'm definitely going to read the 1 stars before the 5 stars because the 5 stars were definitely inaccurate . I tried using mine once and it crapped out . Would not steam up and even when it did the one and only time it worked , it was not effective at all . HORRIBLE PRODUCT ! Do n't waste your money ! If I could reate it , it would be in the negative numbers ...
 I really did a lot of research on rollers and these were so highly rated that I finally bit the bullet and bought a set . I have thin fine medium to long length hair . The only plus to these is they do n't damage your hair . They do curl my hair and stay in with no products for about 6 hrs but I do n't like the way it curls . To make my hair stay on the roller I have to wrap it tighter which means the different size rollers become pointless . And I 'm looking for volume not all over curl -LRB- which is what it gave me -RRB- . Also if left on the steamer to long it will cause my hair to go frizzy . And I have 4 little kids and trying to make sure I time all the rollers while dealing with kids in the morning is distracting . My last complaint is the roller clips if you can call them that . I fight about half of them to stay in and they cause a line where they are put in at . So all in all I 'm not a fan . I hate that I bought these and will never use them again and stuck with them , but lesson learned ...
 My old `` purple '' system died after 15 years of use . I was excited to try out the `` new , no salt '' system . I ordered it in January , and the system has already quit working . I 'm having to find alternative ways to curl my hair and am not happy . I 'm also not willing to fork out another $ 35 on something that may/may not work .
 I did as much research as possible before purchasing these rollers . I have long , fine-length hair and I 've never found a set of rollers that work ... including these . They absolutely did NOT hold the curl all day . In addition , I found them difficult to roll as the centers are spongy ; some were tighter than others regardless of how hard I tried to get them to be the same . Also , as others noted , only after three uses , the rollers had considerable indentions . The only good thing about these rollers was that I did n't notice much of a mark from the clips ! These are definitely not for me !
 I have been a caruso hair setter fan for years and years . I was always told when my hair was set that I had a Marylin Monroe hairdo . I bought my hair setter eventually after years of use finally conked out . I felt though it was an expensive setter , I got my moneys worth . I bought another caruso setter just over a year ago and it burned out and was almost shocked.I did use it with salt and tried it without and the curls did not last . I just had to buy two more setters as they also come with multiple size rollers and I do n't use the jumbo at all . I am still using salt and am worried these two will also be out of commision in no time . I wish this company would go back to the old style .
 I owned an earlier model of this hairsetter for years before it finally gave out . I was VERY PLEASED!In spite of the less-than-glowing reviews I was reading about the current model , I was willing to give it a shot , because steam hairsetters do a much better job on my thick , but fine hair . The only other model I could find got bad reviews , too.Unfortunately , in spite of the fact that I only used this hairsetter an average of 3 or 4 times a month , it crapped out in only 9 months ! If I had used it every day , it would n't have lasted much more than a month!What 's worse is that it apparently has NO WARRANTY !!! I must say that I am shocked that people are rating this product with 4 or 5 stars , while admitting they need to replace it often . Have our standards dropped so much that we do n't care if a product will last ??? Especially one without a warranty ? Does anyone think that 's why they do n't offer one ???
 The Caruso hairsetters are absoulutley wonderful for holding curls in thedifficult-to-curl hair . There is only one major problem . After owning 5 of these products in the past 8 years , I am getting ready to purchase another one . -LRB- You would think that I would learn by now , but it 's the only thing that keeps my hair curly . -RRB- These hairsetters quit working for no apparent reason . You are guaranteed about 6-10 uses before it craps out on you.This last one , which was the expensive $ 55 ionic set was used 4 times before it stopped . I would like to hear from someone who knows what the problem is with these hairsetters . First I thought it was the tap water I was using , so I tried using spring water . Another thought I had with my last hairsetter , was that I turned off the unit after use , but forgot to drain the water from inside the container . I believe there is another company that makes steam hairsetters . Does anybody know if the 're any good ?
 I had a Caruso steam hairsetter for probably over 15 years before the electrical cord developed a break and sparks flew . I was sad . Other hot rollers were heavy , fell out , left marks and fried my hair . So I bought this one . It is working , but no matter what level the water is at it sputters water out the top along with steam and at times gets the rollers too wet . I still use it , but I suspect the quality is not the same and do n't know if it will last . Tips
 I used this product three times and did n't get good results . My hair came out frizzy and the curls that were there were not attractive . That may have been the fault of my technique , however I was unable to practice any further because it stopped working . When I plugged it in to use it the fourth time it made all the same noises , but no longer spit out any steam at all . I read and followed the directions exactly and I used ONLY distilled water . I would have liked to give it a few more tries , but it 's not priced low enough to be disposable , so even if it had worked great for me the first three times I would not buy another .
 Instead of 2 jumbo , 3 large , 4 medium , 3 small and 2 petite rollers I was sent a package with 5 jumbo , 4 medium , and 5 petite . The jumbo are way too big for my needs , so this is a problem . I guess I 'll have to exchange the package and hope the second time around I get the product I thought I was buying .
 I 'm one of the unlucky people for whom this product did n't work . No matter what I did the curls would n't stay in for more than an hr . I tried different things and no difference . The only way I can get curls is by leaving the rollers on the steamer for a long time , steam the caps , and then leaving then in my hair for more than four hrs so they can dry , and even after all that , I have no trace of curls in my hair at the end of the night . Back to using my straightener to create curls .
 The package and all the rollers look great and the steamer is compact and easy to use . Sadly , it did n't work for me.The steamer heats up in 1 min as expected but the curls do n't last . I have should-length , straight hair but after letting the rollers cool for 15-20 min , my curls only last for about 5 min . 15 min afterward and all the curls have already lost all their shapes . I also agree with the comments about the snap-in `` lids '' for the rollers creating creases . Would be better to use your own clips .
 Did not work on my hair at all ... I have very long blonde hair ! The ends were frizzy and the curl went out of my hair with in minutes !
 The product was advertise to be great and it 's not , I have been trying different ways to make sure it 's not my hair , and this product still does n't work .
 I have used these and though they DO make a good curl they are MESSY to use and a BURN hazard.Steam shoot up from the unit and you have to put the roller on it and hope it get hot and wet enough with steam then grab it and put it in your hair while steam is shooting up in the air until you put the next curler on it.The heat up is just a few minutes and it takes practice to get used to this method to be safer with it but I got sick of burning my fingers and with my little child around they could pull the cord and with steam shooting out ... well it is just a hazard too.I gave it away to a young teen with no kids and that liked to fiddle with messy hair stuff.I then bought the Babyliss Pro Instant Heat Ion Ceramic Hot Rollers . I love those as they are not messy and I can close the cover so my little one will not get burned on a hot roller . I found it faster and less messy and less harzardous to me and my kid.The curls with Caruso lasts longer with no hair product on but the hot rollers last just as long if you apply a light spritz of styling spray or mousse before rolling in the hot rollers and so go with the hot rollers for speed and safety .
 1 . Color same for all clips making it extremely difficult to find the right size clip .2 . Unit would not steam after 5 uses ! 3 . Definitely a waste of money for me !
 I had a different Caruso Hairsetter for 12 years and it broke . The new one does n't make the curlers as moist , so it does n't curl the hair as well . I am very dissappointed in this product and wish I could send it back .
 I ordered this because the description says `` dual voltage '' . However when I received the product it was identical to the single voltage model I already own . The steamer itself and the instructions both say `` 120 '' Volts only .
 I have owned the Caruso Molecular steam hairsetter for at least the last 15 years and would not buy any other hairsetting product . It is gentle on the hair and gives a wonderful , soft , steamed curl , as opposed to harsh , electric hot curlers . I recently purchased the new `` smaller version '' , because my old one - with the larger water/heating unit , burned out after many years of use . The old one required more water and a bit of salt . It gave great steam , filling the rollers with a lot of steam , thus giving a better curl to the hair . This newer version does not require salt , uses very little water , and does not have the steam making power the older version did . I am very dissappointed in this `` newly designed '' product . I have packed it away , and will use it only as a back up . I hate it when you use a product for many years and find they have upgraded , improved , or discontinued the product . Sometimes , it is best to leave well enough alone . I will purchasing one of the older hairsetters on Ebay .
 I bought this unit the end of May , here it is July 20 and in less than 2 months my unit is no longer working . I have enjoyed the steam rollers and the results that I have received from them but I can not afford to replace a unit of this supposed quality and reputation every couple of months . My daughter has an older unit and has enjoyed using it for many years and she recommended that I try one also . So , I am greatly disappointed especially as I am on vacation and now can have funky hair the rest of my trip . I can not wait to see those vacations pics .
 These curlers ara a joke ! The original curlers -LRB- 10 years ago -RRB- were great . These ones have cheap foam and all six of the petite rollers had no covers to go over them so they are completely useless . I am VERY disapointed .
 I successfully used this unit once . This is the second setting , half of my hair is rolled , and the unit died . Both uses were with distilled water . I was practicing for a wedding tomorrow . All of you who scream that we need smaller government , please let up enough so that we can have more consumer protection put into place . I 'm tired of working hard for my money and having it stolen by unscrupulous manufacturers who know that there is a problem with their products made in China and do n't care because they do n't have to care . If quality control regulations were in place and it cost manufacturers fine money , we would get our products manufactured in the United States once again .
 I was so excited when I received these rollers after reading great reviews . Unfortunately , these rollers did n't work at ALL for me . I have long , fine shafted hair . It did nothing for me . In fact , because of the steam , my hair looked worse after using them than before . At least before attempting , my hair was n't frizzy . So , I would recommend you look elsewhere if you have fine shafted hair .
 I bought this for my 11 year old daughter , thinking it would be effective , but safe for her long , thick hair . Even though I have been doing the rolling -LRB- since I thought it would work better if the rollers were placed properly , steamed appropriately , not much hair in each , etc. -RRB- , the curls are pretty disappointing . Nothing like the photographs of girls with long flowing hair with gentle curls . These usually fall out pretty quickly , and do n't ever brush them or they are completely gone . Would not recommend for thick hair - maybe okay for thin hair .
 I was excitied to receive the Caruso Molecular Steam Hairsetter with Rollers in the mail . My hairdresser recommended it , and the Amazon reviews were positive . I was disappointed , however . Even though I ordered extra rollers , I still did not have enough for all of my hair . Because I ran out of the mediums , I substituted with small and large rollers , and the hairstyle , when completed , looked nice . But the curl did not hold . Within a few hours , I lost the curl . I thought this product would work because my hair has some natural body and is neither too thick nor too thin . I have soft water in my house as well , which should be helpful . I 've tried this product a few times now , thinking that perhaps I need more practice , but I still can not get the curl to stay . When I spoke to my hairdresser he commented that perhaps my hair is too thick to hold the curls . So my suggestion to anyone considering purchasing this product is to reconsider it if your hair is slightly thick . It wo n't hold the curl .
 I bought this item when it came out over 10 years ago when you had to use the salt in the water . After 10 years of constant use it gave up a nd so I purchased another one because not only did last a long time it gave me great curls . Well , I purchased the same model and this one says you do n't use the salt which I thought was great , but after only 6 month it stopped working . I called Caurso and they sent me another one for free well this one was n't much better with only about 6 month and not using it every day it also stopped working . I do n't know if the other models are better than this one , but this model is not like it used to be . I am now looking into purchasing hot rollers as I have given up on the Caurso 's .
 I had high expectation on this product after having read the reviews . Unfortunately , both my daughter 's and my straight Asian hair did not hold the curls for even half day . I am very disappointed and will return the product . Amazon is great in honoring the return and taking care of the return shipping .
 I bought this product because of all the good reviews . It was a huge mistake . It does not keep my hair curled for longer than an hour . I have attempted different ways to keep the curl , and time after time , it does n't get any better . Also it takes forever for the rollers to get your hair curled .
 I did not like this product . The clips are not easy to attach and the curlers keep falling out . I get a tighter curl with my old stand-by curling iron .
 I have very fine long hair . I was hoping this product would give me a nice curl that would last all night . It took a ridiculous amount of time to even get all the curlers in my hair because you have to individually heat each one . I also ran out of the same size curler and had to use two random small ones in the front of my hair . It turned into a mess , and when I had fixed it so that I looked somewhat passable , the curls fell out in a couple hours . I had a barely wavy look that had taken me an extremely long amount of time to get . It was n't worth it .
 I spent a lot of time reading both the negative and positive reviews for this product . I thought that many of the negative reviews were just the result of a few defective units . Since so many others gushed about how fantastic these things were , I decided to bite the bullet and purchase a set.Shortly after the package arrived in the mail I tried them out . I was about 4 rollers in when I heard a soft popping sound , then my bathroom began to fill with a heavy smoke smell . When I went to unplug the cord it was almost too hot to touch ... it almost started a fire ! To top it off , it also blew half the fuses in my home . It is POSSIBLE that the unit I received was also just a defective ; however , it was a highly dangerous defective.Additionally ... I am surprised by the number of 5 star reviews that also mention that the product stopped working after a certain amount of time . For me , that would cause me to knock a few stars off the overall rating . On the plus side of everything , the return was very fast and simple . UPS even picked the product up from porch at no charge .
 I used to have the old steam setter with salt . It worked for years and the curls always held for at least a whole day . And , all the reviewers who said there are 12 huge rollers are right . The description of the sizes was wrong . I did n't use any of the huge size . BUT , worst of all , even with the smaller sizes , my curls did n't even last ONE HOUR!After reading the reviews , I picked this one , figuring the folks who liked it were probably right and the ones who complained just did n't know how to use the steam setter . Well , the complainers were right . It 's going back in the morning.I had such high hopes for this to help me look so special for my son 's wedding in about a week and a half . At this rate , the curls would n't have lasted through the pre-wedding pictures and would have been gone before the guests arrived . Here 's another incident of something not being made as well now as they used to make it.Save your money and buy something else !
 These rollers are horrible . They dont hold a curl at all . I have tried every way imaginable - longer on the steamer , shorter on the steamer , longer in my hair , with a hair dryer , with gel , with mousse , with nothing , all different sized rollers ... and the result is the same - ugly , ugly , ugly . The curls are not uniform and they do not stay in my hair . Some of the rollers do not regain shape . They are just plain bad . Other reviewers are correct , the salt systems held my hair much better . I 'm going back to my hot rollers - these rollers can go in the garbage . I really wish I would have listened to the other reviewers : - -LRB-
 From all the positive reviews , I thought Caruso was going to work for me . I still use my Clarol heated steam rollers -LRB- without the steam -RRB- and thought Caruso might do less damage to my straight , fine hair . All I can say is that it did completely nothing ... except made my hair straighter ! There were soft curls as I unwound the rollers , spritzed on extra hold hair spray , but after `` finger separating '' them , they fell flat . My hair felt completely dry , too , so I know it was n't too much moisture.I 've wondered if the unit is working correctly as I 've never seen one in action before . The steam arising was thinner than a thin stream of cigarette smoke -LRB- as in when you see one laying in an ashtray -RRB- It was so itty bitty it was apparent only when getting down to eye level with the unit . The foam did not `` plump '' as I read in one review . Nor did it get `` moist '' when I tried leaving one roller on the unit longer than 5-15 seconds to see what would happen . The rollers still felt dry . I blow dried before taking the rollers out and had kept the rollers in a good 20 minutes or more . That 's where the instruction booklet was seriously lacking . It did not describe how the unit should work , the curlers should feel , etc. . I asked at my local Sally 's but no one there -LRB- although they sell these units -RRB- knew how it should operate . They recommended I try a different setting lotion . -LRB- I blow dried my hair before I started AND before taking the curlers out . -RRB- I 'll give it another try and if it works as well as advertised , will revise my review . If not , it 's going back to the store . My Clarol rollers are old fashioned -LRB- about 20 years old -RRB- and the curls only last a day , but it at least does something.If anyone could enlighten me as to how the unit is supposed to work when operating correctly , it would be appreciated greatly . Perhaps I have a dud and just did n't know it .
 I was simply delighted to recive these legandary steam curlers for Christmas , I have always drempt of lovely luxerious curls and never found a way to achive such a look . I thought this was finally my chance.I followed the directions to a T and was wildly dispointed by the ultra uber subtle WAVE my uncurlable hair had obtained . I told myself that perhaps I had made a mistake still gung ho about providing volume and curl to my somewhat lifeless do . I tryed again ... sort of , I tryed to try again but the steamer refused to produce steam , once again I attributed it to user error and waited a bit for an additional attmpt . The last and final trial was equal unsuccsesful . My golden locks shall never be graced with lushious curls , I suppose . THANK YOU CURUSO FOR CRUSHING A YOUNGE LADY 'S HOPES AND DREAMS .
 `` May I complain that Caruso should supply the `` Comb Clips '' , with the small and petite rollers especially since they will probably be used by people with short hair . And these Comb clips should be available to purchase as a separate item , at least . I am very disappointed with the Caruso product . ''
 DONOT buy this . I owned 2 of these many years ago . The 1st lasted about 2 yrs. , the 2nd last a few months . I had been trying for years to find this in stores to no avail -LRB- now I see why no one wants to carry them -RRB- , after finding it here and ordering it , It lasted one week , went up in smoke after ONE WEEK . NEVER again !!
 Found the product very difficult to use and using one roller at a time is very inconvenient . Very disappointed with the product
 I can not imagine shipping this junk out to people . I used this steam set a long time ago and it worked perfectly for a long time . I just received this set and the unit gets hot but no steam and thus unusable . I had to call Helen of Troy and return the unit and hopefully they will send a new one plus the 7.00 I paid to ship the junk back to them . I can only say it is a hassle and HOPEFULLY the replacement works . Really a sad thing to make such junk . The 800 number for Caruso which is now owned by Helen of Troy is -LSB- ... -RSB- so far , I rate this product and service the worst . They should of sent me a new one while I sent the old one back so I do not have to wait for 2 weeks to get a replacement .
 I do n't think it 's necessarily the products fault . Maybe it just does n't work with my hair . I have another steam set that 's bigger and not as travel friendly but boy the results are unbeatable . I just ca n't travel with it , so I tried this one just to look super glam when I travel . What a disappointment . I 've used it twice . It curls , just that the curls are not smooth at all all crinkly and irregular . I do n't like it .
 I ordered this product to add volume to my hair and it did not hold the volume for more than 5 minutes ! It is a waste of money . .
 This product has some potential , but it 's not good for all types of hair . The curls lasted awhile , but the ends of my hair were very frizzy - and that was n't good - people were telling me I badly needed a trim .
 It did n't curl my hair as well as my old curlers which was a bummer . Seems for my naturally curly hair I need to blow dry my hair first and then it will curl from the rollers . I like when I can just roll my hair after naturally drying .
 I returned this product . I did not like the inconvenience of heating one roller at a time , and it seemed impossible to roll the hair without rolling it too tight because the foam gives so easily . I was not pleased with the results after only 1 try . I would not recommend this product .
 Sorry , it is a very cumbersome product.I do n't like it.Gave it away to my hairdresser.Description and Users-Guide should state that it is to STRAIGHTEN kinky hair with steam.I wanted a CURLER , not a starightener .
 I ordered these rollers because I was looking for something easy and different than the average-old hot rollers . I was terribly disappointed . I sat down and read the instructions and was prepared and ready to fix my hair for a Christmas party . My hair looks mamed and barely even curled -LRB- if thats what you want to call what it did actually do -RRB- . I spent a good hour reading up on the instructions , applying , and letting it set and now my hair is ruined and I have no time to re-do it with something that actually works . DO NOT ORDER THESE . I consider myself to have some decent skill when it comes to curling or styling my hair and this curling system just stinks . What a waste of $ 40 .
 Where do i start ? I am sorry but i ca n't believe they designed to hair . Not only that how did it make to amazon best seller list with 300 review ? HA wow ! I like my hair soft shiny and wavy . Guess what ? this product does the opposite . After blow dry my hair i used this rollers the result was hell ... It gives me a tight curl but my hair was dry , twinkled . The steam makes your hair raw , dry . It 's like putting a water on ur hair . Do not expect compliment or anything . worry about your hair . It was like abusing my hair . The next day or after a few hour try to brush ur hair , it is really difficult . The idea of steam does n't give the desired result . Even though i get tight curl , It was really wired curl it makes my hair away short and frizzy . You do n't want that . Thanks to return policy immediately return it . If you can find a good ceramics rollers are a way better . Are there any one that agrees with me ??
 This sucks i dont know if the whole product sucks or if I was just the lucky one that recieved a defective steamer it doesnt steam !!!!!!!!!!!!!! i followed directions to the T nothing works I Emailed Bust buy about it yesterday I recieved no response yet so so far the product sucks I have to return it and the customer service sucks !!!!!!!!
 The curlers would not stay put in my hair , not for fine hair . Also the clips were not easy to use
 I had this less than 2 months & it broke I returned it for credit @ Amazon just before my time was up . I would have been really upset if I were stuck with it after 45 days . I did not even use it every day .
 I used an earlier model for years with no problems . The rollers finally disentigrated and as I could get new rollers with the new model almost as cheaply as just buying the rollers separately , I bought the new one . It was great at first . Smaller , faster . But after less than 3 months ... it quit ! No warning signs , just stopped . I drug out my old model and fired it up . I travel some so I 'm glad it did n't give out on a trip . Could n't recommend it .
 Well , this product doesnt agree with me . I must be doing something very wrong here since there are some really great reviews . My curls just dont stay in ! I 've had an Avon hot roller system -LRB- dont really remember details -RRB- and it actually curled my hair much better than this Caruso kit . I think the moisture from the steam makes my curls flop . No matter how long I leave the rollers in , -LRB- half a day or maybe just 15 minutes -RRB- , I get no lasting curls . The sponges also wear out pretty quickly . I 've probably only used them two or three times and the sponges look like they already need replacing . My hair is very fine ... so probably hot curlers would work better . I mustered up two stars for this review because the kit comes with quite a lot of rollers ...
 I have purchased 4 or 5 Caruso hairsetters over the years and loved them ! I used them at least 5 days a week and they usually lasted 3 or 4 years . This one is different ... does n't heat up properly and would n't curl my hair . Since I used it , I did n't feel right about returning it . I still have the curlers to use with another unit . I do n't know if this is an isolated case or if the product quality has changed .
 Years ago I had a set of steam rollers which I loved . They were good for my naturally dry hair and worked really well . I 'm not sure what happened to them , but several moves and years later I wanted some again . Stores did n't seem to carry anything but hot rollers , so I was pleased to find some on Amazon.They are disappointingly flimsy and hard to use . They come with a lot of rollers , of different sizes , but it does n't make much difference . I have to wrap my hair around them very tightly to even get them to hold long enough to put on the clip . Maybe there 's a technique I do n't know about , but I 've used them several times and have n't found it any easier . If I manage to do it , I still like the way the steam works with my curly , dry hair . However , I wish they had a better roller system , with some way to catch and hold the hair .
 I used this 5-6 times and it will no longer steam . Going to see if I can get some response from company -LRB- not optomistic -RRB- but would not recommend and I would not buy this brand again .
 I bought the rollers to use on trips . It 's not really that compact since the rollers take up a lot of space.I have trouble getting the clips over the rollers , but am getting a little bit better with practice.I think my hair gets too wet with the steam . I prefer regular hot rollers .
 This hairsetter just wo n't produce much steam . It is the 2nd one I 've bought here . The first quit steaming at all . I guess the bargain ... was n't .
 I bought Caruso steam roller set and loved it . It 's quick and makes great curls and waves . In just under a year of intermittent use , though , it has stopped working . No steam will come out , and it 's not producing any heat . It happened suddenly , one day it worked , the next it did n't . I ca n't find a phone number for the company to complain about it . I read some other posts on other sites , and a lot of people have had the same problem . Apparently , the older models work for years and years -LRB- I have a friend who 's had hers for over 15 years , -RRB- but the newer ones break down within a year.I 'm very disappointed . I do n't want to buy a new one every year , and even if I did , you ca n't buy just the steamer.It 's a shame because when the product works , it works great.Just thought other people might want to know.T
 This is about the fourth Caruso I have owned in the last 15 years . I have had a few problems with them but never any as extreme as this one . The quality is a bit hit and miss on this model . I have read poor reviews about it at other sites but I decided to ignore them based on my previous experience with the product . That was a bad decision . My Caruso stopped working after 1 month of VERY LIMITED use . It just died . I have no idea what happened but I 'm not very happy about it . So far two of the ones I 've owned stopped working after about a year , two lasted several years , and this one lasted only 1 month . That 's not good .
 This cologne appeared to be around for a long time . The fragrance was not very strong . I have purchased other bottles from other sources where the color was almost clear . Where this cologne was a dark yellow . In the future if I cant find out how long ago it was bottled , I will not purchase it again .
 It appears Dana has changed the formula for success . I 've used Monsieur Musk for many years and this product is not the same . The fragrance is different from the original .
 I used Monsieur Houbiugant Musk cologne for thirty years . I love the scent especially after a time , how it blended with my body scent . People always told me I smelled like a just got out of the shower . No More ! Dana had changed the product and the result is a vegetable mustiness that is unpleasant . I am so disappointed that I can no longer have this product as it was . Dana , if you care , please return to the original formula.Joel
 The product was advertised as cologne but arrived as cologne spray . I have used this product since the 1970s and the quality/strength of this particular item is weak and does not last . Very disappointed . I 've purchased many bottles through Amazon and this is the first one that failed .
 this item had no smell to it -- cologne that you cant smell wow they should test products they let people sell here
 I ca n't smell a thing with this oil . It has absolutely no scent to me . Shipping was fast , but for all I know , this could be a bottle of tap water . I definitely will not be purchasing again .
 I ordered theses products and to my suprise the product was no good . I used this product for years and was never dissatisfied until I ordered from this seller
 I should have read the description more closely , especially at that price . I thought from the picture I was getting Angel scented lotion . It 's not . It 's kind of similar but to anyone who loves Angel perfume , it 's just not the same .
 In Which Nursing Home Do You Live?Angel Perfume reeks of chocolate-scented bathroom air freshener & some kind of orthopedic shoe powder with a Godforsaken undercurrent of nursing home pastries . Have some self respect , my friend ; whatever your age , you are too young for this aroma ...
 It is very drying and I do not recommend it at all for someone with sensitive/oily skin . You will find yourself reaching for the moisturizer more than one should , however if you want to use it for your body then its not a bad product . Oh yeah before I forget there is a smell to it , not bad , but herbal .
 I have been using Aloe Vera 80 facial wash for over 5 yearsand recently when receiving from Vitamin website , theproduct 's ingredients definitely have been changed.It smells like lye and stings my eyes horribly evenwhen washing with my eyes closed . I know that theingredients have changed but the Lily of the Desertfolks disagree . . Be VERY careful with this product ... much harsher solution
 It smells nice but this soap does clean well and it is hard to get it foamed .
 I have loved this fragrance for forty years . The last bottle I bought was near the end and I no longer live near my fragrance shop . I saw it on Amazon and thought &#34; yeah &#34; ! It is nothing like the wonderful scent it should be . . There is an unpleasant , metallic sort of finish to the scent . I looked into returning but found it could n't be done . I am stuck with an expensive bottle of disappointment .
 The Eau de toillette was not the original nor the package and the smell was all evaporated
 It has been many years since I 've used this product . It had been my exclusive scent for many years . The present scent is not as I remember it . Not at all . I ca n't imagine that I would have liked it back then if it smelled as it does today . I was very disappointed and returned it .
 I tried/own both the pink and the orangish colors and both work the same way . It is true that it goes on smooth and easy . You apply it with the pen and then smear it over your lips with your finger tip . However , the color wipes off easily even after letting it dry for over 15 minutes . I kept doing tests to see how long you had to leave it on before it would not wipe off , but even my 30 minute test did not work . The color still wipes off . I 'm disappointed because the colors are really pretty but the stuff just wo n't stay put . I have to keep reapplying it all day long . I bought the two colors because the product came so highly recommended by Alive magazine , but just goes to show you that you ca n't believe everything you read .
 i ordered this product on december 6 , in plenty of time for christmas ; it took several weeks to arrive . very undependable because of this .
 This product stinks . Whatever you think I mean , you are correct . Leaves a bit of a greasy feel and the smell makes me nauseous . I can only descibe it as an `` old hair-tonic '' odor , like something my grandfather may have used . I just threw away a near-new tube . If you do n't like that stiff feel , this may be okay for you . I just could n't get past the `` fragrance . ''
 I have used this product for years , but this time it appears to have changed . It was always a firm gel which was easy to handle and apply . This tube is more of a liquid , very runny , and hard to use . I 'm not sure if the manufacturer has changed the formula , or if it is just this one tube , but it is not what I am used to .
 Do n't bother with this cream . All it did was make my skin dry and ` thirsty . ' It did n't do anything with the wrinkles at all . In my opinion it is a complete gimmic and comes from a dubious and ` unregulated ' source . A complete waste of money .
 I like the idea of this mask but I believe it could be improved with some tweaking :1 . Do n't pack it so full of `` natural buckwheat , rice and spice '' so ita . can not conform to your eye area ; b. make it virtually impossible to get the `` filling '' out to wash the cover -LRB- a larger opening ? -RRB- andc . heavy ... it just feels heavy on your face and not in a good way . Perhaps altering the balance of `` filling '' in favor of the lighter , buckwheat hulls .2 . Make the strap a soft , wide , fabric-covered elastic . The plain fabric strap with velcro is uncomfortable and the hook part of the velcro gets tangled in your hair easily .
 This item was intended to be a gift , and the actual packaging looked much more like standard shampoo and not the bottle that 's shown . The scent was not very appealing , and it arrived leaking . Went to the store and bought something nicer -LRB- though smaller -RRB- for the same price .
 I thought this item merely had new packaging , since the name is exactly the same as that of a product I 've been happily using for years - NOT SO ! It 's entirely different , the only similarity being that it bubbles in the bath . There 's almost no fragrance -LRB- an important feature in a relaxing bath ! -RRB- , and it does n't soften the bath water or the skin as the old product did . It might be an OK shower scrub , but that 's not why I bought it - I 'm very disappointed , and will not be ordering it again . NO stars !
 Not only did it break in 3 days , but it died by turning bright red and smelling and vibrating . it was a very scary thing to have close to my head.I will be writing the company next.I could go on about the product , how the comb is too sharp and the med and high buttons blew the same , but I think it 's far more important for people to know this model is a DANGER.Please AVOID.It needs to be recalled .
 Got this for my wife , for her birthday . It worked good for the first few days and the it sounded like the bearing in the motor broke . Sent it back , would not buy this brand again.No problem in returning it .
 Item didnt work properly . could only put on low heat , otherwise blow dryer would cut off . Needless to say , i wasnt happy withthe outcome . . Hair was still damp and not straight enough . I had to go to CVS and purchase one of theirs which is different and worked just fine
 This is the worst hairdryer I have ever owned . I might have a defective one , but it makes the most horrible screaching sound when you turn it on AND it overheats in less than 3 minutes . I do not recommend buying it . I would return it , but I no longer have the packaging and my receipt . Do n't buy this item .
 This hair dryer has other reviews that are the same as mine . Do not buy this product , the quality is bad . Mine only lasted for three uses and it broke . Many other people have had the same experience . Why the vendors keep selling this is a mystery . It is crap .
 I ordered this item and it is not an `` ionic '' dryer as described -LRB- note the misspelling which should have been a clue -RRB- . There is no `` ion '' on/off switch as described . Also , brush bristles started falling out as soon as I opened the box . I returned it immediately . Very disappointed in this product !
 I usually use Conair products but decided to try something new . Bad choice ! The hairdryer overheats 4-5 times per blowdry . You have to turn it off and wait about 3-5 minutes for it to cool down in order to use it again . I 'm also not a huge fan of the attachments . When I use the brush attachment , my hair does n't really stay in the brush . The force of the dryer blows my hair out of the way so it 's essentially useless.Go for the Conair !!!
 My old Vidal Sassoon 1600 finally lost many of the teeth in the combs , so I bought the VS540 Salon 1875 hair dryer . From the start it was VERY noisy , and then I think the bearings started to fail . It was ratting and whining , and then started to make an overheatine smell . I threw the thing away . Fortunately , the new combs still fit the old hair dryer , so I 'm happily using it . Based on my experience , I think this is a really bad product .
 all i have to say is that it does not work after 2 times
 I tried Grecian Formula 16 Haircolor , Liquid with Conditioner , 8 oz. , on and off for several months . I 've never been a big fan of outright dying my hair because I feel you 're trying to hide what makes you who you really are . I 'm not embarrassed by gray hair because I 've had it ever since I was a late teen , but I would n't mind decreasing the amount of gray that I have . I 'd prefer the salt/pepper look rather to having all gray.The first thing I noticed about this product is the awful smell when you rub it into your hair and scalp . Thankfully the smell quickly dissipates when it dries . This product supposedly changes your hair back to it 's natural color but I noticed that it changed my hair to a pale yellow . When my co-workers began asking me what was going on with my hair , I decided to stop using this product . It might work fine for some customers but it did n't work very well for me . It took several weeks for my hair to turn back to its natural gray after I stopped using it . In addition , this product contains Lead Acetate and I 'm not sure it 's a good idea to be using this stuff in the first place . Just because you can purchase a health or beauty product does not make it safe.Please rate this review if you found it helpful .
 Wow this stuff smells awful ! First day for using this stuff , I put some on , wow !! stunk so bad ! strong smell ! I immediately washed my hair again to try to get the stuff out before going to work . After washing my hair , the smell was just as strong . I smelled it all day . I 'm quite sure that everyone within 10 feet of me also smelled it . It is not a pleasant smell . I 'd much rather have grey hair than stink all day . Also made my hands stink , even after washing four times .
 I have used Clinique 's Quick Corrector wand in Light for over 15 years , basically as my only foundation makeup because I have redness of the T-zone area , which product blended very well with my natural fair skin tone . Recently to my dismay they discontinued Quick Corrector , and I was told by the sales associate that Line Smoothing Concealer had replaced it . I purchased the product in Light , which went on the face very similarly to Quick Corrector , a little heavier consistency but good coverage , and all seemed fine until I took a really good look at myself in the mirror ; to my horror , there was a distinct orangy cast which continued to the borders of my un-madeup face , so it appeared I was wearing a mask . I mailed the product back to Clinique and they sent me a refund , so I have been shopping around for a similar concealer -LRB- mostly on Amazon , who thank goodness stocks just about any brand you want to try -RRB- , and happened upon an Estee Lauder concealer wand called DoubleWear Flawless Wear Concealer in their color 01 Light , and am happy to report that THIS is the replacement for the Quick Corrector wand in color Light that I have been searching for as a perfect match to my skin tone . Great coverage and same consistency as Quick Corrector , and no lines of demarcation . Remember that Estee Lauder is the parent company of Clinique , so if you too are a disappointed former Quick Corrector user , try the Lauder concealer for a better color match , and it is priced only about $ 5 more than Clinique 's concealers . If you only use concealer in small sections of your face , than the Line Smoothing may not cause discoloration for you and I wish you well , because both products feel comfortable on the skin and are quality concealers .
 I have used Clinique 's Quick Corrector wand in Light for over 15 years , basically as my only foundation makeup because I have redness of the T-zone area , which product blended very well with my natural fair skin tone . Recently to my dismay they discontinued Quick Corrector , and I was told by the sales associate that Line Smoothing Concealer had replaced it . I purchased the product in Light , which went on the face very similarly to Quick Corrector , a little heavier consistency but good coverage , and all seemed fine until I took a really good look at myself in the mirror ; to my horror , there was a distinct orangy cast which continued to the borders of my un-madeup face , so it appeared I was wearing a mask . I mailed the product back to Clinique and they sent me a refund , so I have been shopping around for a similar concealer -LRB- mostly on Amazon , who thank goodness stocks just about any brand you want to try -RRB- , and happened upon an Estee Lauder concealer wand called DoubleWear Flawless Wear Concealer in their color 01 Light , and am happy to report that THIS is the replacement for the Quick Corrector wand in color Light that I have been searching for as a perfect match to my skin tone . Great coverage and same consistency as Quick Corrector , and no lines of demarcation . Remember that Estee Lauder is the parent company of Clinique , so if you too are a disappointed former Quick Corrector user , try the Lauder concealer for a better color match , and it is priced only about $ 5 more than Clinique 's concealers . If you only use concealer in small sections of your face , than the Line Smoothing may not cause discoloration for you and I wish you well , because both products feel comfortable on the skin and are quality concealers .
 I liked this lips stain but the bottle does not close tightly . While closing the first bottle . I broke the lid . I took it back and it was replaced but I was warned that it was a delicate lid . When I was careful not to close the second bottle too tight , it opened up IN MY PURSE ! . I think I should get a refund . But I 'm done with this stain . Bobbie Brown has a creamy stain that does n't drip and lasts just as long and stays moist .
 i wanted a true NUDE color . after hearing what a perfect nude this was , and because i love nars , i tried it.i do not like the color at all.I 'm fair skinned with brown eyes and dark skin , and this is very orangey . when i wanted my lips to be very neutral and nude , they stand out like a sore thumb against the rest of my makeup.unfortunately , my hubby threw away the packaging , so i ca n't return it ...
 This stuff sound like it would be great . In reality , the fragrance is more like a cheap after shave - and strong !
 BUYER BEWARE ! This company charges $ 8.80 for shipping of ANY and ALL items purchased ! I ordered a single lipstick , along with other items from other sellers , and without realizing it , clicked `` ok '' to this ridiculous shipping charge . When I realized what had happened , I tried to contact the company . The receptionist basically said , `` Too bad , '' so I asked to speak with a manager who also said , `` Too bad '' and then he HUNG UP ON ME !!! I immediately contacted the manufacturer to let them know , but ultimately , nothing was done to rectify the situation . I will order directly from the manufacturer from now on and will tell everyone to avoid Cache Beauty at ALL costs . Incidentally , I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE the lipstick itself !!! Order from L'Paige in Dallas directly !
 First the bottle is not sealed and when I opened it was half empty , so I got 1 oz instead of 2 . I don ; t know if that manufacturer or seller fault , it does n't matter . I am using this product every day -LRB- morning and evening -RRB- on my broken capillary veins on legs and there is no difference at all . I 've read that 5 % vit K cream might help , maybe products with horse chestnut and rutin.I am using compression socks , and when I take them off at night capillaries are almost invisible , but this is only temporary effect , they are back in the morning . I also use cold shower massages and keep my legs elevated , but being pregnant does n't help much ; -RRB-
 I followed their instructions but did n't notice any change in the appearance of the spider veins . Spider veins go in my family and I 've had them from an early age - perhaps this might work better for age related ones , but I doubt it .
 Not what I expected . I 've read that `` Ungaro III '' was a rose scent for men , but it does n't smell like rose to me.The description says it contains `` cirtus , lavender , rose , woods , and spicy notes '' . I smell citrus and lavender , but no rose at all.Overall , just not a pleasant scent .
 Its not what I expected , it smells like cheap 5 dollar perfume , dont waste your money on this one , its not worth it ... Just not a pleasant scent
 It smelled like I mixed a bottle of Old Spice and a bottle of Brut . . but what can you really expect for the price ? On the plus side the scent can easily last 6-8 hours.Anyways , Ungaro III is a dark variety of cologne . Armani Code is far superior dark , but is also much pricier .
 The smell of this brand was not good . . strong scentOk . . my husband loves Luciano Soprano -LRB- used to be able to buy at Nordstrom 's -RRB- , however ; I ca n't find his cologne ANYWHERE ... . with a rush for x-mas , I decided to get these samples . What a waste . . it wa n't even the cologne I was trying to find ... Oh well
 Poorly shipped , expensive , I will never do that mistake again . I could have picked up 5 in the store for the same price . Ouch . Not worth it !
 I like the feel of the gel , not too sticky and not too hard . On my hair it did n't clump up or get hard . The gel did hold my sides back ... to a limit . It did n't hold it all day , just 2-3 hours or less . But that 's not why it got a low rating from me . It contains petroleum and minerals not good for the hair . I ended up throwing it out because you do n't need something unhealthy on your hair when the goal is to have healthy hair .
 I sent a return notice with know response . This item was sent with defect . I would like to return it !
 The product that I ordered was not the product that I have gotten in the past from beauty supply stores . This product was supposed to be gel , but this was a strong chemical scented liquid . Weather could not have been a factor since the product was never in extreme heat while in transit . This was my first bad experience I have ever encountered with online purchases . If you are thinking about ordering this particular product ... DO N'T !
 I recently purchased this product and I am very disappointed . Everything negative that they say is not true of this product , is actually true . It leaves a flaky tacky looking mess in your hair . It looks like you have really bad dandruff.I regret buying it , because the place where I purchased it will not accept returns on these kinds of items . Do yourself a favor and spend your money on something else .
 It dos not even come close to Germaine Montiel 's formula . It does not have the basic scent of Royal Secret Bath Oil . I will not order it again.Jeanne Donnelly
 Does not heat well enough to curl lashes ; connection is bad so you may think you need a new battery , but you do n't . I previously had the Emjoi which disintegrated and it was a much better product ; however , Amazon no longer sells it .
 Do n't waste your money on this product . It only heated up one time with a new battery & it never got hot after the first time . I bought a Blink heated eyelash curler & it works great .
 When I received the heated eyelash curler , the curler tip was broken and the handle was dirty -LRB- sticky glue -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for . I usually do n't order items online because I prefer to look at items carefully before buying them . I do n't like the hassles of returning items -LRB- pay postage to return , drive to the post office and wait for another one -RRB- . I am disappointed and might not buy anything online again .
 OPENED THIS PRODUCT AND SAW IT WAS FAKE SO I THREW IT AWAY . THAT WAS A FRADULENT WAY OF MAKING MONEY FROM ME .
 This product contains LECITHIN!LECITHIN is an egg protein its NOT listed on the bottle as the warning !! DO NOT USE IF YOU HAVE AN EGG ALLERGY!My niece nearly had to go to the ER !
 Many cream available in Walmart or target for 5-10 bucks does the same job like this one.For mental satisfaction you can buy if you have extra money . Bye the way I used this whole bottle and going to go with Walmart stuff .
 First let me say the spray itself was fine.How ever ... When it was delivered the box was wet and it had a strong scent , turns out the bottle had leaked all over the box!I thought it was the mail service at fault at first but on opening the box I was shocked ! 1 . The box for the spray itself was already opened . -LRB- previously used maybe ? -RRB- 2 . The cap for for the bottle was no where to be found .3 . There was no packaging . -LRB- it was free to bounce around spilling all over the place . -RRB- 4 . Only about half of the bottle of perfume made it to my house .5 . Lastly because you ca n't return flammable items in the mail ?? -LRB- so I was told -RRB- I 'm stuck with it and out 44.00 dollars.I 'm really disappointed with amazon at the moment.I 've been very loyal to them and I think they should treat their customer 's right .
 I ordered Ralph Rocks which has been my favorite for many years . When I got it I opened it up and right away I noticed a different cap on it . When I sprayed the perfume I know right away that it was not Ralph Rocks . They put a different perfume in the Rocks bottle . I am very upset . DO NOT ORDER from this company !!!!!
 I received this product and it had leaked and was only 3/4 full . I sent an e mail but have heard no reply : -LRB-
 THE PERFUME I BELEIVE WAS WATERED DOWN , SECONDLY I AM VERY ANGRY THAT I PAYED FOUR DOLLARS FOR GIFT WRAPPING AND WHAT I GOT WAS A BOX IN A BOX FILLED WITH PAPER SHAVINGS , I USUALLY LOVE YOUR COMPANY BUT THIS TIME I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED AND WOULD LOVE MY MONEY BACK , AT LEAST THE $ 4.00 FOR THE GIFT WRAPPING . THE WHOLE GIFT WAS A DISSAPOINTMENT . SINCERELY ROBERT LAWERENCE
 Upon using this product as a shampoo , my toddler rubbed his eyes quite a lot during and after the bath . He became upset and wanted to get out of the bath , which he normally enjoys . Later , trying the product myself as a test -- it irritated my eyes !! This product is not `` Tear Free , '' and will likey irritate your child 's eyes . It 's unconscionable that Burt 's Bees are marketing this as a baby product .
 Has good ingredients and could be nice to have around when your go-to products are out ... BUT not sure what all the hoopla has been about . Definitely not a must-have .
 I purchased Vatika hair oil after reading so many outstanding reviews . From my first use , I had amazing results . My 4A-B hair became extremely soft and manageable . I liked the product so much that I purchased the four-pack just a few days after . I also purchased Vatika skin cream for hyperpigmentation . Within 48 hours however I began feeling ill and blister-like lesions appeared on the back of my neck . In very small print on the skin cream container , the last ingredient listed is formaldehyde . Online research reveals that formaldehyde is a known carcinogenic chemical that can possibly cause cancer and severe allergic reactions including lesions on the neck . It is very disturbing that the Vatika manufacturer would include formaldehyde in a cosmetic skin formulation marketed as ayurvedic . It is even more disturbing , however , that this ingredient is omitted from the list of ingredients on the Amazon description of Vatika skin cream . Although formaldehyde is not listed as an ingredient on this Vatika hair oil , I have decided to discontinue use of all Vatika products . Outstanding results notwithstanding , I will not potentially risk my health and well-being for beauty 's sake .
 I was really excited about trying out this product , but it was not what I had expected . The texture was rather surprising . Instead of a thick liquid , it was more solid and lumpy like grits . This made it difficult to get out of the bottle and apply evenly to the hair .
 I odered this product because the seller shown in his/her ad the identical products given to me as a gift.Dabur Vatika Hair Oil 300ml -LRB- Pack of 2 Bottles -RRB- The bottle per the picture is the same and two 300ml of Dabur Vatika Hair Oil equal to 10.14 fl oz -LRB- 300ml -RRB- each was suppose to come . In addition , 2 bottles were suppose to come each weighing 300ml . I received 2 tall bottle of Vatika oil in different bottles of dark greenDabur Vatika Enriched Coconut Hair Oil-300Ml -LRB- 150Ml X 2 -RRB- and the content is close to 150ml per bottle . So instead of receiving in total 600ml -LRB- 2 Bottles -RRB- which was promised by the seller I received approximately 300ml -LRB- 2 Bottles -RRB- . This is total classic `` bait and swicth '' and I hold Amazon.com responsible for their part in this because other people have written about this . But I dont know if I was the same seller.I am not wasting anymore money trying to ship this product back . In addition , it came from out of the country . This has lowered the high standards Amazon has earned with me . To retify this Amazon you would have to send me free of charge and shipping of the correct version of the order I place . That is 2 300ml of Vatika Hair oil in the light colored lime green bottles.The products I received appeared oiled down . I used the original verson so I recognize this substitute . Shameless for the seller to do this
 I have been using Mizani Therma Strength for a long time and I love it . I usually buy it local but the price on Amazon was about 10.00 less so I decided to purchase it through Amazon . Well the reason why it 's 10.00 less is because this is a fake knock off ! The picture of the product shown online here is not what you will get . I compared my current bottle to the one I received and there were definitely discrepancies . What a let down . Sold by NewvoBeauty and Fulfilled by Amazon .
 My stylist uses this sometimes , so I bought it . The smell was nice , but a little strong for me . Like someone else said , it 's very perfume like , but not my taste.It did n't leave my hair shiny , but it did leave an unpleasant feel to it.I prefer Mizani 's Thermasmooth Smooth Guard Serum ; it 's much lighter , in smell & texture .
 I did n't find this product to be that great . I would not be repurchasing this . I did love the smell ... very much like a perfume .
 I was so psyched to buy this straightener , and I loved it for like 2 weeks . Then I noticed that the ceramic coating on was starting to come off . Less than two months later , my straightener has huge exposed sections of metal . Worse yet , the manufacturer -LRB- Helen of Troy -RRB- will only exchange it for a new one -- which will take at least 3 weeks and simply give me yet another faulty product . I have a smaller product from the same manufacturer and it 's also doing the same thing -- I 'd highly recommend against this product .
 I bought this straightener TWO times . . the first time i had it for about 8 months . My friend had bought the straightener and I fell in love , so I bought my own . The first 8 months were heaven . I straightened my hair all the time . Then , at 8 months , one of the plates stopped working ! For a while i used it , but it took forever , and did n't straighten my hair well at all . I decided to buy another , thinking that it was just a defect on the first . I bought the other and it did n't work nearly as well as I had remembered ! In fact , it stopped heating up all together within 3 months !! Another friend of mine bought this same straightener and it caused problems for her as well . We have both decided against buying this one again , obviously , and I would reccommend you do , too . I have heard that the newest Conair straightener is wonderful , and comes with a two-year warranty , so I would n't have to pay again , if it did the same thing to me that this one did . DO N'T BUY IT ! unless , of course , you enjoy being ripped-off ...
 As a teenager with medium length , THICK , very curly hair , I have always wanted straight hair . Blow drying and products made my hair worse , so when I finally had my hair professionally straightened for a dance , I was over joyed ! As soon as I got out of the salon , I went to buy a flat iron of my own - and ended up with this iron . As I learned to use the iron , I got decently straight hair - but not as nice as the salon . I had to go over each tiny stand many times and the whole job took over an hour . Getting up an hour earlier inorder to be at school in time was a hardship , but I would do anything for straight hair . To my dismay , I would spend a whole hour perfecting my hair , but I 'd take a lap in my first period p.e. class , and it would be frizzy again . Sometimes , just walking from my car into the school with our Washington foggy mornings would bring back the curls . Finally , my iron starting slowly dying after about six months . When I think about the hours I 've spent infront of my mirror ironing my hair - and the imperfect and sort-lived results of this iron , I am disapointed . I have a Sedu iron coming in the mail soon .
 I am an African American woman with long , chemically relaxed hair . As a full-time undergraduate student , I can not afford to visit the salon on a weekly basis . I purchased this flat iron on a whim at the market because my previous flat iron had recently shorted out -LRB- it was an older model with no swivel cord -RRB- . I chose this flat iron because it was the same brand as my last one , and I was overwhelmingly satisfied with its performance . I can not say the same for this product.In retrospect , it does exactly what it claims to do , but nothing beyond that . With my previous flat iron , I could straighten and style my layered hair at the same time , which significantly cut the amount of heat and damage my hair had to endure . Any attempts to style my hair were underwhelming to say the least . After using the flat iron , my hair looked fizzy and unkempt , and even a bit damaged . Any curls I managed to produce looked undefined and limp . It was by chance that I purchased a curling iron in addition to the flat iron , and was able to successfully style my hair after wrapping my hair overnight and applying frizz control serum.Needless to say , you wo n't be able to produce that `` fresh from the salon '' look with this flat iron , which is sadly exactly what I needed . I do not feel confident about my hair when stepping out of the house after using this product . If you do n't use this tool for anything but sleek , straight looks and have a bottle of frizz serum handy , then this is a great product for you . While I am not happy with its results , it will have to do for now . I 'll be saving for a better iron while praying that straightening AND curling my hair does n't leave it severely damaged .
 When I first bought this straightner i thought it was great ! Afterall , it was my first straightner . It works good for the first couple of months but then it gradually starts to become less and less satisfying . The paint started chipping away and hair always gets snagged in it . My hair is long , not thick nor fine , and has a little wave to it . When I straightned it , I always had to press really hard down or else I 'd have to run the straightner through one section about one billion times ! Also , about 4 hours into the day , my hair would be back to normal . One day i turned it on and noticed that it wasnt straightening correctly . So I touched the plastic part of the left plate and it was COLD . Then I lightly brushed the right one and i literally burned my finger ! That was the end of that straightner ! My friends have ELite Professionals , Chi , Wigo , Remington and all adore theirs . I 'm researching straightners now and my top choices are Sedu , Wigo , and Remington . Hope I have better luck with one of those !
 with in the first 4 days and only 3 uses my bottom plate was already flaking ... it catches your hair and the only to get it out is to pull which does hurt ... it works ok the first couple of times but i find i am scared to put it on a high temp cuz i dont want it to flake so if you have 30 $ and you want this product keep saving and get a better one ... this product is not worth your time
 I have gone through 3 of these straighteners -LRB- i know , you think I would have learned ! -RRB- however , my first one was lost , my second one stopped working in a matter of months , and the third one stop working in less than a month !! I purchased the third one -LRB- despite what happened with the second one I had bought -RRB- because it was an affordable price , I liked the size , and when the second one I had did work it worked well . Unfortunately in a matter of a few weeks one of the plates burned out so only one side works -LRB- causing obvious problems -RRB- . I would recommend the sedu it has gotten great reviews and is more expensive , but I think when it comes to straighteners you get what you pay for !
 This product hurts and ripps out your hair when you use it . It also leaves ur hair smelling bur n't and smokey . When you go out and it is humid ur hair will go back to its normal self and get very frizzy . The only good thing is that it does not break easily .
 i bought this and it does not work . it takes forever for it to heat up and it doesnt get hot enough for it to actually straighten your hair . plus if you have fine hair like me , it gets caught in the plastic seams . it was the absolute worst purchase ever !
 THIS EAU THE TOILETTE STANK , I DO NOT THINK IT WAS A ORIGINAL IT CAME NOT WRAPTUP IN CELLOPHANE LIKE ALL PERFUME USUALY COME IN AND THE BOTTLE had bumps and deformation in the glass .
 The first time I bought this model it wored pretty well and I had no problems with it , but it died in about a year . Then , I guess Vidal Sassoon decided to make crapola products since I bought a black VS straightner thinking it would work well but that was HORRIBLE ! So then I decided to buy this model again since it did me so well the first time . BAD IDEA . It gets hot and fries your hair to the max but does n't straighten worth crap . I bet I could straighten better with my breath ! Unless you want to fry your hair and get nothing out of it , I suggest you start looking at a different straightener NOW !
 I do n't know the other person who made the health warning , but this IS true . Hair care products - especially thoses marketed to African Americans -RRB- that contain placenta -LRB- an xenoestrogen -RRB- have been found to cause breast cancer , uterine fibroids , etc. . Ever wonder why so many African American women have these problems , compared to their European or Asian American peers ? I 'll be having my 2nd major surgery soon to get rid of more tumors . If only I knew that many cosmetics , hair care products , and even plastics were harmful to me !
 I am a believer in the `` live and let live '' philosophy , so I am only putting this out there FYI for anyone who may benefit.More and more , the environmental estrogens -LRB- xenoestrogens -RRB- found everywhere around us are being linked to breast cancer , uterine cancer , early puberty , excess body fat , accelerated aging , early menopause , adrenal imbalance , endometriosis , poor thyroid function , low sex drive , cervical dysplasia , migraines , depression , fybromyalgia , autoimmune diseases , and many other problems.Environmental estrogens are found in everything , from plastics and personal products to our food and water . Most people are estrogen-dominant and have no idea . On top of that , placenta products cause a huge surge of additional unnecessary estrogen in the body -- enough that that thay have been shown to send young girls into early puberty.If you have any of the health problems listed above , be wary of the risks of such products , especially before using them on your children.Google
 This thing hurts . Maybe okay to use on the bottoms of your feet , but to scrub on sensitive parts of your body ?? Owwww .
 I applied the Bjore as directed on the package , and used it for about a week . I noticed that the `` shine control '' only seemed to last about 10 minutes , and left my skin feeling dry and cracked . The other problem I encountered is that it caused me to break out with acne everywhere I applied it .
 I 've used a number of AHAVA products and I do n't think they are worth the packaging they 're sent in . There really is nothing exceptional about Dead Sea minerals or mud , and its not worth the cost to human lives by buying AHAVA products , since they use Palestinian resources that are illegally appropriated , according to international law , and as recognized by the United Nations .
 I received this cream as a gift . Since I do n't like wasting things I tried using it even though I was uncomfortable with the origin of the product -LRB- Ahava is made from natural resources from the Occupied West Bank by an Israeli business located in an illegal settlement -RRB- . After using it once or twice I decided the quality was mediocre . For me , the average quality of the cream plus the questionable ethics of the manufacturer makes the use of this or any other Ahava product -- even one received as a gift -- extremely unappealing .
 The bottle says take the water squirter off to get the body wash - which is fine . But how do you use the water squirter ? Anyone know ?
 after hearing so much about this conditioner , I bought it because it was recommended to me by my hairdresser along with La maur 's Bone Marrow . Bone Marrow is a better product . It leaves my hair shiny and silky and I can comb it immediately . I left this product on my hair for about 20 minutes , and my hair was all in tangles . I could hardly comb it out . I broke so much hair trying to comb my hair after rinsing it , I could n't believe it . My hair was shiny but it does n't detangle your hair . Let your hair dry first and then comb it out , it works a bit better . Also , I had just dyed my hair , which is a shade from black . I used this a few days after and it took out half the color . I will not be buying this again .
 Why did you get rid of success ? I used Kolestral Concentrate in the tube for DECADES and LOVED it ; best procuct in the world !! THIS product is not even close . have tried it and not at all satisfied . I am desperate to find some of the old Kolestral.PLEASE bring back your original Kolestral .
 This Product is terrible ... I went to the beauty supply store to get Kolestral by Wella and they did n't have it . But instead , they had Wella In-Depth . So , i figured i would just try it . IT WAS HORRIBLE ... It was REALLY watery and did n't condition my hair at all . Not to mention , it made me break out in a rash on my neck . I do n't know why they discontinued Kolestral . That was a better conditioner . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!
 I agree with `` Live in Alabama '' . ! I 've also used Kolestral Concentrate in the tube for YEARS and found it to work VERY WELL ! I do n't understand why it was discontinued ! I -LRB- too -RRB- am desperate to find some of the old Kolestral . PLEASE bring back your original Kolestral .
 This product is not the same as the old Wella Kolestral , which would leave hair soft , rich and radiant.This product does not contain lanolin as the old one did . After using this treatment , my hair was not really improved much at all . I used the old Wella Kolestral for over 30 years -- This product can not come near to thequality of the old one.Sharon Hill
 when i orderd this product i was excited to recieve this cologne . When I opened it , is was not what i expected . It smelled totally fake it wasnt real . Eventough everything seemed to be in order you just got to be careful . Never going to purchase something from this seller again . Next time i should be more careful look up a bit of information about the seller before deciding to purchase because of the price . i rather purchase stuff from a buissness with a contact number and website just to be more careful . Very unhappy i lost twenty dollars from this purchase learned a lesson .
 I feel like that it is water down . It smells good at first but then it does n't stick . I ask everyone if they can smell my cologne and they can not . I had sprayed it 3 times over my body . 2 Stars because I can smell a feint of it .
 I have used this product for years and very familiar with it 's long lasting fragrance and scent . When I first used this product I purchased online though Amazon , I noticed within a half hour , I could no longer smell the scent of the cologne ? I continued to use on and off for a couple of weeks and again within a half hour I could n't even detect the fragrance and friends and family confirmed NO scent at all . I 'm completely dissapointed with my purchase and would NOT order Chrome from Azzaro through Amazon again !! I will say in Amazon 's defense , they did refund my total purchase for this item ; - -RRB-
 DO NOT BUY , this seller sold me a old bottle of Azzaro Chrome . It lasts for roughly 15mins before the disappears . I am a cologne collector and I know a thing or two about cologne and this is definitely an old example of Azzaro Chrome . I am so angry and upset that I am going to make sure that I get my money back by either the seller or my credit card company . Just as it is illegal to sell expired food it should be illegal to sell expired cologne . In my professional opinion it is always best to purchase cologne from department stores . Freshness is key to cologne . When it is fresh it is vibrant and long lasting . A key indicator of when a cologne is old is when it smells like alcohol and it has very poor lasting power . All in all , I regret the purchase . Poor quality product from a seller who deals in old merchandise . They should be removed from amazon .
 I HAD A VERY BAD EXPERIENCE WITH THIS PRODUCT THE SELLER SEND TO ANOTHER STATE MY ORDER WHICH THE ORIGINAL DESTINATION WAS MIAMI FL . I DID N'T RECEIVED IT AND THEN THEY SAY THAT I CANCELED MY ORDER . THATS NOT TRUE I WAS EXPECTING MY ORDER BUT INSTEAD OF THAT I GET MY MONEY BACK.A BAD EXPERIENCE .
 I have very sensitive skin and this did not work for me . The first night I put it on I woke up to about 5 or 6 new bumps ! It broke me out terribly ! I dont have very bad acne , but this sure did make my face worse !
 this product really irritated my my skin , turn my face super red will not be buying this product again ! If anybody who is reading this your better off using a moisturizer from cerave which is really gentle
 I bought two boxes of this moisturizer and was concerned that the boxes that I received , while named the same , came in boxes different from that pictured -LRB- and different from that which I have been using . -RRB- I asked about it and the vendor was terse in response , indicating that the photo of the item is not their responsibility or control . They offered that I can return the item but who wants to go through that effort if they can just get a good answer to their questions . I also questioned the age of the inventory as the color of the moisturizer in the tube was different that the tube I had just finished -LRB- purchased from a local store . -RRB- I was always given the option to return the item and I chose not to because of the effort required on the purchaser 's part , but I suspect that the answers I was given may not have been entirely true .
 Got the product fine know it works good but my credit card info was stolen and this was the only site I bought from . Ca n't trust the user at the other end of buy now - BE CAREFUL
 I was not very happy with this product . I use 3 bottles and ca n't tell that it did anymore for me than the walmart brand of cocoa butter . It did nothing for firming and has a bad smell to it .
 while the cream itself is pleasantthe odor/scent is so unpleasant to methat I can not bear to use itI will not buy it againand if I ca n't foist it off on a family memberwill have to pitch itand yes , I did try it a number of times
 I Heart BB products but this shampoo + conditioner line is awful . The shampoo does not lather well at all which makes you overuse the product and the conditioner is very very light not moisturizing like it implies . I used this set for about 2 weeks and my hair looked and felt awful . I switched back to the gentle line + Coco line and my hair was happy again . Just not for me . I have very thick hair and this did nothing for it but make it flat/limp/frizzy .
 I have tried every single shampoo/conditioner Bumble and bumble makes , and I 'm a big fan of most of their products ... which is why I was surprised by how awful this one is . It looks good , it smells good , the description sounds good - yet it leaves my hair weighted down , tangled and completely unmanageable , especially if used with the Alojoba conditioner . I 've yet to try another shampoo that manages to make my hair frizzy , yet heavy and greasy-feeling all at once - quite a feat . If you 're looking for a Bumble shampoo that will leave your hair soft , shiny and luxurious , go for Creme de Coco .
 I love , * love * Bumble and Bumble products , and perhaps if I did n't have fine hair and/or hard water I would love this shampoo ... but as it is , it 's probably the worst product I 've ever put in my hair . It made it flat and lifeless and it felt greasy . This is a `` low suds '' shampoo , and I did n't get any suds at all . Both it and the conditioner felt slimy when I put them on . Again , the slimy feeling may be because I have hard water , and the limp/lifeless hair may be because I have the wrong kind of hair to use this shampoo , but after trying it for three weeks all I can say is , `` yuck !! ''
 I puchased both this and the matching conditioner . After two bottles of each , my hair started to feel heavy -- like I hand ' t rinsed it adequately , even though I know I had . I cancelled my auto ship order after two times .
 Item was not the same as original store bought I had last time . I returned item but be aware it may be opened or counterfeit .
 Have used this product for years ... What I received from vendor was in correct bottle but either was not the correct product or had turned bad and changed colors ... Not at all satisfied ...
 I agree with the previous reviewer . If this was the real thing , I would have commented on its quality but this is surely counterfeit . The liquid inside is orange and nothing like the real thing at all !
 The item sent to me was a counterfeit product , nothing like the real thing . The bottle looks like the actual bottle , but it 's full of some cheap liquidy shampoo that smells like baby shampoo . Amazon 's investigating the seller . Do n't get scammed .
 10 stars for the great scent but doesnt last more than 5 minutes!the scent itself as a storm of cinnamon prelude followed by port wine , leather , and sensational basenote of tobacco.too bad longevity is close to none .
 I have a real bottle of this at home , which I purchased from a department store , and the bottle I received here is not the same product . It 's close to the same scent but not the same . Much sweeter than the real spray.Also , the wrap on the outside of the bottle smells so bad you will need to cut it off if you decide to keep it . It makes an entire room smell . Burberry would never send a product packaged in a material that smells worse than burning tires.Definitley a knock off ! I 'm returning it .
 I bought this scent because I smelled it on a friend and loved it !!! ... BUT the one I received from Amazon is NOT the same , even though I ordered the exact item -LRB- I had his bottle in my hand and ordered the exact title , amount , strength - toilette ... -RRB- I would love to return the item , but I no longer have the box it came in ... and both my husband and I have had adverse reactions to this item -LRB- nautious -RRB- . Is there anyway this purchase can be rectified ?
 This is my second time purchasing this , the first time was from a department store and the second time was from Amazon . For some reason , this one seems a bit less potent , does n't last as long , and seems a bit higher on the alcohol side . It just overall misses the mark . It 's a great scent but the quality seems to be a bit lower . I 'd give the old department store version 4 stars but the amazon one underwhelms at 2 stars .
 i would like to start by addressing the fact that i have done so much research on colognes that i know about more about colognes than most people and even though i am not an expert i am not someone who can be fooled easily . however i did make the mistake of throwing away the box before i should of checked if the serial number on the bottled match the one on the box . I have bought real authentic colognes of high end brands from department stores such as Macy 's and Sachs , and at times buy the cologne from the official website -LRB- like Chanel , Christian Dior -RRB- , however i just wanted a cologne for work that i know has a great winter smell that is sweet and woody and i know for me , Burberry London is one of my favorite Winter colognes.when i first received the cologne i was very satisfied and wore it a few times when i first purchased it in Feb. 2012 however after a month , i realized that this is not an authentic product . i have many colognes and so i did not use the the burberry London cologne for about a few weeks , however recently when i decided to wear it to work , after spraying it for the first time in a 3 weeks the scent was significantly weaker and i drench myself in the cologne and still only had a faint smell and last about 2-3 hrs but thats after spraying it 15 + times on me . i am convinced it is a fake and upset that amazon was the one who sold me the product . i will never again buy cologne from amazon or any other fragrance on this site again .
 Right out of the bottle , all i smell is BLACK PEPPER . I swear . Might as well go to your kitchen and pop open your basic jar of ground pepper because that 's what it smells like . I actually regretted buying it at first . HOWEVER , once it dries , it actually smells quite pleasant . But the overall scent gets VERY faint , so I 'm thinking it 's not going to last more than a couple hours . You 'd have to spray quite a bit on you . I only did one spray because the initial scent is SO overpowering . I guess I 'll have to deal with it to get to the nice smell that follows minutes after . Overall , it 's ok , but not as good as Burberry Brit , that one is amazing . If you 're into fresh or citrusy scents , this one 's not for you . TRY before you buy , i ca n't stress that enough with Burberry London .
 BUYER BEWARE!GIVE YOUR MONEY TO CHARITY OR BURN IT FIRST , but do n't give it to this crook . This product is cheap for a reason . IT 'S NOT THE REAL THING . . I know I 've owned and used the real thing for about a year prior to this rip-off . I thought I was saving a few bucks with this merchant , INSTEAD I LOST EVERY DOLLAR ON THIS PRODUCT . Maybe I should have been suspect when the label was lopsided on the cologne bottle , the cap does n't fit snug on the bottle -LRB- like the real thing -RRB- , and this product reaks of ALCOHOL -LRB- like cheap or imitation cologne -RRB- . GO SOMEWHERE ELSE AND PAY A FEW DOLLARS MORE . DO N'T BE A FOOL LIKE I WAS.DON ' T SHOP WITH THIS MERCHANT ... unless you like being ripped off and have nothing better to do with your time or money.IF YOU WANT A MAJOR DISSAPPOINTMENT ... shop with this merchant .
 stinky stinky ew . well okay , , if you 're 60 + it might be alright . nah forget that . it sucks . Never buy cologne without smelling it first , lesson learned .
 I now know why this product is less expensive than that found in department stores . I have used this product for several years and know the potentcy should be stronger than that in the product I received from Amazon . This cologne is much much weaker and almost no fragrance within a few hours . I truly feel that this is watered down and will not buy again . Usually I have great satisfactiion with product purchased from Amazon but his product is inferior and not the real thing.Bob LepperSpringstead , Wi
 Not the real thing , the fragrance is similar , pleasant enough , but projection and longevity are abysmal , wears off after an hour ... Far from the real thing and the authentic one will last HOURS and project out . Really disappointed in Amazon , buy in a fragrance outlet instead if you want the real deal .
 I 've used this product for sometime and bought directly from B&B - I ca n't live without it . For my fine hair it makes it managable and extremely easy comb right out of the shower . To refresh my stock I ordered from Amazon Prime and I 've used the bottle two times so far just in case I was wrong . It hardly sprays and is very thick compared to the usual product . It practicaly makes my hair impossible to comb and gluey . Downright gross . Something is definitely wrong with this stock .
 I got this at the hair salon and loved it . For some reason the one i ordered on amazon smelled like paint . read the same review online , should have listened .
 I 've used this product in the past before but for some reason the one that I purchased from Amazon just smells funny . Amazon should find a way to seal wrap product it ca n't be open and tampered with .
 I purchased this with the thickening spray -LRB- see my other review on that ! -RRB- as it advertised like a light conditioner for fine hair that does not need heavy , weighty conditioner . I also was lured that it could be used the day after you wash your hair to prep it up a bit . It really does n't do anything but become somewhat gummy . Wasted $ $ $ $ $ again !
 I 've gone through two bottles of B&B Prep and love it . Unfortunately , this bottle is not a clear spray liquid as it supposed to be but a thick viscous substance that will not even pour out of the bottle , much less spray . I did not try to use it until a couple of weeks after the return period had expired . But there is a quality control problem somewhere . I have never had this happen with a product before .
 I have ordered many things online , from A to Z . This is the first time I received a product that looked as if it was 30 years old . The outside of the box was dirty , the attachments were yellow as if this product was very old , there was no return information included in the box , etc. . Would not buy this product , nor could I recommend someone ordering from a company that would mail this product in such an unprofesional manner !
 This oil is gross ! It is nothing like the other Brahmi oils on Amazon . It was pasty and foul smelling . In fact I think it was spoiled because of old stock . If you like Brahmi Oil , go with some other brand cause this one seems to be a `` fake '' and does not work as good . I am african american and use a ton of different oils for my hair . Just my thoughts ... : -RRB-
 I compared a bottle of Bumble & Bumble styling lotion I had purchased from a hair salon to what this seller sent me . The salon lotion felt clear and clean . The lotion I received in my Amazon order felt slimy . It did not go through the sprayer as a spray but as a stream , meaning it was thicker than the genuine product . Amazon quickly handled the situation and issued a full refund . If this review were for Amazon 's customer service , it would be a 5-star review ; however , it is for the product , itself -- thus , 1-star .
 Seaweed conditioner is good but the lotion is not all that good . I read the ingredients on the bottle I bought . Rosemary and other herbs was listed first . So I thought it would be ok for me spray more . It appears to me that the makers of this product kept the acrylics and alcohols hidden from in its contents . My hair felt stiff with less shine .
 Product did not work as I expected . My hair is fine and product made it soft and limp even after using volume products .
 I have long hair and had high hopes for a miracle when I bought this product . I was looking for something that would smooth out my crazy frizzies and make my hair look more sleek . Maybe it 's just me , but I followed the instructions on the bottle and something went very wrong . My hair became sticky and I could barely pull my brush through without extreme pain . The lotion did make my hair a little less frizzy , but I was expecting dramatic results for product that is popular and much more costly than other brands . I used up quite a bit of the product trying to acheive the results that were advertised . Unfortunately it never happened . It may work on different types of hair though .
 I think that each product works for a different type of person or hair , and this turned out to be the case with this line of product that has an unbelievably good reputation , especially here in CA . Sorry , not for me . I found it ineffective and totally taking away whatever little volume my hair had . Oh well , I tried . Will not purchase again .
 The bottle is so cheap looking and the cologne is just as cheap . Synthetic foul smelling cologne is defintely not for me .
 This stuff smells like cheap Drakkar noir . . not unpleasant but cheaply done . Very poor quality product . Gave mine to a friend .
 If you want puke cheap puke sauce this is it . Send me shipping $ you can have a full bottle or it goes in the trash .
 The scent of Caesar 's Man Cologne does n't last . Every time I smell it on someone else it smells real good . Every time I use it , the scent does n't last . I would have expected that from an after shave but not from a cologne .
 I ordered this 2.5 ounce Estee Lauder Knowing and the seller canceled it 3 days or so later ... . If seller do n't have it , why is it still listed ?
 This product took forever to arrive and then I was very disappointed . The smell is off . I have used knowing before that was purchased from department store and this is not the same . Would definitely not recommend this product .
 My girlfriend uses this perfume exclusively , however , this must 've been a bad batch because the scent does n't last long after you leave the house . the liquid itself doesnt even look the same . DO NOT order perfume from these people . $ 70 for a bottle of water .
 packaging not sealed , dark color , smells old ! stinks ! Coworkers agree ! Can not use !!!! complained to merchant , sent another , not sealed , dark and stinks ... sour and old
 I have used many Mustela products and love them , except for this one.It makes my baby 's cheeks red . At first , I could n't believe it , so I kept trying and it irritated her skin every time ... . My baby cried today when I tried to wipe this lotion off her face . Poor little thing ! I thought I was giving my baby the best , but I was wrong . The stuff I am using now costs me only $ 3.48 and it does n't bother her at all .
 I bought this lotion for my baby before he was born knowing I have sensitive skin and he might as well . I used it 2 times . First time was fine and I loved the smell the second time he cried like it was burning his skin ! Also his shins became very dry after the second use . I should have known that a product with such a great smell would cause irritation . Bottom line the lotion does n't work for sensitive skin .
 I HOPE THIS REVIEW WILL SAVE SOMEONE 'S CHILD ... I have purchased the whole Mustela line before my baby 's arrival , and I was convinced I am paying for a great European product . I stopped using the wipes after first week of use . They irritated my baby 's skin . I did however continued to use this lotion and shampoo . . Today my baby is 7 weeks old , and I am fighting her super dry skin she got from using the lotion ! We even made a visit to doctor yesterday where they confirmed the irritated skin and all these patches of super dry skin are from the lotion ! Now we are saving the delicate skin with Aveeno product ... which is FRAGRANCE FREE !
 My son has eczema so I 've tried very lotion under the sun . This product was okay for the first few days . The smell was n't refreshing like the no rinse solution or the foam shampoo , but my son seemed to like it . After the 3rd day he started crying only when I put this lotion on him . It was burning his skin . This may work for others , but my baby 's skin is too sensitive for this product . I have not had a problem with the other Mustela products .
 Mustela baby lotion was recommended to me by my pediatrician because my baby has extremely sensitive skin . I ordered the lotion and the massage oil online after reading great reviews and when I used these products on my baby she seemed to be okay , but I broke out into a horrible rash . The only thing that has caused such a problem for me in the past is sulfa drugs , and the ingredients in these products do not include , sulfa , so I do n't know what it is that caused the problem , but this is definitely NOT hypoallergenic.It has a very strong scent that I was n't very fond of as well . I would have tolerated the scent if I liked the products , but I ca n't imagine that anything with this heavy of a perfumed scent can be good for anyone ! It certainly irritated my skin !
 This product has mineral oil in it ! It is the second most used ingrediant . Mineral oil is a cancer causing agent !!! Do you want to put something that causes cancer on your precious baby ? It 's up to you !
 I was introduced to this product at a Marriott Hotel -- it was one of the little complementary bottles in the bathroom . Absolutely loved it . When I used it all up , I noticed the URL on the bottle and realized I could order more . Wish I had n't . It 's just not the same , not nearly as fragrant . Could get something cheaper at the drugstore .
 I bought it hoping it 's the same cologne that I had , but this turned out to be different and Amazon.com has a no return policy on fragrances . Be VERY CAREFUL buying fragrances online !
 Hi , I rated this purchase by -LRB- 1 star -RRB- because I received my perfume broken , so I have never seen a bad deal like this with Amazon.com LLC . I am very sorry about that : -LRB- Thank you ,
 I received a sample of this product from Sephora . I like the darker fragrances , and I liked this one . Then I realized it was men 's cologne . Whoopsies . But , it could easily pass for a woman 's perfume as well ! I liked the scent but it has poor staying power . I also would n't want my husband wearing something that smells like ladies ' perfume . I 'm just sayin ' .
 Not fragrance free , just as stated on the actual label . So do n't believe the reviews that say that it is . It does n't advertise itself as fragrance free , and it is not .
 It was advertised as unscented , but when I got it and read the ingredients it listed FRAGRANCE . Anyone who is sensitive or allergic to fragrance do not buy this . I contacted the seller about this and requested that they fragrance to their list of ingredients on the product page . I had to return it for this reason , but I 'm sure it is a good product otherwise .
 So I saw many reviews on here , some people liking it and some people saying that they didnt and that the product actually changed . I have used this for many years , and actually was ready to give up on this product and agreed with the people that said the product has changed as it is far more clumpy and waxy than it had been in the past . But before I gave up on it , I actually when to the Bumble and Bumble site and ordered it from there . Mind you , it was cheaper than buying it off amazon , delivery took a bit longer though . However , when I got it , I must say it worked like I remember it did . No longer was it clumpy or left my hair having the wet look , instead , it spread smoothly in my hand and gave me kind of the messy but controlled non-wet look I was wanting . I have a feeling that the seller from amazon did not keep it in a temperature controlled environment , as the consistency it had was similar to when I keep it in a cold environment , where it hardens up . So before people give up on it , I would say try it from the actual Bumble and Bumble store .
 I used this stuff for a couple years and loved it ! my hair is baby fine and stick straight . This stuff made it fun , funky , textured and piecy , leaving no oily residue . Got many compliments . It seems B&B changed the formula and added oil . It performs very differently . Goes on slick , weighs down my hair and no longer gives it the fun funky texture . What happend Bumble and Bumble ? Bring back th old forumula !!
 I used Sumo Tech a lot before ... and I liked so much that I did n't mind paying for the premium . However , over the last couple of years I 've witnessed the quality of this product go down the toilet . It maybe a coincidence , I think it started when B&B ; products started appearing in stores like Target -LRB- nothing against Target , though ... because I LOVE Target -RRB- . I 've bought from three different sources
 Just so you know , if you are sensitive to fragrances , this is not fragrance-free . I had to look at the actual label to see that fragrance is an ingredient .
 I bought this at a local authorized salon . It is very hard like plastic and you need to dilute it with a little warm water . It does not glide through your hair freely . Even after diluting with water , this hard wax-like substance does n't completely dissolve . Definitely not for long hair nor dry hair .
 This is a great product but the same as Modern Organic Products Molding Cream and American Crew Fiber , which are A LOT cheaper . Check out the ingredients to compare .
 Stinky , stinky , stinky . . I have tried in vain to communicate with seller before commenting this on product . The lotion has a particular scent and smells NOTHING like the perfume that I purchased from a trusted seller like a major dept store . This seller has ruined my trust in purchasing scent from the Internet . . Never again , the worst $ 36 dollars . . What a shame !!!!!!!!
 Pours out of tube , too much comes out . Not very fragrant , no fragrance after a short amount of time .
 I was pretty disappointed by this product . I love the fragrance -LRB- I already had the perfume -RRB- , but this gel dries into the skin instantly , and does n't moisturize at all , and the fragrance fades within about a half hour . I probably should have gone for the lotion or body cream . Live and learn : - /
 This product STINKS , produces no suds , and because of the shape , is awkward to use . It is extremely round and big so it is hard to get a grip on the product . In addition , it produces no suds ! I 've tried using it directly on skin , with a washcloth , with a sponge , and there are no suds !! Does it even clean ???? It stinks to boot - never smelled mint chocolate like that - PHEW !!!!! Complete waste of money .
 The product was old and had no fragrance of anykind . It went straight to the trash . This is my first bad purchase of any kind while buying products on Amazon . I would actually rate this product a - * if the rating system would allow it .
 This is NOT Bumble & Bumble product . I have used the Thickening conditioner for 6 months now , usually purchased from a salon , but for convenience I purchased it online . It smells different , is a different color , much thicker than REAL Bumble conditioner , totally different . I suspect it 's been repackaged .
 I have been using this product for a little over a year now . I have previously purchased it at beauty salons . I thought I would get it from Amazon to save a little money since B&B is so expensive . I believe that I was sold a `` fake '' B&B Thickening Condition . It 's like someone filled up their empty bottle with another brand of conditioner . It does n't smell the same , the texture is n't the same . I 'm still using it because I have it , but I will NEVER again buy a product that can be refilled on Amazon . Be very wary . Buy this kind of item in a store so you know what you are getting . I believe I was scammed .
 I bought this conditioner from a salon . It worked great the first 2 days I used it . Then the longer I used it , the worse it felt . My ends got dry and split and I could n't get a comb through it . After a couple of weeks of using it I am going out today to buy something else . I wish I did not have a giant bottle of this . I expected much more from Bumble Bumble .
 I bought what had said a `` NEW '' bottle of Bumble and Bumble thickening conditioner . What I received was a bottle that the lettering was worn off , product was on top of bottle and filled with something else besides Bumble and Bumble product ... I am a long time user of this product and this was the first time I had purchased it on Amazon . I have had good luck with everything else I have purchased ... but very upset about this . I hope to get my money back ... they should review this seller . I should have reviewed her as well ... shame on me .
 I used to buy this product all the time before 2011 , but then I got a bottle online that did n't smell or look the same texture , so I thought it was fake , but it was n't . I went into Salons that are validated by Bumble and Bumble site in Houston and saw that it was the same type of product that I had just gotten at home , so they changed the formula ! This new formula does n't work one bit . The other product was truyly amazing , but this new formula they have does not do anything to my hair and it smells pretty bad too . I am so disappointed at this brand and product - that never again will I buy from them .
 The day that I posted negative feedback regarding my order it arrived in the mail and the seller finally got in touch with me . They issued a full refund , but I find it very unprofessional that they only contacted me once I had posted a negative comment , which they asked me to change/update if I was now satisfied .
 I bought this conditioner because I had used the shampoo and liked the smell . Usually conditioners are life savers , they create a manageable soft head of hair rather than a tangled mess . This conditioner , however , did not deliver . After using it , my hair was still tangled and felt like it had nothing on it . Yes , it smells nice , but like another reviewer mentioned , I prefer a product that does what it says . My hair is not fine but I do use color and used this because it was supposed to be good for treated hair . No thanks . I got better results from John Frieda ... at a much lower price . These BB products are way overpriced for the quality .
 These thickening products are terrible . I have used the shampoo and conditioner together on and off months now , so I 'm leaving this review for both products.Sure , it thickens my hair -- turning it into a completely unmanageable knot of ratty , tangly hair . There is NO way to comb through my hair after using these products -LRB- without ripping it all out -RRB- unless I use yet another twenty dollar Bumble and Bumble product -LRB- the Prep spray -RRB- . And even then , as the day wears on my ends get all ratty and knotty.This does not happen with any other hair care product that I have ever used . I have very fine , medium length hair.What a waste of money .
 I love the B&B thickening shampoo so I thought this would be good . Guess not for me . Made my hair harder to deal with .
 I bought this because they ran out of my usual Biolage product in the store . So I thought I 'd give this a try . I thought for the price , it 's got ta be doing something.Given my experience , you should n't judge any product upon first use . So I gave Bumble and Bumble thickening conditioner a week . Now I can say for certain that I absolutely am not impressed by it . In fact , I hate the way it makes my hair feel . I have never truly understood the meaning of `` fly away hair '' until this week . Yes with this conditioner my hair is flying everywhere all right . I have thick hair shaft but slightly thinning hair -LRB- big hair strand but not a lot of it , if you know what I mean -RRB- . And this product just makes it completely unmanageable . It does not create any volume , it make my hair hard to hold style . The only positive side that I can think of is that it has a pleasant smell . But it is not a top priority to me when it comes to hair products -- I want GOOD hair , not just PLEASANTLY PERFUMED hair.I wish I could return this useless , expensive bottle of goo . But I ca n't , so I am just going to get on with it and return to my favorite Biolage detangling solution .
 The Thickening Conditioner leaves my hair weighed down and impossible to deal with . When I use this product , then style my hair , it always looks like it needs to be washed .
 This product just dried out my hair , leaving me with fly-away frizzes that had to be managed with other products . It did n't seem to provide any noticeable thickening qualities . Do n't waste your money ! Bumble and Bumble Super Rich conditioner provided much better results , but I can get the same results with other , much less expensive products .
 For the price I expected at least some amount of noticeable difference in my fine , limp hair after using this product . Instead , I could not see that it helped at all . Save your money !
 I was very disappointed in this product for several reasons . first , very little product for the price so I expected it to be amazing ... which it was not ... secondly you have to `` melt '' the wax by heating it to use it effectively which is a real annoyance . Finally , the end result once you have done this is a slick pile of wax in your hair that ends up flattening it not giving it lift or volume which I had hoped for ... so disappointed because the product description sounded so good .
 Sorry , but this product does not work on my coarse , straight hair . Yes , the product starts off stiff -- so stiff that you almost can barely apply and run it through your hair . It is so freakishly shiny I have Darth Vader helmet head . Not strong enough to slick my hair back , and falls apart in no time flat , and I ca n't even restyle it . My hair is n't even that long -- the longest parts fall right at my earlobes . I tried using a small amount , I 've tried using generous amounts , does n't work for me . A waste of money . I 'm currently happy using Sexy Hair Play Dirty wax -- controls hair , but not stiff .
 Seller did not list the fact that you are unable to use this shampoo on your hair if it is colour treated . Product still wrapped sitting in closet .
 leaves hair very flat when you use it do n't like that . I like my hair to have lift on top
 Updated review -LRB- 8/15/11 -RRB- : Pros
 I love the smell of this but it stings my face . That led me to read the ingredients more carefully - two kinds of alcohol are within the first few ingredients . So , no wonder it stings . I want a soothing mask I can use often to help with dry , premature aging , skin . Since this stings I would n't want to use it -- I 'm sending it back and will keep looking for another mask .
 I should preface this review by saying that I am a Kerastase fan , and I have used the Oleo Relax shampoo for a long time . I have thick , wavy , color-treated hair that needs excellent moisturizing and smoothing to look good . This mask was , for lack of a better word , weird . It smells like the other Kerastase products , but I could barely read the instructions on the jar -LRB- which is an inconvenient container in any case -RRB- . The mask sat on my hair forever -LRB- you have to leave on for 10-15 min . -RRB- in the shower and felt worse and worse -- it may not be apparent but this product is not for those with sensitive skin . It burned my scalp and make my hair feel heavy and lifeless . Very disappointing for the cost ! I will go back to Pureology products , which are gentle and work much better .
 We had a little bit higher exception before making the purchase . But a little bit disappointed after using it . I am not saying it does not work . But for less amount of money , we can probably find something similar . It does lift the hair and make it easier to control , but did not make the hair feels comfortable . For this price , I definitely expecting to have more than the most basic benefits . Find something else or wait the price of this one go under $ 10
 I just received my thickening spray and I 'm sure it is fake . It does not smell like the other -LRB- almost empty -RRB- bottle I purchased at my salon . My hair did not feel as good as it normally does , and it made my head itch . Buyer beware !!
 I swear there is nothing but water in the bottle I received . No fragrance , no volume , no nothing .
 Thickening spray was my favorite of ALL my beauty products but now it is a waste of money . It was worth the high price before but not any more . It does not give the volume it did before and leaves my hair baby soft , as in limp and not full . I need to find a new thickening product . Very disappointing .
 I used Bumble and Bumble Thickening Spray for years to provide volume for my thin hair and turned several people on to the product . Then they changed the formula to Bumble and Bumble Thickening HAIR Spray . The new product not only does n't provide volume ; it smell and feels icky and mats my hair down . Bummer .
 I think this product is a total waste of money . It does absolutly nothing for my hair . May as well spray water on it , no more effective than that !
 I had read a few magazine articles praising this product so I decided to try the spray on my fine , limp hair . Needless to say I am very disappointed . I feel like this is no better than spraying water on my hair . I wish I could return the product . Do n't waste your money .
 Upon purchasing this product , I 'd hoped it would be equivilant to the product I normally purchase at the salon . I was horribly disappointed . It was nothing at all like the typical product , rather much more like water . The normal scent was not present , the product made my hair greasy and my head itched all day long . I would very much like to return this . It 's not at all the same product that is purchased at the salon . I was sorely disappointed .
 This is the most awful product I 've ever tried and then to have paid so much money for it . It does not give volume to your hair , what it does it makes it greasy .
 I ordered `` Hair Thickening Spray '' , was sent ordinary Hair Spray - at a ridiculous price .
 Oh , how deeply disappointed I am with Bumble and bumble ! I used to love this thickening spray -LRB- now called thickening hairspray -RRB- ! Halas , they have changed the formula , adding alcohol to the new one , which makes hair super dry , sticky and straw-like . It also has changed the smell , which used to be fresh and is now ... Stincking of alcohol ! The product use to make hair smooth , bouncy , shiny and add lots of volume and , for someone like me who washes her hair every 2-3 days , I could spray it back on in the morning , use the blowdryer and ... Voila ! Beautiful hair once more ! Not the case anymore as the product is super sticky . So , the search is back on for a product that will make my hair as gorgeous as B & b thickening SPRAY used to do . B & b 's response was that they had to comply with certain health regulations ... ? Really ? Since when adding alcohol to a product is better for consumers ? Illogical and majorly disappointing . Will never buy again , and moving away from Bumble and bumble , who seem to make too many changes to their products . If it works great and has been working great for years , why change it for something mediocre ?
 I have been using Bumble and Bumble Thickening Spray for YEARS and a bottle usually lasts me awhile , so between that and cycling it with other products I only recently had to reorder it . I noticed as soon as I received it that the name had changed to Thickening HAIRspray . Well , they seem to have added a styling element to it that makes it sticky , and I am forced to return it . The old formula did just that
 So disappointed - I used to use the old formula called ` Thickening Spray ' - this new version is called ` Thickening Hairspray ' and contains Denatured Alcohol as the third ingredient - yuck ! I have very fine hair , and the old product left my hair feeling so thick and soft , this new formula left my hair limp and greasy with no volume whatsoever . Please Bumble & Bumble , do n't change a good thing ! I will not purchase this again .
 I have tried this spray every which way I can , wet , dry , blowdry , airdry , after styling and I still hate it . It might work if I could keep the flyaways from happening . I have used the thickening conditioner and hate it too . It makes my hair stringy . I have given up on Bumble & Bumble . My hair is fine but this makes it worse . Do n't try - it 's a waste of money .
 The product is supposed to create shine while creating the temporary effect of mending split ends . My hair is the same as when I first started using the Kerastase line . It does n't give a great shine even when i iron my hair .
 Recently used this item on a golf outing . I was pretty disappointed . Mainly because there is just not enough of the gell filler in this product to adequately go around more than half my neck or head . I had also order the `` Cool Bandanas '' product and found it had what I would estimate as more than twice as much gel in it to very comfortable cover much more of my skin . I 'm also quite outraged that this product is roughly 3 times the price of the aforementioned cooling band . I definitely catagorically DO NOT recommend this product !
 Ordered this on accident as it looks exactly like their au fraiche version except for color . I foolishly opened it because usually when a company designs a fragrance line there is a theme in the scents . These two are vastly different and should have been designed with different bottles . This one has a strong cardamom and baby powder stink . It punches you in the nose like Axe body sprays . And it lasts and lasts . I cleared the first two pumps in the bathroom sink and even after cleaning it I could still smell it . So at least it 's a good value in that only one pump will work . This scent makes me think more Night At The Roxbury than a luxury brand such as Versace .
 Recently used this item on a golf outing . I was pretty disappointed . Mainly because there is just not enough of the gell filler in this product to adequately go around more than half my neck or head . I had also order the `` Cool Bandanas '' product and found it had what I would estimate as more than twice as much gel in it to very comfortable cover much more of my skin . I 'm also quite outraged that this product is roughly 3 times the price of the aforementioned cooling band . I definitely catagorically DO NOT recommend this product !
 I thought I was purchasing the whole Spring 07 set , although considering the price , that may have been silly thinking . Anyways , only one bottle came and it is an off white color , which is not something I really want on my nails ... Essie is great polish ! It dries quickly and goes on well , plus I love the applicator brush , for some reason it just feels better than others . I 'm not happy with this particular color but I will buy more Essie products in the future .
 I bought a product that I expected to be a retail item , not something that someone had taken a soldering iron to . . there were two deep burns on the bottle where the lot number and a ` not for resale ' marking had been partially removed by using a sharp , hot , tool to burn partially through the plastic , but the markings were still legible.I somehow think that this compromises the integrity of the bottle itself.When I returned it because I considered BURNS on the plastic bottle as as defect , Amazon refunded me less than half of what I paid .
 I purchased this after reading a desciption , stating in had light floral tones , very feminine , Quite frankly it is over powering and smells like it was intended for an elderly woman who needs to cover up other `` smells '' . I would NEVER BUY this perfume again . deliverly was prompt and that is the only positive thing about this transation !!!
 I bought this for my wife . She has been using this brand for about 20 years . We were excited to get this at such a great price . The very first time she used it she asked me what I thought . There is something different about it . I do n't know if it is a knock off or maybe it was n't stored properly . It could be real old - who knows but there is something different about it . We both noticed it . Now if you have never used this you should be plenty happy with it as you do n't have anything to go by . The difference is so slight that I 'm sure many people would not notice .
 The product title was deceiving . When I first selected it , it said &#34; Eau the Perfume &#34; -LRB- which is the product I have bought from amazon in several occasions -RRB- . I was ordering so many things that I did not noticed that in the last page the title did not red &#34; Eau the Perfume &#34; . -LRB- it did not specified anything -RRB- . I received &#34; Eau de Cologne &#34; , which is a cheaper product . I learned my lesson , I will be more thorough from in the future .
 yo recibi un correo en donde mi courrier dice que la colonia llego rota y que los contacten para el cambio del producto . Adicionalmente me enviaron un correo desde miami soportando lo que estoy indicando .
 After having read all the positive reviews , I was expecting really a lot . But no matter how much I tried , I was never satisfied the result . If I apply very little of it , there is no difference . If I put a bit more - it right away makes my hair greasy and gives it a dirty look . I experimented at least 10 times
 Based on all of the positive reviews here , I thought this product would be great for my naturally wavy hair . Unfortunately , it did absolutely nothing . No hold . No curl boost . No shine . No nothing . I really wanted to like this product , trying several different ways of styling with it , from letting it air dry to finger curling and diffusing . But I got nothing but a frizzy , dull , definitionless mop of hair from this product . It probably works well for people with super curly hair , but if your hair is wavy , go ahead and pass on this overpriced bottle of blah . I 'll be returning the product to BB .
 This product does nothing for my hair , not even a little.I have to condition my thick curly hair after using this product.Doesn ' t even leave my hair smelling nice . Very disappointed .
 I have had curly hair my entire life . This is one of the least effective products I have ever tried . It was recommended to me by a friend.I feel I gave it a fair amount of time , tried multiple times , in order to get the amount for my hair correct . It does not tame frizz , does not define curl , does not enhance curl.If you use enough to tame frizz , it 's greasy , and the curl goes flat.I do n't recommend investing your money to try this product .
 I have fine , naturally curly hair that tends to frizz on the sides . I 've tried many products for curly hair and often find that they either leave my hair too crunchy or they are just too heavy for fine hair . I wanted to like Bb Curl Conscious , but it really did n't do anything but make my curls heavy and too soft to hold a style , and did nothing to smooth out the frizz . So I 'm going to pass on this one . BUT ... My hairdresser recommended Moroccan Oil Curling Creme and that is what I use now . It controls the frizz better than anything I 've used so far , and the argan oil actually adds body to my hair and my curls look * pretty * not just curly . It also smells fabulous without competing with my perfume .
 The box was openned . It smells like smoke . . I had to throw the bottle . This is not what I expected . I know now not to order perfum on line . It could have been tempered I do not know . Was unable to return it .
 I have used many different products before and am a firm believer in salon products ; I was just looking for something different because it seems like my hair responds well to change . This brand was recommended to me a few years back by a stylist when I got my hair permanently straightened . I never used it then but recently my hair has been extremely dry and prone to breakage so after weeks of research , I decided to get this based on the good reviews . The first couple of times it was okay but after several usage , I found that this product leaves buildup in my hair which ca n't be remedied with a clarifying shampoo . It also leaves may hair dry which was a bummer given its reputation . I bought the Redken clarifying shampoo and honestly feel that it leaves my hair softer and shinier and it 's a clarifying shampoo -LRB- a good one but nonetheless -RRB- ! I waited to review this shampoo because I wanted to get a good feel for it ; I 've used it about a couple months now and as much as I do n't want to given the cost , am unfortunately ready to toss the rest.I am not positive about this but just want to put it out there so that I give a fair representation of my experience . I 've read that you 're only supposed to use a very small amount of this shampoo . I felt that I could n't do that because a small amount just did n't seem to clean my scalp thoroughly and I suspect that this may be partially causing the excessive dryness . Overall , I was not pleased with this shampoo and will definitely not repurchase . Wish I could return it but it 's way too late ; at least I can say that I 've tried it for myself .
 Did n't really knock my socks off after I paid a pretty penny for it . I 've used it a couple times now and my hair is alright . This morning I used Panteve Pro-V Smooth and my hair feels more fantastic with this than the Kerastase Shampoo .
 I bought this because my hair was very static-y due to winter weather . Used it once with the matching Kerastase conditioner , and my hair was much MORE static-y . Ended up throwing away both products .
 bought the Bain Satin 3 from Amazon - TWICE - and both times received some other Thermo something product instead of the requested product .
 This product may have been ok exept for the smell it has a very unpleasant smell . It may have been old if it was n't old and it still has this odor new I would not recomend this product .
 my hair is more frizzy than ever ! expensive for nothing ! do not buy this product coz it 's a waste of ur time and money ! KERSTASE line is just another lie to steal ur money !
 This product did absolutely nothing to help my acne ; in fact it made it worse ! Not only did it make my skin look worse , it made it feel worse . My skin was very itchy and irritated after usage . I also did not like the smell . Was n't for me .
 I tried this one and I had a hard time heating it hot enough to straiten my curly hair . Maybe if you are just doing touch-ups , but not for everything
 This conditioner does n't do it for me . It 's very expensive for such a small quantity . Texture is thin . Love the scent , hence two stars .
 Um , so yeah this is not the brush for Afro hair . Somebody lied to me -LRB- Denimpixie from Youtube -RRB- ! This brush will rip the heck out of your hair . I do n't even feel as if I can give this product one star . It did n't even deserve that . To all of my 4b/4c ladies , DO NOT BUY THIS BRUSH ! A waste of money , time , and hair growth ! I 'll be sticking to my Denman and Tangle Teezer !
 Even after reading a few negative reviews , I ordered this anyway , likely based on the name brand . It did not massage my scalp as described and it is not worth the price tag .
 A bit of background about me before I describe my disappointment in what is supposed to be a very luxurious , high-end hairbrush . I am of Middle Eastern ethnicity , have lots of long fine hair , and rather enjoy higher-end products . I decided to purchase the `` Detangler '' after reading much about the Mason Pearson line of products and hearing endlessly as to how this hairbrush is such a `` must-have '' product.This is what the Mason Pearson did for me . The `` Detangler '' left my hair in ratty tangles , made it extremely static charged , and the nylon bristles only massaged the area where I had my part . Perhaps I expected too much from this pink bellied , white handled , delightful looking brush . So much so that I was sorely disappointed that this `` top of the line '' brush to me felt worse than an average brush . I now own a Conair brush whose bristles in length are long enough to actually reach my scalp and detangle my hair beautifully , all the while without electrically charging my hair into an exact replica of Einstein 's popular `` do '' , and at a fraction of the cost.Unless you have Ladies in Waiting to assist in your daily and nightly hairbrushing , pass on this brush . In todays age of rushing to and fro not many women have the time to brush their hair piece by piece , which is what one needs to do with the nylon bristled `` Detangler '' . Perhaps the boar bristles are a better option for thicker , longer hair . Did n't appear so from the reviews I read . Well , thank heavens for the Conair for now . Perhaps Mason Pearson will develop a brush that addresses my long haired concerns in the near future . As for what I will do with the brush I now have ? Maybe one of my short haired sons will enjoy it .
 ... but at first I thought it was a complete waste of money . What made the difference ? The relaxer ! I was natural when I bought it and was having a very difficult time detangling so I thought I 'd make an investment in a high-end hairbrush specially made for detangling . But it did n't really help at all . I cleaned it and put it away expecting I 'd think of someone with thick or curly -LRB- non-black -RRB- hair to give it to . But I eventually got a relaxer , which helped with the horrible issues I 'd been having with detangling . Of course , my hair still tangled -LRB- because it 's quite wavy/curly -RRB- , just not as badly , but still a chore.But eventually I remembered my expensive little white MP brush . I love it now ! It helps me a lot . I do not use it as directed -LRB- it is not supposed to be used with product because certain ingredients are n't good for the rubber -RRB- but I need to brush through with product and it 's also great for making sure hair evenly coated with treatments . Anyway , I finger de-tangle , then big tooth comb de-tangle , then the MP detangling brush brings it home . The result ? Truly detangled , un-knotted hair . Hair that when you detangle , braid , rise or wash and then unbraid , is STILL detangled ! That means fewer single strand knots for me , and just really pleased . Because it 's expensive I would encourage people with black or other ethnic hair to try to get where you can try and maybe return or something -LRB- if it does n't do the trick on your particular head of hair -RRB- . Do n't bother trying to dry brush using this if you have black hair -LRB- in my experience at least -RRB- . No 5 rating just because I wish it was a bit bigger and wish it was not so high-maintenance to clean , etc , but it 's still a winner for me . Thanks . ******* UPDATE ****** It 's been about 6 months of using this brush and I just tossed it . The bristles have bent and are falling out . To be fair , the instructions say that it is not for use in hair that has product in it because oils and the like damage the nylon . So that means if you brush through with your leave-in product or whatever , as I have , it is n't the intended use . I will not be replacing it because it does n't do a special job on my hair dry . It just does n't last for the use I found for it ...
 Do not waste your money on this brush . I have natural 4a coarse hair that is arm pit length . I purchased this brush due to all the raves on the natural hair sites . If you detangle your hair wet or with oil this brush will not last . I usually detangle on wet hair with conditioner although the brush is not bad on detangling the bristles began to come out only after 1 year even after regular cleaning . The denman is a much better choice for natural hair , I am able to detangle in the shower and with oil without worry about the brush falling apart . Please do waste your money this Pearson brush .
 I did n't like this product . It went on too dark for me .
 Misleading title and description . The bottle I received reads 100 % pure hyaluronic moisturizer on the front label and contains -LRB- in that order on the label -RRB- purified water , hyaluronic acid , phenoxyethanol , ethylhexyglycerin . The amazon product description gave me the false impression that I was getting 100 % pure hyaluronic acid -LRB- so that I could dilute it myself -RRB- . That is not the case .
 The second ingredient is ; Soduim Laureth Sulfate . This chemical is used in car , floor and other cleaning products . It is highly irritating to skin and studies show high levels of skin penetration in heart , liver , brain and lung tissue , eye damage on animals -LRB- even when applied to areas not around the eyes -RRB- . It strips skin of protective lipids and irritates and drys it out . It can react with other ingredients and create nitrate substances which are known carcinogens . It has no good properties and does not belong in skin products .
 I have been using the Energizing Citrus Body wash for several months . It had a very fresh citrus scent . My wife just brought home a new bottle -LRB- these were larger 24oz bottles -RRB- and I noticed the label was different . So I got in the shower and lathered up . . NO FRESH CITRUS SCENT !?!?! I also noticed the bottle no longer indicates `` Swiss Formula . `` The ingredients list is n't the same , either . Missing is Lemon peel extract and present is a higher amount of glycerin . The bottle was n't that expensive , so I probably wo n't bother taking it back for a refund , but I just thought I 'd WARN ALL ENTHUSIASTIC USERS OF THIS PRODUCT that St. Ives has CHANGED the formula ! I smell a cheaper body wash with more glycerin , possibly no glacial water and most-likely much less citrus aroma . Too bad . I 've heard the old adage , `` if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it : '' This aptly applies here . Why , St. Ives ? I have normally had much respect for this company . Now it seems they 're back in the pack .
 They used to have the best-smelling body wash ever . Sadly , St. Ives has changed the scent for this body wash . The freshness is gone . Now it smells vile .
 I expected a better smell from Cartier , I used santos de Cartier in the past and it was much nicer and better smell
 Santos De Cartier has been my favorite cologne for perhaps twenty years . I ca n't remember when I did n't wear Santos . The fragrance is bold and alluring ; Santos is not a sweet cologne . Further , it should be used sparingly , I found it to be the perfect complement to a tango embrace.When I received my order I was surprised to find the scent was different , a hint of what I 've come to know over the years . The scent was so different that I called the cosmetics department at Macy 's and asked if they knew if the formula had changed . The lady said she was n't aware of any changes and suggested that , instead of the eau de toilet -LRB- silver band -RRB- , I needed the concentrate -LRB- gold band -RRB- . With that in mind , I gave the eau de toilet to a friend and ordered the concentrate from Amazon.When the Santos concentrate arrived I knew immediately this was not my fragrance . It 's a diluted version of the scent . Like I said , the cologne 's power lies in the fact that only a hint is required . I do n't know what they 've done to Santos De Cartier but this experience has left me very disappointed .
 This perfume I gave it to a friend , my friend told me that the smell is rapidly lost , I am very disappointed in this purchase .
 I never received this product.The order was screwed up . Be careful ordering .
 I purchased this product on September 1 , 2011 . While the blush looks nice it was , unfortunately , totally shattered when I opened the package . I sent two emails to the distributor , Beauty.com , seeking to return the product but received no response . My next step is to work through either Amazon or my credit card company to get a refund , steps I should not have to take . I will never order from this distributor again .
 Do not buy this product . This `` thing '' is n't totally nasty , but it is close to it . Pros
 I purchased this product on September 1 , 2011 . While the blush looks nice it was , unfortunately , totally shattered when I opened the package . I sent two emails to the distributor , Beauty.com , seeking to return the product but received no response . My next step is to work through either Amazon or my credit card company to get a refund , steps I should not have to take . I will never order from this distributor again .
 Would not buy this again , as it totally dries out my hair and makes it brittle . I really love John Frieda products , except this one .
 It left a white/chalky complexion . I use it on my hands and neck because it was too expensive to just throw away ...
 I have sensitive skin and I broke out all over my face after using this product . I do n't recommend it .
 Update to my review from May 2011August 9 , 2011 , After having used the product since May 2011 ; I would not purchase this product in the future . I am not sure what they put in the ingredients but my skin does not like it . Every time I have used this product , my face breaks out in a very itchy rash . I do not use it on my face because after using it several times and having the same thing occur , I had to discontinue use . By the way , it is certainly not worth the money -- way too expensive.Initial Review on May 2011I usually wait a while before I post a review about a product but I decided to list my initial thoughts . If you have dark brown skin be prepared for a white sheen to appear on your skin . I think this product may break me out but I am going to have to use it a little longer to be certain . As for the seller - excellent !!! I received the product in what seemed like record time . I would definitely purchase from this seller again .
 I was under the impression from the ad this was made in Germany , but its not . This product you will be buying is made in Mexico . If you are looking for the product ingredients that are made in Germany dont buy this item . If you are looking for Nivea Creme and the ingredients dont matter to you this is an excellent product . I also received excellent shipping speed from this seller .
 Recently used this item on a golf outing . I was pretty disappointed . Mainly because there is just not enough of the gell filler in this product to adequately go around more than half my neck or head . I had also order the `` Cool Bandanas '' product and found it had what I would estimate as more than twice as much gel in it to very comfortable cover much more of my skin . I 'm also quite outraged that this product is roughly 3 times the price of the aforementioned cooling band . I definitely catagorically DO NOT recommend this product !
 we have used duck tape to keep the top from continuing to fall over , what everyone else says is really true , it does break , i would not purchase it again .
 I really liked this dryer . But when I went to use it today ... it would n't blow hot air . it got really hot on the top but no air ... I 'm returning it and getting my money back ... So disappointed ... Buyer Beware ...
 Right after assembling this dryer , the small plactic part that holds the dryer head to the base snapped . This plastic post , which is weakened by the holes drilled through it for the three attachment rivets , is poorly designed and too weak to handle the torque created by the weight of the dry head . This attachment point is critical in this type of dryer , and should be strong .
 I was very disappointed with this dryer . First of all , the high heat setting feels like the depths of Hades and the low heat setting blows cold air on you . I was willing to overlook that , but then my low heat setting blew a fuse or something , so now it does n't work at all . I ended up giving it away.Very disappointing : -LRB-
 I was really excited about using this dryer , it was comfortable with plenty of room for large rollers and on low speed the heat was perfect . After 10 minutes it started making a rattle noise and I could smell burning wires and 20 minutes into my drying it went to high and would not go back to low . If I had it to do over I would choose a different dryer , this one does not seem to be reliable . I was instructed to return it to the manufacturer at my expense . I am still working on getting the shipping cost returned from the company I purchased it from , but it does n't look promising .
 I purchased this dryer the end of October 2009 . It worked fine for 4 months when the high heat setting quit . Finally after another 2 months of drying my hair on `` low '' I returned it to Helen of Troy at the cost of $ 20 . Within a few weeks I received a standard form letter from Helen of Troy saying the product was on back order , and `` if available '' it could be replaced with a comparable unit ; -LRB- course there is n't such an item so that option was out -RRB- ... or I could request a refund . To purchase another unit , at a higher price and pay shipping for the 3rd time ruled out requesting a refund . So I 'm still waiting ... I called Helen of Troy again , this makes the 6th time in 3 months and they still ca n't give me an expected delivery date , just that they have placed an order ... I would say that Helen of Troy is not a reputable company , not at all consumer orientated and diffidently not a company that cares about customer satisfaction ... Beware if you purchase this product or any other for that matter that is under the parent company Helen of Troy .
 After using this dryer for only 3 months , the low heat setting no longer works . Sparks also flew from the bonnet the last time I used it . I have yet to hear from the distributor to get resolution .
 This product is horrible ! I used it for the first time after having it for about a week . I had just washed my hair , I am African-American , so I wrapped my hair to dry , I sat under the dryer on high for about an hour and half and the next thing I know the dryer turns off ! I thought that maybe it had some sort of automatic turn off , well it didnt ! I was very upset because I was going out that night and my hair was not fully dried ! I had to pull out my trusty hand dryer and finish drying my hair . I unplugged the dryer and thought maybe if I gave it a few more days that it would magically reset itself ... NOT , well needless to say this product was sent back to the seller after only one use . . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 This unit could be better , the high is to hot and the low is cold .
 My fiance has purchased two of these dryers for me approx . a few weeks apart . He made sure that he reviewed the reviews before the purchase and all turned out very good ... but not really , both dryers are not working as of that same day of first use for one and the other about a few days later . Both time of usage my clients were sitting under them drying and all of a sudden we hear a loud noise from the hood then it turns off leaving my clients with a BAD HAIR DAY !!!!!! NEVER AGAIN ...
 I was so excited about receiving this dryer based on the positive reviews . However , my experience was more like the negative reviews . At first the dryer worked ok . The design is poor and the pole to keep it up is too heavy for the knob that holds it in place so it was not really portable . The high heat setting was very hot and the low heat setting was cold . After the 6th use sparks started to fly from the unit when on high heat . It shorted out completely after the next use . The return policy was less than 30 days , and I wouldnt have been able to get a full refund . Not worth it !!!
 This dryer is great and gets super hot which makes for quick drying time however the mobility of the dryer is NOT AT ALL FUNCTIONAL ! The dryer has roller wheels that are detachable so after which falls apart on you so easily . I would not purchase this dryer only for that purpose but if you think you can get around that issue then go for it . Also that little issue is not kid friendly so BEWARE !
 It works bu not very sturdy . Hood disconnects from pole . Order another from the company . Same problem . Wishes I ordered from someone else ; . Not worth the money . I used tape to keep the two parts together . Was not interested in paying shipping and handing again to CA from MD. .
 I bought this dryer and was so excited when I got it ! It worked well just long enough for the Amazon warranty to expire . Then I had to deal with Helen of Troy-their customer service is awful ! I sent the dryer to them and it took them a month to acknowledge receipt and then said that it was on back order . When I called to inquire about the b/o status they said they did n't have any idea when another would be in stock . I requested a refund and it took over a month to get the check . Now I am in search of a better dryer ! BEWARE !
 Broke within a few months -LRB- the plastic part that connects the hood to the stand -RRB- and awful customer service from the distributor `` Helen of Troy '' . I refused to give them another penny for shipping and repair so I got a connector from Lowes to hold the hood onto the stand . THEN , the heater broke and now I only have cold air . It took over 6 weeks to receive the order -LRB- they indicated it was in stock -RRB- BUT they CHARGED my credit card the day I placed the order . DO NOT BUY THIS DRYER OR ANY PRODUCT FROM HELEN OF TROY !
 the pole broke after 2 weeks the dryer was OK at best had to buy a c clamp to fix itwhat a waste
 This dryer is not for ethnic naturally curly hair . It does not dry evenly , it leaves extra crispy dry pieces of hair , especially when one turns on the `` ions '' . Additionally , the plastic piece that holds the dryer head to the pole broke within 3 months of non-heavy use -LRB- and , no , it was not dropped -RRB- . It is extremely loud , so you can not listen to the television - even on volume 70 . I should not have been cheap , and should have just spent the extra hundred on a better dryer . BTW , right now I am drying my hair by angling the dryer head on the edge of the bed and my shoulders . Sigh .
 I bought this dryer for my salon studio because of the excellent price . I rarely use a dryer of this sort as I prefer to use the more gentle thermo-stimulator instead . Anyhow , I am not sure if a piece was missing when I bought it , but I put it together and occasionally it just falls apart at the bottom where the plastic legs snap into the base . I am glad this has n't hit anyone in the head as the top is quite large . It is poorly weighted and poorly designed in my opinion . I am considering supergluing the entire bottom together , which would make it no longer portable , but could fix the problem .
 Recently used this item on a golf outing . I was pretty disappointed . Mainly because there is just not enough of the gell filler in this product to adequately go around more than half my neck or head . I had also order the `` Cool Bandanas '' product and found it had what I would estimate as more than twice as much gel in it to very comfortable cover much more of my skin . I 'm also quite outraged that this product is roughly 3 times the price of the aforementioned cooling band . I definitely catagorically DO NOT recommend this product !
 I ordered more than one of the product and they more than doubled the shipping charge even though the product arrived in a single package .
 This mirror is no great shakes . It will do in a pinch - but the light is very weak , and altho it states a 10x magnification , it sure did n't seem like it to me.I would look a bit harder for something a bit better , this is a mediocre mirror and light - that 's it - nothing special at all .
 I will not buy this product any more nor recommend it to . Absolutly no result , does not matter how you try to achive it . Glad that I spend money just for that one ...
 Recently used this item on a golf outing . I was pretty disappointed . Mainly because there is just not enough of the gell filler in this product to adequately go around more than half my neck or head . I had also order the `` Cool Bandanas '' product and found it had what I would estimate as more than twice as much gel in it to very comfortable cover much more of my skin . I 'm also quite outraged that this product is roughly 3 times the price of the aforementioned cooling band . I definitely catagorically DO NOT recommend this product !
 I am very upset with this order . I got an sample and like the eye cream and ordered from Amazon.com to try to save money . The user reviews on this product on Amazon.com were good . However , the product from Amazon.com smelled differently from the sample I got from a salon . I thought this is from Amazon.com so it should be reliable and just put up with the bad smell . Even though the product also felt different on , At the beginning , other than the smell , it seemed O.K. . However , my eyes -LRB- or skin around the eyes -RRB- then got puffy and itching and peeling after a week or so . Initially , I was not sure why the skins around my eyes were itching as I often have allergies during summer when flowers are blooming . I then stop using it and everything is fine now . The peeling and itching were terrible -- I have never had such reaction to ANY eye creams ! I just wasted $ 40 and suffered the irritations -- I suspect Amazon.com got the product from a `` fake '' source . However , I do n't want to go to the salon to get the `` real '' one now as I do n't want to risk to have the bad reaction again .
 I order the complete age smart set . The Power Firm does not seem to absorb into my skin . The eye complex worked much better for me . I was hoping to relive some dark circles and sagging skin , but this product just did n't seem to live up to the expectation .
 I do n't know if this product works as I have been using it for a couple of days . It goes on smoothly , it 's very creamy . That 's all I can say right now.What I wanted to comment on is the amount of the product . It is half empty ! I kept on squeezing and squeezing and only started to get product of out the tube when I 've squeezed until the middle of the tube.This is a rip-off !
 I got Contract Dermatitis from this product . Anyone with allergies should check with their dr. before using . I wound at the eye dr. after using it for 2 months .
 I am 45 + with combination skin . For the past 2 years I have been battling fine lines and sagging eyelids . I purchased a sample of the power firm and have been using it twice a day around and between my eyes for 3-4 weeks now with absolutely no results . It looks like petroleum jelly but feels like silk and disappears into the skin - it 's quite nice to use - however since I 'm getting no results , I wo n't be purchasing this `` firming '' product .
 I applied this to my eye area before bed ... and woke up the next morning with red , irritated , flaking skin where I had applied it . Stopped use immediately and it took a couple of days for my skin to recover . Unlike most Neutrogena products , this product is clearly not hypoallergenic .
 Absolutely the worst cream ever ! After about a week of using it , my skin turned very red and then gray/brown ! I developed severe wrinkling and my skin became rubbery and loose . I went to a dermatologist who did a biopsy and said that I had developed elastolytic granulomas over the area where the cream was put - the elastin in those areas was destoyed and there was a scarring like pattern of collagen . The normal architecture of the dermal/epidermal junction was also lost - causing melanin from the epidermis to fall into the dermis - basically causing PERMANENT discoloration ! Dont listen to the false hype on the net - that hype is coming from people trying to make money off this stuff - take the advice of someone who has actually USED this product - copper peptide products are NOT good for your skin !
 I waited to write this review to see if this works over the `` long haul '' . Well , this is not my usual review . I read so many positive reviews on this one and had hopes it might me `` the one '' . I was disappointed . I expected more . It has drying ingredients in it and alcohol . Yoo - hoo , does n't encourage dependency ?! I find that claim disturbing and untrue . If you have to keep putting something on over and over and it does not improve the condition or makes it worse , then it is causing dependency in my book . Also , this cost almost 20.00 and is the tinniest amount and did not appear to be filled as full it should have been . It bothers me to pay that much for lip therapy when it is just mediocre at best . I have used it almost completely up in 10 days . My lips are in the same or worse condition . Do n't waste your money , unless of course this product works for you . Actually , It kind of stings when I first put it on as I have one deeper crack in my lip that it has not healed . That surprised me as most things I have used do not sting when you first put it on . After it was on for a minute it felt good . Plain old vaseline works much better than this , it just may not feel as good.The shipping was prompt so have no complaints there . Two stars for efficient seller and it feels good while it lasts.A surgeon and researcher friend of mine told me once that most of these do not work because they have drying ingredients and / or alcohol which feels good when you first put it on but keeps on drying your lips so you keep on buying the stuff . Remember , just because it is `` natural '' does n't mean it does not dry . Example tea tree oil . Feels great going on but very drying . She suggested 2 % -LRB- RX strength -RRB- hydrocortizone for healing . 1 % just does n't quite do it for me . Need to get some 2 % again to use under the lip treatment products.I live in New Mexico where it is dry climate most of the time . Actually , there is about 8 inches of snow on the ground now but still dry inside with heat . I have had a heck of a time finding something to help my dry , cracking lips . I have probably tried everything in the drug store and many others as well . I am looking now for something without all the drying things in it . I have ordered one on Amazon with pure lanolin to try next . I have at times noticed that eye cream works better than lip products on my lips . Makes sense as most eye creams are gentle , no alcohol , and very emollient . It does n't give that ` feel good ' thing but it does help chapped lips . I wonder , is it possible to have both ? The ingredients that cause the ` feel good ' feeling may indeed be what continues to dry our lips . I want both , the ` feel good '' feeling and the healing properties . I will continue my quest , and leave reviews , until I find one medication for chapped lips that is the most perfect . Tune in !
 I read about this product in people mag . Jennifer Aniston said she uses it and it keeps her lips nice and soft . She also said it has a nice smell . I have not been using very long but so far no changes and I do not care for the smell at all .
 I too could not use this lip balm because it actually gave me chapped lips.I kept applying it thinking eventually it would work.Then , one night I put Vaseline on my lips and by morning they were nearly healed.I now put Vaseline on my lips each evening and they are healed and moist .
 The picture shown in this listing is actually the European/Asian version . It has a slightly different scent and consistency . The Nivea lotion that was shipped is the US version . I 've compared both side by side ; rubbed in between two fingers , and applied to my body . They are absolutely not the same . Also this came with pump attached and the lettering on the bottle is in English . The squeeze bottle European/Asian version shown in the picture is what I wanted and what I expected to receive . I 've ordered this lotion for up to 9 years from different vendors trying to find one close to home or in the US . I 'll stay with my overseas connects to get the product I want .
 I also wanted the superior European version of Milk . Same story with product switched for international version without Vitamin E in a lilac colored pump bottle . Am in the process of getting a product return authorization from them . They do not have any more of the German stuff . Drat ! Usually , European versions of cosmetic products , like Clinique , are inferior to US . Not in this case .
 I bought `` Very Irresistable '' by Givenchy from this selller and the perfume looked and smelled different . The smell was horrible ! It smelled like a car freshner instead of perfume . Wasted $ 50 . NOT WORTH IT .
 It 's not an original product . They stole me . The internal pack was open , it does n't smell like the original that my wife have .
 The bottle I received from my fiance , though it was wrapped and in a real box , was a FAKE.The color of the bottle was two shades too dark-it was almost red-and had particles embedded in the glass ; the box was cut open , the lining removed , and glued back together and re-wrapped . When I sprayed it on , I was hit immediately by the aroma of rubbing alcohol . When it hit my skin , it burned . Save your sanity and health , and go buy it in person from the Givenchy counter .
 I purchased this product as my own supply was getting low ... upon receipt ... it did n't appear to be the same thing ... the bottle was a slightly different design and color . . and the perfume did not smell the same ... I tested it on my skin ... on paper and on cloth ... it definately was not the same product ... it was either old , or a `` knock-off '' ... and it smells so bad ... it is not usable ...
 I got Very Irresistible by Givenchy Perfume as a gift for Christmas . As first smell , I loved it . Then I spritzed it and yikes ! That was 2 months ago and I still have the scent on me.It 's too flowery -- it 's not a clean , fresh scent . More of a `` I sprayed a little too much potpouri in here '' scent . Not for people with mild allergies to perfumes either !!!
 Well , I bought this perfume based on the recommendation of the salesperson at Macy 's . She said it was the # 1 seller in the store for a year . So , even though I was n't crazy about it in the store , I figured I wanted to be `` with it '' , and I bought it . Well , at home , I sprayed it on , and my 5-year-old son says `` Mom ! You smell like camping ! Like that stuff we spray on for bugs ! '' Needless to say , I have n't worn it since . Maybe it 's just my body chemistry with it . You should definitely try this on before you buy it -LRB- and maybe ask a kid for an opinion ! -RRB- . I gave two stars because the bottle is unique .
 Just got this as a gift from someone who loves it . It is so strong , perfumy , like you are drenched in fragrance . I 'm not surprised people get complimented because there is no question you are wearing perfume !
 Looks good but taste no good.Looks nice but the quality of EB5 is bad.The cream -LRB- for eyes and face -RRB- is quite different compare to another product.I do not like those.After using this products for a fews days , my skin has been changed . Itching and appear many red spots.I bought this because of the Ad . , so I try.I will never touch or buy that Items from EB5.If somebody think this products is good or want to prove , I can sell to them with a lower price , because I just use a little -LRB- few days -RRB- .
 This product was a good price for what you got , but I was not impressed with any noticable results as was advertised by this company .
 i found this product awful , unpleasant smell , greasy and thick . sent 5 emails to their customer service with NO reply . i finally threw the product away , and figured good money wasted . hope someone reads this and thinks twice before purchasing .
 I had this one when I was 18 and I wouldnt wear it today.Im not a fan of fruity purfumes but I think this is suitable if your 16 years old.The bottle is prettier and the fragrance has a strong exotic fruity smell .
 it will never stop . now annoying britney spears is going to have a perfume , as is christina aguilera , hilary duff , and alicia keys . Why do singers have to capatilise on their fame and exploit their popularity to get more money ?
 Thought it was the same Detangle & Shine leave on conditioner as the other non-red colored bottle . It is not . Does not work anywhere as well as the other product with the same name in the other non-red colored bottle . I bought a case and am open to suggestions of what to use it for because it is not going on my head .
 I like the idea of a spray and go conditioner . So convenient and quick . Well the idea is lost in this product . It does absolutely nothing and is a total waste of money . I do n't know where they came up with the almost $ 20 price but honey , this is VO5 which is a nationally known `` bargain '' product . I think I paid $ 4 - 6 for it a few years ago . Keep looking!Even though I got confused about the product , I still do not recommend it . It is a total waste of money !
 The package instructions are VERY clear
 One star , as I have n't decided whether or not I will use this product . It arrived out of its original box , with TAPE -LRB- no safety seal ! -RRB- around the caps of the bottles ! Enclosed is a a jagged manually cut paper message -- like a fortune cookie -- that said '' ... we have opened your item , secured all contents with tape , and folded the box ... `` Needless to say I am hesitant to use this product ! It was shipped from `` iHeart Beauty & Fashion '' out of LA , and I can not find them on the web.Anyone else experience this ?? Should I use it ?
 I bought this product last year and used it on my brows and lashes . My lashes broke off and the product did not stay on my brows . I would be careful about using this product as it takes quite a while to grow lashes back .
 I 've used three time in about a month . Does a GREAT job of staining my fingers , but barely - barely makes a difference on my lashes . I was hoping for a good result . Not as good as mascara , but at least noticeable . No such luck
 I bought this hair dye thinking it would at the very least tint my hair blue . I had bleached my head before trying the product so that i would get the best results , however all i got was darker browner hair . There was no blue coloring at all . I left it on for longer than the recommended 30 mins and nothing . All i got was blueish purple suds when i was shampooing it out.Also this is n't navy colored at all . The dye is a bluish purple similar to the ink color in pens .
 I have been getting my lashes tinted for several years now and when I saw this product I thought why not ? I could do it myself and save some $ $ at the salon . Boy was I wrong !!! The dye tinted everything but my lashes-it left terrible stains on the skin around my eyes and the `` remover '' they send does not work at all . Plus it did not leave any color on my lashes at all . I tried the product several times thinking maybe I am just doing it wrong but no go . It was a total bust and does not work on lashes . Save you money and go to the salon !
 This product was somewhat difficult to apply and probably took around an hour for my eyelashes . The reason being is I had to repeat the process 4x over to get my lashes black . Also I could not get much color at all to take on my bottom lashes . In the end this only lasted a few weeks . I purchased in store and ended up returning the product . Not worth my time in my opinion , also not worth the chemical fumes being near my eye . My eyes did not water or sting however you definitely know that there are bad chemicals near your eyes .
 I have been getting my eyelashes dyed for years . I was happy to find out there are products on the market that I can use to dye my own eyelashes . I have light blond lashes . This product did not work for me at all . Waste of money . Will try another product .
 I ordered this product thinking that I can use it between dyeing but it is totally useless . It easily dissolves in sweat or rain . Worst part it will get on to clothes .
 Ok , despite the chemical whatnot in traditional makeup like , say , Cover Girl , I 'll take my chances . I found this color of Dr. Haushka 's foundation to be not-at-all `` fair . '' I have fair-to-medium skin , and thought I 'd be safe with this . It seemed chalky , way too orange , and looked mottled on my skin . In sum , I needed makeup FOR this makeup , if that makes sense . Definitely not going to repurchase this .
 Not what I expected . Very old smelling , thick lotion . would not order again !!!!
 This color left a strange pinkish peachy hue on my hair . So bizarre . Bashful blonde shade is much more natural ...
 I had no idea what this smelled like , but at 75 % off , I figured `` what the heck '' ? Boy was I wrong ... this stuff is awful .
 I have &#34; stubborn &#34; grays and it did n't cover them as the product described . My hair is about 70 % gray and brown .
 I only bought this item because it was suggested on a blog as an alternative to hair color without chemicals . I used it and nothing happened . So yea , I was disappointed - oh well .
 I purchased this because I wanted to switch to all-organic make-up and hygiene products . This one is no longer able to be certified `` organic '' because the producers are now in China.Additionally , it does n't go on very well and it runs VERY easily . -LRB- I mean , if your eyes barely water even from sneezing , you 're going to lose your liner . -RRB- Even when your eyes are not watering , by the end of the day you 're left with raccoon eyes.And even though it 's supposedly organic , the product stings my eyes very badly.I switched to Gabriel and I really like it .
 I too just purchased this item and unfortunately did not read the reviews prior . The pencil is marked made in China . The only other writing on the pencil is HONEYBEE GARDENS Belgian Chocolate . It came wrapped in plastic wrap with no other insert or information .
 I bought this eyeliner directly from the maker , Honeybee Gardens , and I was surprised to see that they are made in China and no ingredients are listed on the pencils themselves . Can I trust that they are made with pure ingredients ? Unfortunately , I do n't think so .
 The eyeliner looks good but after awhile it starts irritating my eyes . They start feeling itchy esp . around the lashes and i feel that I have to scratch them all the time , which makes them look all smudged . I ca n't understand why because it is supposed to be ecofriendly and non-irritating , but i guess there 's something in it that is causing an irritation , organic or not .
 After reading about all the toxic ingredients in over the counter cosmetics , I chose to buy this product sight unseen . One of the disadvantages of making purchases on the Internet is that you ca n't actually look at something prior to buying it , and if you do n't like it , you 're stuck with double shipping charges . I had been using Winks and Wet 'N Wild eye pencils prior to that . One of the things I liked about Wet 'N Wild or Winks was that I could apply the eye pencil , smudge it with a Q-tip and have the perfect look and amount left that would wear well throughout the day . And the pencils were twice the size of Honeybee Gardens for one-fifth of the price , excluding shipping fees . Honeybee Gardens eye pencils DO NOT smudge well or last throughout the morning let alone the day . And less toxic does n't necessarily mean less irritating ! For some reason the Honeybee Gardens eye pencils irritate my eyes , making them itch and water . Last , but not least , if you go to the cosmetics safety website
 This is anything but fresh - the perfume is old and smelly - probably why there is so much discount ??
 This is my mothers favourite perfume she has been wearing it for years . It is the only one she will wear so when they discontinued it she was upset . I thought for sure it will be somewhere online to buy and went straight to Amazon . Paying way tooooo much , I bought this product online for my mother for Christmas and later again for her birthday . She didnt want to hurt my feelings so she didnt bother telling me the perfume was a fake ! We live in different countries so I couldnt smell it or see it . She said it reminded her of stale cigarettes ! She finally told me after I ordered it a second time wasting a lot of money . Perfume can not go bad , I contacted the seller and got no response . I cant return the product since she threw it in the trash ! So my advice do not buy from this seller !
 I 've owned and used this mirror for about 6 months . After about a month , the fog-free feature stopped working . They provided a small sample of their fog-free solution but it was not effective . The suction cups are not as strong as they should be . The assembly has fallen many times and the mirror often falls out of the assembly . The razor holders are worthless as with any accidental tap or touch will cause your razor to fall to the shower floor.I 'm ready to try a different one as I 'm tired of constantly fixing this . This mirror was rated a `` best buy '' by the Wall Street Journal Weeken Edition about 6 months ago . That 's why I bought it . I question their testing techniques.I suggest you throw your money in another direction .
 Like the title says emperors new cologne.For people that think if it costs a lot then it is really good.They do not have the talent to go out and judge colognes.People who would go out in public wearing this crap have to be pretty simple.If people tell you that you smell good , they might be getting a good laugh.TRY BEFORE YOU BUY .
 It is a too early to determine if the product , DDF Intensive Holistic Lightener , is effective . I have been using this product for about one month and I believe that it will require 3-months of daily useage to really determine its effectiveness .
 It had been quite a time ago that I purchased St. John Bay Rum previous to this purchase . It was much more aromatic and the scent lasted longer back then . I will go back to Royall Bay Rum for less money and same lasting power . Too bad they had to ruin a good thing .
 Seems like they added a funny smell that did n't used to be there . I will try and find something else that has a more `` bay '' smell .
 I wanted this hair wax for a while , and once I got it I realized how disgusting it was . The wax does not wash out of your hands , you need to wipe them with a towel for a while . Also , the wax takes a week after you stop using it to finally all wash out of your hair . It turns you into a human greaseball . Yes , it does provide a good hold but it is a hassle to wash out and style . I do not recommend Dax Wax to anyone , stick with gel !
 I am a retro guy so i like to have a retro hairstyle but i have trouble with hold so i decided I would give this stuff a try , I have never regreted a decision more . This stuff is the absolute worst stuff i have ever used it had absolutely no hold and it is disgusting . I knew that it would be hard to wash out but it is not hard its impossibe ! I have washed with everything imaginable and it will not come out . Do not buy this product unless you want to lose your hair or suffer all the pain that comes when you try to remove it . It just goes to show that you get what you pay for !
 Do n't every buy this product , , there is no way to wash your hands with a regular soap or water . It was too sticky and there was no way to wash my hair `` I washed my hair twice after I had it on my hair , I had to wash it because I did n't like it '' they want you to buy the oil shamboo from them to wash your hair , but why you would buy the shampoo if the Dax it self useless ''
 I ordered this item because I used to have this wonderful fragrance before . I love the lilly of the valley aroma but this spay is too diluted , so the fragrance does n't stay long , and the aroma is not that good quality.I am disappointed .
 Years ago I used to buy Diorissimo from France , I simply loved that perfume ... the scent would last all day ... Sadly this new Diorissimo I just bought is not at all the product I remember ... the scent will last for 1/2 hour or less ... it is not worth the money I paid for . . I would not recommend it to anyone who knows good perfume and appreciate them
 The problem of ordering this type of item on Amazon is that if you do not like the scent -LRB- or for any other reason -RRB- you can not return the item . Although this is stated in the product description , it is surprising as most items from Amazon can be returned . In this case I did not notice the non-return disclosure .
 my skin is oilier with this . I use maybe once a weekSince I ca n't return it . It leaves my skin smoothBut within an hour or so I touch my face andIt 's all greasy . :--LRB- I wish I could get my $ $ $ back.It was not worth what I paid .
 This mask did not work for me . It left my hair dull and tangled . The smell was very bad , could be because the expiration date was 1/2010 .
 Not the color it appeared on line . Is very fragile . The powder broke up in my make up bag in less than a week . That has never happened to me before .
 I loved this product until they changed the formula several months ago . I have thick , frizzy , dry hair , and the original formula conditioned it well and made it soft and manageable . It was the best conditioner I 've ever used , and it even apparently won a number of awards . But then they changed it , and I have to use 2-3 times as much for less than half the conditioning effect . It 's terrible ! It 's like trying to condition with thick , stiff water - it does not do the job at all . I 'm very disappointed , especially since it 's so difficult to find conditioners that work well on my hair . Now I have to try to find something else because I will not continue to spend money on a product that does n't work anymore . I do not recommend the new formula at all .
 I do not like this product for my hair type . When the cooler weather hit I started having issues with static in my hair . I will be going back to my old conditioner brand .
 I received the WRONG creams ... returned them and NEVER HEARD FROM YOU OR THE COMPANY . I called them and E Mailed them and returned the wrong creams . I have never heard from THEM or YOU ! Shame , shame on Amazon ! Barbara Buckner What a bad deal ! I was charged quite a bit of money for NOTHING .
 I bought the essence through lipsticknet as it was significantly cheaper than department stores . The product was shipped from Hong Kong -LRB- speedy delivery -RRB- but not sure if it 's authentic SK2 . Packaging looks different to the one I normally buy from department stores , no information flier inside the box , and product was n't sealed ! Also , essence has a distinctive smell to it but the one I received does n't have that smell . It seems like it 's diluted with water or a fake product . I have sent an email to the merchandiser but no reply . I 've wasted $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for nothing . Do n't buy it .
 Do NOT order from this person . It Took longer than a MONTH for my item to get to the destination . I bought this for my mom for Christmas and when she received it she thought it had came for her b-day which is at the end of January . Not to mention it was shipped from China and they 're known to have the most amount of bootlegs made in the world.HORRIBLE SERVICE !!
 I bought these clips because they were recommended for the Conair Jumbo curlers that I already own . They will not hold the curlers in place . Tried turning both ways with no success .
 my daughter thought she just had to have these clips . She was so disappointed when she got them and tried to use them . They did not do what they are suppose to do . had a lot of difficulty and trouble.Here they sit in the bathroom closet in the box . Wish I would 've returned them . DO not buy these .
 This product goes on like old white out - big flakes with thin translucent runny liquid in between . Applicator is far too bulky for a decent line even if the product was n't better suited for an office supply bottom drawer .
 This so called eyeliner is so diluted with water it slips off like your putting milk on your skin . I 'll never buy it again .
 after seeing several makeup tutorials on youtube were the `` guru '' tells you to use white eyeliner on your water line to make your eyes stand out , I decided to buy this product since it is liquid and presumably would dry . It never dried on the water line , it spilled into my eye and made me look like I put a glob of liquid paper IN MY LOWER EYELID . It was a mess . May not be the product 's fault . Maybe it 's not supposed to go on the waterline . Maybe a white eyeliner pencil is best ?
 Can I get a refund ?? It 's like moisturizing with glue .
 The product you see is not what you get . Cetaphil recently changed their lotion products and no longer sell the product you see pictured here . I was excited to see I could still buy this product online because it was the only lotion I like . However , when I received it , the product I received was the new one -LRB- which I do n't like as well -RRB- . Very disappointed that I paid for shipping for the new product I could have bought in the store .
 This lotion is the worst lotion that I have ever bought because it leaves my hands sticky and gross feeling . It 's a useless lotion because after I apply it , I have to wash my hands because I ca n't stand that sticky and gross feel . Urg !! Going back to ucerin .
 The first time I ever purchased a bottle of the fake bake I LOVED it . It had an instant skin stain which was similar to a deep walnut color , not orangey at all . It allowed you to get a realistic instant tan and dried pretty quickly . However , when the stain washed off in the shower , there was n't much of the longer lasting tan effect left . However , the color was perfect . When I ordered my second bottle , it was orangey - not at all realistic especially in sunlight . Wondering if they changed their formula ... I hope they go back to the original as that deep walnut color is much better than the orangey color . May try one more bottle and hope for the best before going with another brand .
 I ordered this item because of all of the great reviews it had and thought that it would be better than the product I normally use . When I got it , I tried out the body wash which has a very nice smell to it and feels good , but do n't see where it is anything special . You can pretty much use any exfoliating wash or even scruby and get the same results . Then I tried out the tanning lotion itself . It took a while to apply , same as any other self tanner , but , I do believe it is a bit more messy and thank goodness they supply gloves for you cause it stains alot easier too . It does take a while to dry enough to put clothes on but I do suggest staying in cool temps cause it will `` remelt '' and stain . It also does stain the bed sheets . Once morning comes and you wash it off , the resulting color is very nice , but , I do n't think it 's worth the hassles the night before . The stains do come out from the sheets though . Overall , I 'm not too happy with this product , I 'm just glad I got to try it for a cheaper price . Oh well !
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 This product goes on like old white out - big flakes with thin translucent runny liquid in between . Applicator is far too bulky for a decent line even if the product was n't better suited for an office supply bottom drawer .
 This so called eyeliner is so diluted with water it slips off like your putting milk on your skin . I 'll never buy it again .
 after seeing several makeup tutorials on youtube were the `` guru '' tells you to use white eyeliner on your water line to make your eyes stand out , I decided to buy this product since it is liquid and presumably would dry . It never dried on the water line , it spilled into my eye and made me look like I put a glob of liquid paper IN MY LOWER EYELID . It was a mess . May not be the product 's fault . Maybe it 's not supposed to go on the waterline . Maybe a white eyeliner pencil is best ?
 Actually painful for my ears . I returned it after one use , so ca n't comment on any other features . Back to the drawing board ...
 Yes I actually replaced the original one TWO times . The original was purchased several years ago . In short order the button to retract the cord broke so it was fussy to make work but I used it for ages . I replaced that one eventually and the second one broke just the same way . Mind you both hair dryers continued to work but it was irritating that that darn button broke AGAIN when the retractable cord was the reason for purchasing this model . Anyway bought a THIRD one and guess what ? No ... actually this time , although the button is n't broken yet , the cord will NOT RETRACT all the way so I give up with Conair . I am purchasing a different brand today and hope their mechanism for retracting the cord is better .
 I ordered this particular hair dryer for many reasons , one of which was the color . Clearly from the picture , the item offered was PURPLE . I specifically ordered from this company because I thought they had the old stock color of purple , not the light blue that is the current color . Not only did the hair dryer come light blue -LRB- not pictured -RRB- , but I had to pay to return it ... $ 12.65 ! That was 2/3 the cost of the hair dryer . If the company who sends it does n't have the correct info for ordering , I think I should be reimbursed for the shipping charges . We 'll see what they do ! I will update my review if they do the right thing .
 I purchased this dryer because my very old conair that I loved , quit working . I liked the idea of the cord retracting , which is why I bought it . The cord does not retract very well , you have to shake the dryer to get it to work and the cord is too short . I 'm going to return it .
 I 've been buying Conair blow dryers almost since they were invented -LRB- I 'm 63 -RRB- and this is the first one I 've had a problem with . First of all , I did think it was louder -LRB- or higher pitched -RRB- than I was used to . Cord , folding , etc. works fine . However , lately I have n't been able to push the switch into the `` High '' position . I thought maybe it had to do with the reset button or something , but no luck . If I still have the receipt , I 'll try to return it and get something else .
 At first , the dryer was working well . Then I started to have many problems . First , the dryer 's heat is way too hot . I have thick , wavy hair and when I straighten it , I need the heat setting to be hot . But this was so hot that if I left the dryer in one spot a few seconds too long , my hair would fry . Second , the cord retracted a couple of times and then it never did it again . -LRB- This was one of the reasons why I bought the dryer -RRB- . Third , the dryer is way too loud . Finally and worst of all , when I first bought the dryer it would always shut down after a few minutes , but then it finally died -LRB- in the middle of straightening my hair -RRB- and will not work again ! The thing is I used the dryer about once a week . I mainly leave my hair wavy , but straighten it once in awhile . So , it baffled me as to why a dryer used probably 10 times would break down so easily . I bought the dryer 21/2 months ago and did n't keep the receipt or the box . If you buy this piece of junk , then I would suggest keeping the box and the receipt because you 'll need to return it too !!!
 It seems that there are some very good and some very bad reviews of this product , so it might be a crap shoot . Unfortunately I got one of the crappy ones.I bought this because of the retractable cord.The retracting feature worked the first two times I used it , and then just quit working.I did not pull the cord out past its intended limit , or pull it too hard , or twist it , or abuse it in any other way . But the button that retracts the cord just stopped working at all , and the cord could not be manually `` stuffed '' into the handle either.As another reviewer noted , this is a rather loud hair dryer . Technically , the problem may not actually be sound level , but pitch . This hair dryer is very high pitched - which was very annoying and made me worry about damage to my hearing.I returned it .
 Of the five items I received from ... , this is the only one that did not live up to expectations . I do n't think one should have to have an engineering degree to use a hair dryer . I was unable to get it to work , and even if I could have , it was much to heavy . To sum up , it was quite unsatisfactory .
 It disturbs me that AMAZON keeps selling items after they are clearly lemons !!
 I was very disappointed with this hair dryer . Yes , I like the fact that the cord is hidden , but the dryer is very loud and it seems like the cord mechanism will not last too long . I would not buy it .
 I bought 2 of those hair dryers , one for me , one for my daughter . After mine broke -LRB- 2 months later -RRB- , I used my daughter 's and it worked for maybe another 3 months . The cord did n't always retract and the motor burned out completely . The concept of the dryer is great , but the performance is poor !
 I bought this blowdryer a few months ago and all of a sudden it just does n't turn on anymore ... this is after the cord retraction feature already broke earlier . I never dropped it or handled it roughly , so it is quite a mystery . Please save some money and the environment from more trash , and pass on this one .
 I was drawn in by idea of a folding handle and retractable cord , but the cord is already failing to retract completely -LRB- I 've only used the dryer about 3 times so far -RRB- . I thought 1875 watts would mean a decent air flow , but it 's only so-so . I have to keep it on the `` high '' setting to get my hair dry within a reasonable amount of time , and my hair is n't that thick or long.However , my biggest complaint is the EARSPLITTING noise ! I wish I 'd read the reviews before my purchase , because the critiques about how loud it is are absolutely on the mark . It 's not just a high pitch , as suggested by one reviewer . It 's an extremely loud hiss that sounds like an industrial factory operating at full capacity , inches from your ear . The `` low '' setting is not quite as loud , but as I explained earlier , the air flow is so wimpy at this setting that you might as well not even bother . I 'm going to try and return this thing before I go deaf .
 I was reading all these reviews and finally figuered out what was going on with my hair dryer . I was wondering why it was always turning off . They should put that somewhere . I thought it broke . And I only have had it for a month . Works well , but I do n't want something to keep shutting off on me . Price is good , but I learned my lesson and recently bought a better one .
 I 've had this dryer for a little over a year . In the beginning , the hot setting made the dryer emit a rather disturbing burnt plastic smell , but since I never needed to use that setting given how hot the warm setting is , it was n't much of a problem . But after a year of use , the warm setting is beginning to emit the same burning smell ! The last thing I want near my head is something that smells like it 's about to catch fire . I 'll be replacing this dryer . My other complaint is that , from the beginning , the `` cool '' setting -LRB- and thereby the cool shot button -RRB- is n't all that cool . It wo n't `` freeze set '' your hair as it claims .
 PROS
 I really did n't like this hairdryer because when I did useI felt like my hair was singed . On top of that it made myhair frizzy with flyaways . I definetly would not recomendthis dryer .
 I have used this dryer for a couple of years with no problems but just started noticing the burning smell -LRB- mentioned in a previous review -RRB- when using the high setting . The smell is worrisome enough to stop me from using it , and I 'll be getting a replacement soon .
 I used this dryer and loved it for about 2 weeks then the heat went out on it . I brought it back and got a new one -LRB- the same kind -RRB- and now 6 months later it wo n't even turn on . I am done with these dryers , they keep breaking .
 This concept is great , however this model has not nearly enough watts to dry or style your hair . Their description of this item does not mention the watts . Huge disappointment .
 I really liked the results I got from this iron . However , after about 4 months the connector that you twist to lock the barrels in place no longer worked . I guess you get what you pay for .
 The whole reason I bought this item is because I spend half my time in London and half my time in Austin , and the product description claims the dual voltage makes it usable worldwide . I used it for two weeks in the States and it was fine . Once in the UK , I had to use a coin to turn the ` switch ' to 250 , which is pretty ridiculous , and which took way too much effort , as it was stuck . Once turned on , the tool lasted about one minute before it went dead . Now I 'm back in the States , and the curler is in the trash as it no longer works here either . Money down the drain .
 Both items a much too large for medium and short hair Sorry I purchased it . Will give it to someone with long hair .
 I liked my curling combo for the week that it worked but was disappointed when it started power surging in irregular spurts , making it virtually useless . The company , Helen of Troy , is only open M-F and does n't have voice mail or offer an online customer support option .
 I normally do n't write reviews but i am not happy with this product . There is some sort of glitch in the product to where it shuts off every time it is turned a certain way . It took me FOREVER to get my hair looking somewhat decent . Not worth the money . I bought a revlon air brush that works great instead .
 I have very fine hair that is cut into a -LRB- just below -RRB- chin length bob.What I wanted -LRB- I had high hopes -RRB-
 I 've returned this item -LRB- twice -RRB- as it did not work properly . When you use it and move your wrist , even slightly -LRB- so the cord twirls , as it 's supposed to -RRB- , the unit stops working .
 If you have thick hair , this product is not for you . I was very excited about the other reviews which said they could not do without this combo dryer/styler . I could n't wait to try it . First of all , I found it very hard to handle due to the thickness of the handle . I have short , thick hair , and it was just too large to grasp the hair in the brush . Then there was the power ... or lack thereof . I have an older model that generates 1000 watts . This newer version was about 300 watts . There was almost no blowing/drying power . It would have taken twenty minutes to dry my hair with this product . I tried twice to dry and style with it , realized it was never going to work , and returned it .
 This is a really neat idea but within two weeks it just quit working ! I was styling my hair one second and it was dead the next .
 Took it out of the package , started to use it . I noticed it was a little wobbly , like it wasnt fully together . I went to take it off and the whole thing just came apart , bristles and all !!! And a piece was broken off the head , so couldnt put the other brush on . No , I honestly do not believe this was a user error . . Just be cautious I guess but I would not recommend to anyone
 I just got my shipment and was disappointed . I expected an interchangeable curling iron and brush but this just comes with two brushes .
 My wife had high expectations after going through the reviews for this product . She insisted on getting this product ordered through amazon and if i remember clearly , i did warn her before finally ordering it for her.The outcome has been disappointing for us . She probably used this machine for some 3-4 times before finally giving up and later on getting another similar product from the store which has come out good and effective for her.Feeling low and repenting my decision of buying this item .
 I bought this curling iron combo for a Christmas gift for my mother in December 2010 . It stopped working after the 3rd time she used it . I 'm waiting to see my mother again to return the item . I will not buy another again , I will look for a different brand . I have to say I am surprised it stopped working , I 've never had a hair dryer or curling iron stop working after a few uses . I will send it back and see what they do for me . Since I have n't tried , I ca n't give a report .
 There are only 2 settings -LRB- Hi and Lo -RRB- , and the power is very weak . the brush ca n't hold my thick hair , so it just feels like the thing is slipping around . i 'm really not very impressed , and will probably never use it again . also , this item was much cheaper at my local drugstore .
 I love this product but when I turn it on , it smells like mildew . It must be either old or was stored improperly .
 I owned and LOVED a Conair hot air curler -LRB- cobalt blue -RRB- 1000 watts that I bought at Target . When the cord exterior cracked and exposed wires I had to replace it . I looked everywhere for one like it that had the comb teeth & metal barrel and not a brush barrel . I ordered the black and gold one shown here . I was pretty disappointed to open the box and find a white and hot pink one but that was nothing compared to the disappointment I felt using this styling tool . No where in the description or even on the package or package insert does it say how many watts this is ... ITS ONLY 300 WATTS and is in teeny tiny print that needs a magnifier to read on the UL embossing . It is a weak shadow of the tool I had . Conair why would you bother ? My other barrel styler curled my fine hair nicely this does nothing . What a waste of money no wonder its so cheap on Amazon . I would love one just like my old one this cheap copy is a disappointment.Edit
 I bought this item for a recent vacation to London and was excited to have a dual voltage dryer to use when I travel internationally . First thing to note is that if you use this item on European voltage -LRB- 220/240 -RRB- , the dryer will not go up to `` high '' speed , it will only work on low . But I was willing to deal with that minor inconvenience . I used it the first day I was there and it worked okay , though it took a long time to dry my hair on just low speed . Then I went to use it the second day and it was completely dead . And before anyone asks , yes I did adjust the voltage on the dryer to UK voltage before I plugged it in and turned it on . I do n't know what happened , but I ended up having to buy a local model by a different manufacturer , which I will now use when I travel internationally . Buy this item at your own risk - and have a back-up plan on how you will style your hair if you plan to take this with you on vacation outside the US.I have not yet tried this dryer on US voltage to see if it will still work at home , now that I 've returned . However , it does n't really matter , since I purchased it for use when I travel.UPDATE 12/09/2012 - I tested this at my home in the US and now the dryer works again . But since I bought it to use when I travel , this is really not particularly helpful .
 Another hair appliance in the trash ! The larger , hard plastic attachment hurts my scalp . I have short , wiry and frizzy hair and it 's not hot enough for straightening -LRB- 300 watts -RRB- . The smaller brush attachment wo n't penetrate/grab my frizz , and I like larger curls anyway .
 I used this product at least 5X/week for 2 years and was very happy with it . Then in November it quit . It took me 2 weeks looking in local stores before I finally found the same product ... online at Amazon and so I ordered it . I rec 'd it right away , but it did n't work . The heat and air stopped as soon as I moved the device to work with my hair . I returned it and got a replacement within 2-6 days . The second one worked , but was clumsy to use and my hair frequently got caught in the open/lock connector for changing the barrels . I was not happy . Then I found a small piece of black plastic ring on my counter top . I took the barrel off , checked both sides and both barrel brushes but could n't find a broken edge . When I tried to use it again , my hair got caught in it again . When I released the lock to get my hair out , the brushes fell out of the slotted barrel . The broken piece came from a ring further up on the inside of the barrel , and with it gone , the bristles ca n't be held in place . It is still a Conair product , it looks like the one I used for 2 years , but it is n't the same . It is cheaply made and completely dissatisfactory . I suspect that the product is now manufactured `` offshore '' .
 Bought this to replace fabulous and very old similar Conair model that was held together with rubber bands by the time I had to give up on it . Bought the current model but depending on how I was holding it , the power would cut out , then come on again , then cut out again . Took it back to the store and now have a replacement that does EXACTLY the same thing ! WIll the third time be charm ? Stay tuned .
 I purchased this curling brush to replace an almost identical model -LRB- only difference I could see was color -RRB- that I used and loved for a few years . Unfortunately , this model does not heat up enough to create the curl and body my old Conair hot brush did so well . I have normal , straight , medium-thick hair which `` takes '' curl easily . This is a disappointing product since I have always used Conair curling brushes and irons in the past .
 This Conair product is not worth the money . I previously owned a Conair Hot Air Curling Iron that worked great , this is a completely different design and it fails miserably . It barely curls your hair because the bristles are all hard plastic & the hair has nothing to grab on to . The previous model had rows of the flexible bristles & rows of the hard plastic bristles . It also does n't get very hot , so if you are going to use it to dry your hair , you should look for a different product .
 I like the hot brushes with the hard bristle verses the brush-like bristles and have had a hard time finding them ... so when I found this one , I purchased two of them so that I would have a back-up . The first one broke within the 1st week . The little screw holding the gold metal plates to the bottom ring of the brush attachment popped out causing the top piece to fall completely apart . Upon examination , I noted that the piece that the little screw went into to hold the brush to the ring attachment had broken . I chalked it up to just plain bad luck and began to use the 2nd one that I had purchased . Today , the screw fell out of the second one - same place as the first one and again , the little piece of black plastic that the screw fit into was broken . I bought both of these at a drugstore while we were on vacation -LRB- out of state -RRB- 5 weeks ago . A complete waste of money ! My last hot brush -LRB- by a different company -RRB- had lasted 10 plus years . I guess they do n't make them like they used to !
 I 've had this brush for about a week , and wish I had kept looking . It 's the size curl I want , but it is very , very heavy . My arms are n't terribly strong , so it 's difficult to keep using it for more than a few minutes . I 'll probably have to replace it fairly soon .
 I have short , fine hair . I have used a styling brush , with lots of bristle brushes , for years , just not this brand . Decided to give this one a try . This type of brush will not grasp short hair . Even with styling gel , I end up with a fluffy , frizzy mess . Could not give this thing away .
 I bought this just a few weeks ago after my old air brush died . This one just does n't have enough power . It does n't blow hard enough or get hot enough for my thick , coarse hair .
 I just turned it on . The switch stopped working and now I ca n't turn it off ... Good product but I guess I have bad luck , this is the first time It 's happened to me . : -LRB-
 Electrical cord had short at swivel end . Worked intermittently , returned for credit . Ended up buying similar at Walmart that works !
 Bought a different model for my Girlfriend . It is an excellent hair dryer . I bought this model for my Daughter and it is a piece of Junk . I will not stay running when you turn the brush in her hair and it produces almost no heat and the fan on high setting blows about 1/4 what my girlfriends does on low . A total piece of crap ... I will never buy one of these again
 This was described as dual voltage for worldwide travel . What is not stated is that it can be used only on the LOW setting in Europe . So the air flow is very low , and it takes forever to dry each curl .
 This product is like a toy . After using it twice , the switch broke . You could n't turn from high to low to off . Once you plug the thing in , it just starts blowing in one mode .
 This product might work well on fine to thin hair , although it does not have enough power to really dry or straighten thick hair . The highest setting is still not powerful enough . The brush does n't get hot enough to straighten hair .
 I have had several different hot air brushes and each developed overheating problems from a few weeks to a few months after purchase . The Conair is undoubtedly the worst of the lot . It did n't overheat ; it burned out after 3 days . Even had it continued working , I was prepared to tuck it into a bottom drawer as it had so little air power that my hair had to be almost dry before use . I considered sending it back to Conair but you have to send them $ 7.50 for their return postage . That charge on top of my own postage charges makes their warranty worthless .
 I had one of these and loved it . I got a new one as a `` back up '' . I ended up giving my old one to my sister . When I went to use the new one it popped and fizzled and smoke came out of it . I wanted to return it but it only is returnable for 30 days . SO disappointing !
 I returned this styler after just a few uses because it gets VERY hot , even on the `` low '' setting , and the cord is very short . I do n't recommend it as a hair dryer , styler , or anything ! Look elsewhere .
 I read the reviews of others and was happy about making the purchase . However , I do not know what kind of hair everyone else has but it does not work . Also , it takes a long time to even get it dry and to a point of trying to curl or straighten . Do not buy ... not even worth the price .
 I loved mine , but I 'm glad I did n't pay a lot of money for it . 6 months of use -LRB- not even daily -RRB- and it is DOA . I 'm sad . I 'm looking for a replacement now .
 This curling iron `` hot air styler '' worked fine for 8 months and then died . It is not the ground fault protector -- the reset clicks . The thing just does n't go.Worked fine when turned off yesterday , but today I plug it in and nothing happens.This is the third one I have had . Will see how the 12 mo guarantee works ...
 I am disappointed in this brush drier . It does not get hot enough to do the job . A good brush drier is not easy to find . I wish Conaire could do better .
 This styling tool doesnt work on thicker curlier hair like mine . Probably heats to a 100 degrees - way less than the 140 I normally need . Took close to 10 days to ship . Not worth the money .
 I so wanted this to work but it did n't and I am out the money becuase of course , I opened the package to try it out . Maybe conair just has puny horsepower . This did n't do the job , and I am very sorry I bought it .
 it didnt work , ruined my hair , tangles my hair and wasnt able to get free for an hour . DO NOT BUY if you have fine hair . It MIGHT work only with really dense hair !
 This cologne originally was made in FRANCE , if you liked it , that 's when it was , WHAT is was !!! todays gray flannel scent is made in USA , the fragrance seems the same but changes have been made to its body , this is due to USA restriction of ingredients it contained , which changed the chemistry and resulted in a far less superior scent .
 I LOVE Grey Flannel by Geoffrey Beene ... I know this scent well . This is NO Grey Flannel that I 've received . It smells more like Hi Karate . The kicker is that it is not returnable , being a hazardous material and all . I 'm SO disappointed !!!
 This hair dryer is maybe only slightly quieter that other non-quiet style hair dryer of same size.Since recieving and trying , I have tested other quiet models from other manufacturers that are much quieter.However , the list of features is what I would have wanted if it were quieter .
 This mirror is bulky to travel with . The mirror itself is okay , but is not very compact and does not come with any kind of travel pouch . Therefore , I do not think it should be included as a `` travel Mirror '' .
 I ordered this item on Jan. 14 , 2004 . I have not received it until Mar. 3 , 2004 . I am so upset !
 I agree with the other raters that this a poor quality product . I can do better using a magnified mirror and a table lamp . I returned it within a few days .
 I purchased this mirror for my wife for makeup application , but she said it was like doing her makeup in the dark . It was way , way , way too dim to be of any use . We returned it the next day .
 Just ordered this mirror for my wife for Christmas . Have had it for 2 days and gone through 2 sets of batteries already . I apparently did not read the description close enough because I thought it came with a power adapter , which it did not . My wife tells me that the light is not very bright and due to all of the other complaints regarding the bulb going out , this is being returned .
 I was so excited to find a 5x lighted magnification mirror . I have other Conair products and thought this would be the same quality . Boy , was I wrong ! This light is very dim so if you need the light plus the magnification , please do n't spend your money .
 I just got this mirror today and after only 10 minutes , the light stopped working . I am returning this product immediately .
 It 's tiny , it falls over , the battery dies almost instantly so using the light is basically out , and it squeaks when I turn it around to use the magnified side !
 I bought this because I liked the fact that it was lighted . The light was so dim that it was useless , and I had to use a separate desk lamp for adequate light . To top it off , the bulb burned out after two uses . TWO ! As other reviewers mentioned , buying a replacement bulb is a costly hassle that I did n't bother going through . If you 're looking for a lighted makeup mirror , this is n't it .
 The mirror is small in size and uses two double AA batteries . I was very disappointed in the amount of light that it puts out . I would not buy again .
 Purchased this mirror some time ago and it only worked for a week tops , I thought I may have left the switch on but no , it was n't user error . It was the product . Did n't want to buy the big white square mirror because before now , I thought it was too tacky ... well Ill take tacky over useless anyday . Not a good buy at all .
 Unfortunately , I agree with most on this mirror . It 's too small and the light is weak . The ` battery power ' is bad and the optics suck . That 's all folks ...
 Lights burned out after 4 weeks . Way too much trouble to replace them . Nothing spectacular ; not big enough . This product was a waste of money .
 I 'd like this Mirror much better , if I could find the replacement lamps for it . Can you help me with this problem?Thank you , Joyce
 I had to return this item , it did not live up to its reputation .
 I was never able to use this mirror successfully due to its low light source . Agree with other users -- this mirror was no better than an unlighted one .
 My wife has had this mirror for a little more than a year . She likes it even though it must always be set on the highest setting in order to be useable . One of the two bulbs burned out a couple of weeks ago and I figured , no big deal , I 'll just go buy another - NOT ! Home Depot , Lowes , and several online web-sites have nothing like it . Then I figured , Oh , this is just another scam - buy the inexpensive mirror and then get raked over the coals on high priced specialty light bulbs - BINGO!The only place I 've been able to find them is on Conair 's web-site , but wait -- they are out of stock . You have to be kidding ! If you 're going to manufacture a product with parts that wear out , make sure you keep plenty of replacement parts in stock . Talk about a lack of concern for their customers . I 've wasted far more time than the stupid mirror is worth looking for replacement bulbs . URGH ! Save yourself the frustration . When buying a lighted mirror , make sure it takes something approaching a standard bulb - - and I 'd try to avoid CONair
 The mirror is $ 25 at Target . For that , the bulb should last much longer . It should be easily replaceable too .
 The batteries do not last very long . Mirror is very small , not well made and broke very easy . I have had to purchase another mirror to replace it because the mirror broke while trying to adj the mirror position . I was not touching the mirror I was touching the frame and the mirror cracked . The light is not very bright even when the batteries are fresh . The batteries last about 1 hour of on time .
 Technically it does what it says , but when it said it was lighted and showed the light -LSB- s -RSB- went all the way around I was expecting much more illumination . The amount of light given off is about the same as the < 1 watt covered led nightlights I buy for saving electricity so I can navigate my home at night without having to turn on the main lights . Does it light ? Yes ? Is it enough for makeup , only in a well lit room to start with .
 Not too happy with the reflected image . Have to be just the right angle and distance from the mirror to see and then only a small area is clear . Tried with and without my glasses . Maybe too much magnification .
 I agree with the other reviewers . My Remington 3-way lamp burned out , and I went in search for a replacement . I was disappointed to not find another Remington , after using it for years and years . None of the stores carried much of a selection . I selected the Conair . The `` light '' really is inadequate for applying make-up . I 'm going to return it .
 The light on this mirror is worthless . Besides not being enough light , it completely stopped working after a few days - not sure if it was the bulb or the battery , it did n't matter because the light was worthless anyway . It does have a very good weight which I liked .
 The price was right ; the product seemed simple and hard to screw up . But ... . the light does no good . It 's dim , wimpy . If you want a lighted mirror , vs just a mirror , do n't buy this . Investigate a corded , plug-in .
 The zoom function and flippable mirror are convenient , but I got this specifically to be a `` lighted '' mirror . The light is almost worthless . I get better illumination from my overhead 60W soft-white . If it 's a lighted mirror you 're looking for , might want to keep searching .
 The light around this mirror does nothing but look pretty . I wish I had bought one with more magnification because the light does not help you see any clearer .
 You purchased this item on February 12 , 2009 . Do not buy this mirror-its buld wo n't last for 3 months .
 I bought this at walmart . The light is useless . It is very dim . I like the size of the mirror thought . It 's not too small or too big . Fits perfectly on my vanity table .
 This mirror is fine as a double sided mirror , but the light , when run with battery is weak . The battery option is why I purchased this model . It does not provide enough illumination by itself to be that useful .
 I bought this mirror and the lighting stinks . The trash is where it went !
 I purchased this item and immediately returned it . The lighting on this is extremely poor and I just thought it would be slightly taller . This item was not a keeper for me .
 As soon as i figure out how to return items ... this one will be . I 've never had to return something i ordered from Amazon before . I was disappointed to find out it is battery operated and i only got 1 full use out of it before the batteries died . Delicately would not recommend .
 Bought for Fiance as a christmas present , light went out before new years with 20 mins of use per day .
 I agree with a previous reviewer . This mirror could just as well be an `` unlighted mirror '' for the amount of light it gives off . I returned it after one use .
 I looked all over for this mirror !! Finally found it , I was so excited !! A week later the bulb blew out ... bought 6 bulbs ... none of them fit ... total waste of money . I was so disappointed . I liked the mirror -LRB- and the weight of it was great -RRB- but if you ca n't buy bulbs for it what 's the point ?? Oh yeah , you can order the bulbs direct from Conair ... 4 to 6 week delivery ... who has time for that ????
 I purchased this because it was so cute , and had the Conair name . Within 6 weeks , the bulb blew out , and I started looking for a replacement . Ive been to all the local places , and everyplace I could find online . In an obscure place I found the bulb with the right voltage but not the right wattage . The only place I could get the correct bulb was on the conair website -- but they make you buy 10 bulbs , then charge $ 9.00 for handling . The cost is more than just buying a new mirror ! a rip off !
 There is nothing `` lighted '' about this mirror , unless you use it under a hundred-watt ceiling fixture . The dim glow from behind the mirror is completely useless -- I have to use it next to a window in broad daylight to see a thing . This would make it pretty much the same as an ... unlighted mirror ! Put this product out of your mind and move on to another .
 The mirror 's light is quite dim and the magnification -LRB- 5x -RRB- is inadequate for most purposes .
 I am now going through what everyone else is talking about.Finding replacement bulbs . For $ 20 this is unfortunatelyfor some a `` throw away '' mirror . At least ours lasted morethan 4 weeks .
 This is a nice mirror but the light is simply USELESS . It casts a faint glow rather than a bright light needed for tweezing , extractions , etc. . I would n't dream of using it to apply makeup . Use the AC adaptor or batteries , there is no difference between the two , you still need to be in an extremely well lit room it render it effective . Unless you normally tweeze or apply makeup by candlelight you wo n't find this mirror to be much help . It could however , make a nice -LRB- albeit expensive -RRB- night light !
 I do n't know why they bothered putting a `` light '' . You ca n't even begin to see good enough to put on make up or anything . I bought this mirror and ended up returning it . I would recommend they make the light a LOT brighter .
 The `` light '' provided by this mirror is completely inadequate .
 The on / off switch did n't work after the first couple of times I used it . I do n't have the time to return it , so had to junk it . Poor quality product .
 The lighting is inadequate . The battery compartment is poorly constructed so that the batteries have to be shimmed to work . Not worth the money .
 I did n't realize that 5x magnification was not very much . Following cataract surgery , I now do not have any close-up vision and hoped this would be good for putting on mascara , but NO .
 I thought my skin was pretty awesome ... till I bought this thing . Now I am pretty sure I 'm half lizard . It 's pretty awful . I will never look at myself the same way again.DO NOT MAGNIFY YOUR FACE , you have been warned ...
 Okay , for starters , I bought this item at Walmart -LRB- about 28 bucks -RRB- , excited to have soft , wavy , bouncy , voluminous , `` Hollywood '' curls.Let me begin with my hair type . I have decently long hair , about 5 inches below my shoulders . It has been dyed some , and is slightly damaged but not extremely damaged . I normally curl my hair with a Hot Tools 11/4 inch barrel curling iron and have NO problem getting curls to stay all day , with a spritz of hair spray , not much at all . I have only used these twice , so ill give them another week before i return them -LRB- trying out different methods.Here 's the bottom line : - These create bouncy , big curls/waves-That last for about an hour.I spritzed hair spray all over after blow drying , let curlers get hot -LRB- And I mean FREAKING hot . They get so hot I have to be careful to not burn my fingers or ears . -RRB- Left them in until they completely cooled.Took them out and thought
 So I finally ordered this set of hot rollers after wanting them for quite a while.Well , I 'm glad they were not expensive because I barely get a wave!Guess you get what you pay for -
 After reading reviews about this set I ordered it . My hair is normally really hard to curl and theses did not do a thing to change that . On the bright side they did heat up really fast and they are extremely easy to wrap around your hair and secure . The cover for the curlers was broken when I got it but that was most likely a shipping problem . Other than that its a really great product , just not for my hair .
 I recently wrote a review for another similar Comair curler product - the travel jumbo curlers - in which I said that the curlers melted - the wax came out , and the unit overheated to such an extent that it melted the lid . I was hoping that this was just a dud unit , as the curlers had produced good volume and nice curls . Sadly , the second unit I bought has done exactly the same - and the 4 large curlers have had to be thrown away . It seems that the heating grid over which the curlers fit is poorly made and the curlers themselves use low quality glue which melts . The curlers are wedged too tightly onto the heating grid , the glue melts , the curler starts disintegrating and the wax leaks out . Three of the curlers melted before I could whip them out -LRB- and only about 60 seconds after I switched the unit on -RRB- and the remaining curlers are all singed . I could n't heat up the unit with the lid closed as it started melting the plastic . I would not recommend that any one buy this product - it is potentially quite dangerous - it would burst into flame eventually , due to the leaking wax , if left unattended . The other thing is that the clips for the four large rollers are too small so hair does n't remain firmly gripped while the curler is in . But that is minor compared to the other problem !
 After you own for a few weeks all the smaller dollies melt and break and wo n't fit in the slots . The large ones are good but there are only 4 . The clips are prices of crap . They have all broken . The entire box has started to melt . I do n't leave it on that long . The whole thing is garbage
 I am not thrilled with this purchase because of the very poor quality of the clips . Sorry to say but I would not recommend these to anybody .
 these rollers need to have larger edges to hang onto and to keep hair in the roller area instead of being so flat and the clips are too fat , do not snug-up the roller to the scalp . You have to use several clips in all directions sometimes then you do n't have enough . Does not come with any extra clips . Get just hot enough , but not super hot , they cool down too quick . I wish I could find my old Clairol set I used to own ... . Bought on Amazon , shipping was good
 This is not a good product -- does n't heat up much -- is n't worth the time of rolling your hair on the rollers !
 After reading previous raves on this product , I was so excited to buy it . Having naturally straight and flat hair , I would love a change with soft waves . Unfortunately , this product did not work well with my hair . As mentioned by others , it was hard to clasp in place , and kept on sliding down after I clasped it . There was little change to my hair . The most significant difference was the ends that were curled , but otherwise I would not see a difference at all . After trying it a few times , I just gave up on it , and quite honestly , I dont even know where I stored it . However , maybe it is only my type of hair that makes this product difficult to use . It worked for many others , so you may want to give it a chance , but I much rather a regular curler !
 I have thick , somewhat coarse hair . This means it does n't typically want to curl , but once it does , it stays all day.These rollers did not curl my hair much at all . The ion curlers from Conair worked better for me .
 While these rollers do heat up quickly , I found them to be too hot to use . I was tired of burning my fingers with the rollers -LRB- and my head with the metal clips -RRB- , so I got rid of my set after using it only 2 or 3 times .
 At first I thought these curlers would be great as they give good body to the hair . After using them for several months I have found they are burning my hair and creating a lot of damage to the ends . These curlers are way too hot .
 no matter how many times i mess with these curlers it just doesnt hold ! the holders always fall out with little hair to a lot of hair in the roller . the curl stays but its the messiest curl near the root or its completely straight up top and curled at the bottom . its the most difficult rollers i have ever worked with . it is a little hot to handle but not that big of a deali just hate these rollers and wish i could return them .
 The rollers heated promptly and I like the look of the soft curls that are the result of using these rollers BUT I have to physically hold the rollers in my hair because the clips are not long enough and they -LRB- 1 -RRB- simply allow the rollers to partially fall out and -LRB- 2 -RRB- are almost impossible to remove if you are trying to redo a roller . I am going to order some of the Conair clips and see if that will help the problem , but the clips that come with the set are useless and really need to be re-designed .
 The only good thing about this set is the size of the rollers - just what I was looking for . The clips that come with the set DO NOT HOLD AT ALL !!! I complained to Conair and they sent me different clips ... which do n't hold either . I 've been using hot rollers for over thirty years - I 've never had this much trouble with a set . The rollers are not hot enough when the dot turns white , you have to wait at least another seven or eight minutes for them to be hot enough . If you 're considering this set - keep looking .
 The `` Super Jumbo '' curlers are too heavy to roll up ... they do n't stay in place with the cheap clips . I have long thick hair , so if my hair ca n't hold the `` super jumbo '' roller ... not many others could . Also , the clips come lose with the case . The clips have no storage ... it 's a poor design . The `` super jumbo '' curlers are cumbersom ... it would have been a better product if they left the super jumbos out of the case and added more regular jumbo curlers.Don ' t waste your money on this product .
 I agree with others that the rollers themselves are fine and a good size for thicker hair but if the clips will not hold them up then why bother ? Especially on the top of your head ... they simply will not stay up and the curlers flop around . Very disappointing . Will be returning to Ulta .
 I ordered this model because of the good reviews but this machine is not for fine or thin hair textures which I have . The rollers are nice , the machine heats up quickly , but the steel clips have a slick finish and slide right out of my hair causing must frustration.If I had thick or coarse hair I would give this a 5 .
 These are without a doubt the worst hot rollers I have ever owned/used . The first time I used them my hair came out with no curl . I reheated the curlers and put them in again . Still no curl . There was a SLIGHT hint of wave but that was gone in no time . I thought maybe I put too much hair on each roller , so I tried it again a few days later . I put a very small amount of hair on each roller , which meant that I had to section off my hair into three parts and curl one at a time and reheat rollers in between . After 40 minutes ... No curl !! Only a SLIGHT hint of wave , which was gone in no time . I have used hot rollers for over 15 years now , so I know that it was not user error . I was very disappointed ! I say was , because I have returned the product.I purchased the ConairPro Pro Clips to hold the rollers because I have never liked using the wire clips . I 've used the ConairPro Pro Clips with 2 other types of hot rollers and they worked great , so I know that has nothing to do with the poor performance of this product.I do recommend the ConairPro Pro Clips , but highly discourage anyone to purchase these rollers !
 I want to add my agreement to the rest of the people who found the clips included with this product absolutely worthless . I was n't able to get the rollers to work with the clips provided ever , NOT ONCE . I could n't even get them to stay in for more than 10 seconds . I was forced to purchase the other clips that Conair manufactures and still encounter problems with the rollers falling out . I think the suggestion that one other reviewer had , to wear a shower cap , is a good one . The only problem is keeping the rollers in your hair long enough to put the cap on because when you 're done doing the front and start on the back , the rollers in the front start to fall out , even with the additional clips ! Rather than being able to walk around and put on makeup or get dressed , this product forces one to stay absolutely stationary to have any prayer of getting the rollers to stay in.I am absolutely stunned that this product ever made it to the marketplace as it exists . Did no one at Conair ever test this ? No one at Conair found any problems with it ? The problems this unit has is so egregious that people should have lost their jobs over it.There are some benefits - when you do get it to work , the hair styles it produces are beautiful . I have had several stellar hair days due to this product . The fact that it heats up so quickly is also wonderful . However , due to the drawbacks with the rollers themselves , I ca n't really recommend this product to anyone other than those who are gluttons for punishment.I am jealous of all the people who have written reviews and do n't seem to have these issues . I have experimented with every technique I can think of with no luck .
 I bought this product and have it delivered all the way to Singapore . I have been using Remington 's heated rollers and I love them , but I have been wanting to have bigger rollers to create Victoria Secret models ' big , beautiful waves . So I was really excited when I found them . Unfortunately , after the first time , the side of the rollers which was made up of the silver velvety material started to burn ! I noticed it when it produced a smell and smoke ! The rollers are in danger of overheating without any homeostatic control mechanism unlike the Remington 's heat rollers I 've been using . Once , the heated rollers were so hot it almost burnt my scalp . While I like the jumbo-sized curlers so much , it 's a real disappointment it 's so dangerous to use it .
 I bought these rollers and they barely heat up or curl my hair . In 2 seconds my hair was completely flat . Definitely would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I bought these about a month ago . Okay , first , if you have long curly hair -LRB- middle of back or longer and almost all one length -RRB- you will need two sets -LRB- ca n't anyone make a large set 14-16 curlers -RRB- and extra pens -LRB- which they never include -RRB- . Second , the actual curler needs to be a little longer . Third , I know the curlers are big , but still could be bigger , much bigger . These are `` supposedly '' made for women with LONG hair ... if so they missed the mark . Maybe shoulder length . I have been curling my hair on and off since the 80 's so I know how to use hot rollers , yet all these years later , I still feel like I have my old high school set ... sheesh!They do get hot , they do curl . BUT I had to use my 1.5 '' curling iron , once I ran out of curlers with my hair hanging off the sides of the curlers , to finish my hair . I will be purchasing some really large velcro curlers . Save my hair from the heat , plus I let me hair air dry anyway.P.S . And WHAT is the deal with the pens ... are they really that expensive to make that the company/maker ca n't included lots of extras ?? I mean really !!
 Though they do heat up quickly , I ca n't get them to stay in my hair long enough to work well . The clips do n't keep them in my hair -LRB- shoulder length and fine - but I have tons of it -RRB- ... I think the ` velvet ' finish makes them just slide right out . Also the edges and the clips also heat up - but way too hot for my scalp . Maybe better with a coarser type hair .
 I have long , straight , fine hair and was very excited to receive this product . I read the reviews and tips , let the curlers heat up for a long time , left them in for a long time , sprayed my roots with hairspray , etc. . When I took the curlers out my hair looked great , for about 45 minutes ... then I was left with a gross hair sprayed mess ... what do you do then ? I started the process over and heated the curlers up again , left them in a long time , took them out and they looked great , for another 45 minutes.Now I only with I could return them . I 'm sure it is just my hair type since my curling iron has the same affect . I have ordered the Caruso steam curlers now as a last hope ...
 The rollers are exactly as described . Cool to the touch with a velvety covering . The clips that come with the rollers work really well in keeping the rollers in your hair - however , for my hair they left indentions . I also bought the jumbo clips -LRB- extra -RRB- which do n't work as well as the ones that come with the rollers . They also left indentions in my hair . This could just be that my hair is so fine . The disappointment comes in that the rollers just do n't get hot enough to make good lasting curls -LRB- they are limp at best -RRB- - and with my hair being so fine and usually curling too much - I ca n't imagine that they would work very well on someone 's hair that is thick or coarse .
 If I could I would give this product zero stars because that 's how bad it is . There 's no way to remedy the problems with these rollers . The clips do not hold the curlers in your hair and the rollers are so big that they do n't do anything for your hair . I 've used different curlers in the past to curl my hair and these are , by far , the worst of the lot . I ca n't decide if I should throw them away or try and sell them to someone else because one try was enough . I bought mine for $ 10 at a yard sale unused and still in the original box .
 When something sounds too good to be true , it usually is.Such is my experience with the Conair instant heat jumbo-sized rollers.I have long , straight , baby fine hair . As my hair grew past my shoulders I found that the old roller set I had , with the brown velvety colored rollers -LRB- you know the type , your moms have this set and it comes with three sizes of rollers and flexy metal stay put holders -RRB- was n't giving me the big , bouncy ` Hollywood ' curls I wanted so I looked around and found this set with it 's jumbo rollers and instant heat styling.Now , just to give you a little background , this is n't my first ride on the jumbo-roller-express . I bought a set of 8 jumbo rollers thirteen years ago , they were white , hard plastic with little poky things all around -LRB- I guess the pokies were meant to keep your hair from slipping off the rollers -RRB- . They were an expensive waste of money . The rollers did n't get hot enough to do anything but make my head warm and the little pokies ripped my hair out -LRB- youch ! -RRB- . Fast forward thirteen years , and I thought to myself , ` maybe the technology has caught up with jumbo rollers . I mean thirteen years ago we did n't have Ipods , super colliders and bedazzlers , surely something as simple as big bouncy curls can be achieved at home now ! ' I was pretty excited.So , I bought these rollers and they suck almost as bad as the 1997 poky ones -LRB- on the plus side , they were less expensive -RRB- . There is a strange dent in my hair from these rollers , they have a split in the side so that they can slide onto the heating element and the slit coincides with the dent . Speaking of heating , they do n't . Heat up that is . I have tried giving them 5 , 10 , 15 and on one annoyingly boring day , 33 minutes to heat up and they just are never hot enough to do more than put a fuzzy dimple in my hair.I 've tried the rollers on newly washed and dried hair , slightly damp hair , slightly dirty hair -LRB- skipped a day of washing -RRB- and nada , did n't make a difference.Arrgh , anyway , I do n't know how to get big bouncy -LRB- and quickly styled hair -RRB- without having giant can rollers and a blow dryer -LRB- I 'm too lazy to try it , but I 've seen movie stars in magazines with cans in their hair , so it must work , right ? -RRB- . My search continues ...
 I have very long , normal/thick hair . The pins kept popping off and flying across the room . The rollers did n't get very hot . It created weak curls in the front and the curls in the back fell out instantly . I ended up returning them and bought Jilbere ones instead that come with clips that help keep the rollers in place . I 'm very happy with my new purchase .
 Do not waste your time and your money on this product . The metal clips are completely awful and do not hold your hair at all , the end up falling right out . Then when you finally get them to stay , after much frustration , they poke at your scalp to the point where it is unbareable for them to remain in any longer . The curlers do not reach a high heat , and therefore do not curl your hair . I kept the curlers in for about 25 minutes , and when I took them out , my hair was exactly the same .
 While these do heat up quickly they do not work very well . I have very thick long hair and wanted more large rollers . These rollers do not provide a decent curl . The clips did not work and I had to purchase 8 butterfly clips to hold the rollers in . I would n't recommend these rollers.I will go back to my cheap clairol `` Set To Go '' rollers that work beautiful , I 'll just have to get another set as these only come with 5 large rollers.These were expensive and disappointing do n't waste your money .
 I bought these a few months ago and the lid has already broke . I emailed conair , NO RESPONSE ! Your hair gets stuck in the middle of the rollers . NOT GOOD , I would not buy them !!!
 I received the rollers two days ago . I have been a Conair customer for over 15 years and I was extremely disappointed in this product . The rollers were fine but the clips that came with them do n't even hold the rollers nor are they made for them . Where it normally takes me 5 minutes to put them in my hair , it took triple the amount of time , more trouble than it 's worth . It was so aggravating trying to hold them in place as they just did n't grasp the roller . Having had enough I returned them this morning and to add insult to injury , shipping them back was $ 10.00 . It will definitely make me think twice before I ever order another Conair item .
 I bought these rollers because I wanted an all-jumbo set for my long hair . I have used this type of clip-roller before with no problems , but on this set the clips do not hold the rollers securely and they tend to droop or even fall out . Maybe with another set of clips it would work .
 These just wo n't hold.I called Conair and they sent me wire clips which fit the jumbo rollers , but not the super jumbo which leaves me with 4 rollers which are unusable and 8 rollers are n't enough to do my hair . the smart clips that come with them wo n't hold especially on the top of my head and they leave marks and dents . Not happy at all with these .
 When I bought these curlers I was a little concerned . I grew up using electic rollers and the slim metal pins to hold the curler . And boy oh boy , did I master those clips . But I noticed that NONE of the new curler sets had the pins but new type of clips . I have extremely thick and curly hair and tend to set my hair in specific direction to maximize control and style.I was very disappointed that the new fangled `` clips '' would only work correctly in a certain direction other wise the curler would drop due to gravity . They held floppy in my hair and I have to be careful not to move too much once they are in . In some cases the clip left a `` dent '' in my hair . Although I am getting better putting those clips in , it is not uncommon for it to go flying across the room . I miss my old rollers.I am sure the manufactor created this clips to avoid other issues , but it just does not hold the curler to my head and my hair ends up frizzy within an hour.I will look for some new fangled larger clips that they sell seperately to see if this solves my issue . If not , I will be scouring the internet looking for those old curlers with the metal pin .
 I can not get these curlers to stay in my hair . I 've used other curlers successfully , not sure what the issue is here but the clips provided just do not hold the curlers in place .
 I purchased these rollers because I felt the positive responses outweighed the negative . That was a mistake ! These do get EXTREMELY hot - to the point that my scalp and forehead were burned by them . I sent them back . Maybe they work for coarser , thicker hair , but not for my fine locks . The clips did not hold the roller well and were hard to place without jabbing the scalp . I can not recommend this product .
 The product was defective when I received it . The return was difficult . I could not find number to call Amazon with problem . I would purchase from local store next time for easier transaction .
 I bought this to curl my hair because it got great reviews on amazon . I tried it and it wo n't curl my hair AT ALL !! i ca n't even figure out how to pin the rollers to keep it rolled up . Either way i tried holding the round thing with my hair wrapped around it and nothing happens . Maybe i 'm just not getting it lol . Got the chi iron instead and so worth it !
 Dont waste your money on this either , too big , too bulky , wont hold any curl in hair . A waste of money .
 these are THE worst hot rollers that i have ever used , and i have been using hot rollers since they came out in the 60s . the wires to hold the roller in your hair are too short . they keep falling out ! and that space in the roller ... . OMG the wire gets caught in it and if the ends of your hair happen to be there you get crimped ends . these are blacklisted as far as i am concerned . !
 The flocked surface is nice , but the design overall is not good . The clips are too short to hold rollers in place . Back in the day , such u-shaped clips were about an inch longer , and I never had a problem before with the rollers falling out . Not true now . Also , the clips are color-coded at the tip to match the size of the roller , but the colors are so close , it 's hard to get the right one . The grove in the roller to hold the roller on the heating element makes it difficult to get the clip over the roller
 It may have just been my hair -LRB- it 's really fine -RRB- , but man , these rollers would not stay in my hair . They just fell out again and again . The clips are just awful at keeping them in there . It may work if you bought different clips ... ? I was just sick of trying though , I just returned it .
 Loved the fact that the rollers were big . Nothing else was worth using . While it heats fast , the metal SHORT clips do n't hold the roller in place and if you do n't put enough hair on the roller , they burn your head . You would think Conair would have enough experience to know better !
 While the rollers themselves are great - heat up VERY quickly and hold the heat for a long time - the metal clips that come with it to hold the rollers are AWFUL . They do not hold the rollers at all , even if you use two at a time -LRB- there is only one per roller -RRB- . I will be returning this item promptly .
 Plugged 'em in , the place filled up with noxious fumes and smoke that I could taste for hours . Tried again , same thing . And again . Sent 'em back .
 The curlers burn your hands and head as you try and put them in place which would make you think you would end up with at least a good curl . However , curl does not keep . Look for hot rollers that have a claw to hold the curler in place as this product does not and does n't keep curler in place . Seller was great but product not so hot .
 I bought this set on sale yesterday from Target ------ a horrible disapppointment ! They do n't get hot enough , and after leaving them in my hair for about 10 minutes , I barely had a limp curl . Also hard to keep them pinned in the hair . I 'm returning them today and starting over !
 I was looking for a large roller set for body and volume and thought this would be good after reading many of the reviews . After using it a couple times , it did not work for me and I returned itPros
 Ordered these last week for $ 29 , now they are $ 19 . There were NO clips included , meaning not only has it cost me $ 10 more ; I now have to go buy clips :-LRB- Have n't tried them yet to review how they work as there were no clips !
 The velvet around the roller is great but , like everyone else said , the slot on the roller leaves crimps and the dumb metal clips they give you do not keep the rollers taut enough to do a good job . My hair is easy to curl and even after hairspraying it , and keeping the rollers in for 20 minutes , while the metal clips burned my scalp and neck -LRB- I literally had to lift them away from my neck so they would n't burn me -RRB- , I still ended up with just slightly wavy hair and NO body nor curl at the top . . I 'm returning them after just one try .
 I 'm new to the roller world , but although this product is exactly as described , it is way too much of a hassle . I attempted to use the rollers for the first time over the weekend . I had trouble right off the bat getting my hair to stay in place while rolling it up . When I did manage to get the strip of hair to stay in place and roll , the pins were ill-fitting and the rollers fell out almost immediately . Additionally , I kept burning my fingers on the rollers . I would love for my hair to have more body , but this is more trouble than it 's worth . I 'll stick with my curling iron !
 I gave this a two star simply because the clips do n't work . I liked the rollers , but the clips are terrible ... they are just too short to secure the roller because of the weight of the roller . I like to set my hair and walk away to do other things while they cool in my hair . Rollers just fall out . Luckily I have pins and hinged clips from other roller sets -LRB- also Conair -RRB- or I would have returned the entire unit . Crummy pins do n't work at all . You have to purchase clips separately or use some from previous sets hoping they fit the jumbo roller . The clip arms are 1/2 the length long than they were a few years ago when I bought a standard set of rollers . Would have given 5 stars , but having to adapt clips takes a while . I noticed that Amazon recommended that you buy the Conair Champion Salon Pro Roller Clips along with the curlers . Feel like it 's a bit of bait and switch on this product . I think products should be ready to use out of the box
 I liked the flocking on the rollers so my straight hair did n't slip out so easily , BUT the wire clips scrape off the flocking . Also , the wire clips for the super-jumbo rollers are not long enough to stick out beyond the roller enough to hold the hair ! The roller just flipped right over the clip and fell out . I tried it different ways and could n't get them to work . -LRB- I used rollers with these clips for years , so I know how to use them . -RRB- Also , even though I rolled the hair on the rollers smoothly , my hair came out with awful crimps ! I 'm guessing it 's because of the slot in the middle that goes all of the way through to one side the roller . Then there 's nowhere in the case to store the clips . Where do I keep them ? Could n't they have made a slot so I could keep them with the rollers?By the time I finished rolling my hair , the rollers were so hot as to burn my hands . When I took them out after they cooled , I had to use my curling iron to fix the crimps in my hair , and there was very little wave after an hour . I ca n't stand these rollers , and they 're going back right away .
 I have thick , medium length hair . These curlers created way more volume than I like , giving me terrible helmet hair . I tried rolling them in different directions , and nothing seemed to help . These are too jumbo for me . Would probably work better for someone with finer/thinner hair.Pros
 I used to use my mom 's hot rollers from the 70 's . Hers were ceramic and gave great body that lasted all day . I was very disappointed with the results here . There was no curl and little body ! My hair is long , about to my shoulder blades . I expected more . Maybe I need to use smaller rollers ?
 The curlers get extremely hot . Thus , if you have fine hair , they burn your scalp . The clips are very hard to get to stay in . I am sorry I bought these and wish for a great replacement . They do curl hair , so that 's a point on their side , and they are quick to heat up -- to a burning temp .
 First of all , it took FOREVER to be delivered-4 days after the posted expected delivery date . The rollers have a big slot running through the middle of them so that they fit over the heating element so they heat up nicely . However this allows my hair to get caught them . But the worst thing is the clips that came with it ! They are thin wire and too small for the biggest rollers and , if you can get one to stay on , it flys off , ending up somewhere across the room ... these clips DO NOT hold any of the the rollers in place . I called the company and ordered different clips but the customer service rep sent me the SAME thing ! so , now I have 20 clips that do n't work ! I called again and this time I was informed about a `` clam shell '' type clip that fits over the rollers and I would have to pay $ 10.00 extra to get them ... so , I am now waiting for them to come . If I had seen that this unit did not have the `` clam shell '' clips supplied with it I certainly would NOT have ordered it . I 'm very sorry that I did !
 I purchased this set after reading many reviews on many different products . I 'm disappointed these came with the old fashioned wire clips instead of the newer claw type clips shown in the product image ! I did not get what was described . This makes using the curlers much harder for me , the wire clips leave a mark in my hair . The rollers do heat up quickly and work well IF the correct clips were included I 'd be very happy !
 These were OK , they curled my hair pretty good . But I was most frustrated because there is no little door or compartment to hold the wire holders . So my curlers are in one part of my bathroom , and my holders are in a drawer . Not convenient .
 I only used this product once , because that is all the product would allow me . The only time I used it , I heated it up , and placed the rollers in my hair . It didnt feel much hotter than normal hot rollers , but when I took them out of my hair I found that the plastic had melted , and the rollers were deformed . Luckily my hair was not fried completely , but it did take about a week of conditioning treatments daily to repair the damage.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 Dear Conair
 I ordered these rollers from Amazon because they were less expensive . They sent them to me , but they were the next model down that does n't have the new clips -LRB- it has the old metal pins -RRB- and it does n't have the ion shine mechanism . I thought it was an honest mistake , so I returned them and had them send a replacement explaining my dilemma . They very quickly sent me a new one , but it was THE SAME LESSER MODEL.I explained again and sent it back for a replacement . They sent me a note saying that they were going to refund my money instead and that they could n't help me.Bait and Switch for sure !
 The rollers heat up enough , but it is difficult to get the wire clips in the right place because of the design of the roller . It has an opening on each side from which it heats up on the machine . But then to navigate the clip away from these 2 openings is a major pain . I 'm either going to buy a new set of rollers or look for a clip that clips easier .
 When I first got these this summer I thougt they were nice . They heat up quickly and I did n't mind the split down the middle . Then some of the rollers I have dropped on the floor did not seem to fit smoothly into the slot they heat up in and and the stress of pushing them in and pulling them out started to cause the rollers to break apart.Just this week the back row of rollers stopped heating up and the front row does not seem to have temperature control . The front row got so hot the silver plastic started to melt !!!! I 'm disappointed because I did like them .
 Great rollers that heat up fast but who invented the clips ???? They are a disaster ; I am using my older clips for a tighter hold . These newer clips do not work and one would think in the instruction booklet they would have a drawing to show you how to put them in securely . What planet are the folks from CONAIR living on ??
 These curlers do not get hot enough . The pins work just fine , but they do not get hot enough to make a lasting curl that is worth the effort or the money spent . The size of the curlers are awesome if they did get hot enough , I 've even tried using less hair in each section even though I have thin hair to begin with . I would go with a different product .
 I bought the jumbo hair curlers as a quick and easy way to give my hair body during the busy morning . I really like the size of the curlers and they become hot in minutes , all positive . The frustration comes with the clips that are used to hold the curlers in place -LRB- low quality -RRB- . The plastic clips are held together by a circular metal piece . They are constantly falling apart , as easily as it is to put them back together , but doing it repeatedly every morning , especially when you 're in a rush is just irritating . I believe that there are better quality product out there for the same price .
 The design for this product is flawed . The clips that hold the curlers on are
 i really wanted to love these but the wire clips that come with them alone have caused me so much frustration I ca n't even put in words . I used to curl my hair with a flat iron and self grip rollers , basically warming up sections of hair , then rolling them , so I decided to get a set of hot rollers to make the process easier . Yeah , well ... it takes me three times as long to curl my hair with these because the stupid wire clips do not hold the rollers at all . My hair is n't super fine , nor is it super thick , it is just right in the middle , but apparently my hair is too `` slippery '' for the wire clips to hold the rollers in it . The rollers simply drop or fall out . I read to get claw -LRB- jaw ? -RRB- clips with these to combat this issue and I will . Nevertheless , this gets a 2 star rating because I paid $ 30 for it and I do n't believe the frustration that comes with this is worth that much money . Also , the clips are an important part of this product and they SUCK . The rollers are okay , good for volume , which is all I want -LRB- do n't get these if you want actual curls , get smaller ones instead ! -RRB-
 I have fine , wavy , medium-long hair . I let these heat for half an hour , left them in my hair for another half an hour and nothing . Maybe a slight bend in my hair . Also , the dimensions are off . They are not 1/1/2 and 1/3/4 inch diameters but about a quarter inch smaller overall .
 I ordered this roller set and it is NOT DUAL voltage . I ordered again because I was told by Amazon was dual voltage and again -LRB- 2 time -RRB- received and is ONLY 120V . Amazon should clarify this information so the client does n't trash time and money sending it back . do `` t RECOMMENDed .
 I was disappointed with these curlers . They did not stay put with the included clips in my fine thin hair . I am returning them b/c it was too frustrating trying to get them to stay w/o slipping .
 The rollers got far too hot for my scalp . They burnt my scalp and were very painful to use , had to return them since they are dangerous to continue using .
 I ordered this product for myself as a Christmas present . I have long hair and when I straighten it , there is not much body . I hoped these heated rollers would do the trick . Unfortunately , the rollers will not stay in . I would secure one and when reaching for the next one , the first one would fall out . Sometimes I could get as many as three in if I was careful with my movements . The strands of hair I was able to get around the rollers did look good and had the body I wanted . However , the rollers are so difficult to use , I finally gave up on them . They were a total waste of money .
 I have naturally straight hair . My hair curls with the curling iron so i thought these rollers would work . I was so excited to try them out when I got them . The instructions say to leave the rollers in your hair until the rollers cool down . The rollers were cool in my hair after 15 - 20 minutes but I left them in my hair for 30 minutes . I took out the first roller and was immediately disappointed with the curl . It was n't even a curl it was more like a flop of limp hair with one puny little wave . All of my hair turned out this way . i was so sad . I used allot of hair spray before I rolled them into my hair so next time I want to try the rollers with no hair spray . Also , I have hair that reaches to my arm pits so maybe my hair was too short for these jumbo sized rollers . I think if I had smaller ones they might have worked . Either way i 'll keep them until my hair grows longer then maybe they 'll work . Another thing , the pins they give to hold the hair onto the rollers `` are '' a little hard to use . some of them did not hold my hair onto the roller . i had to use clips . = -LRB-
 These do not get hot enough to set a curl . Unfortunately , the box was recycled with the other Christmas boxes so I guess Goodwill get a new set . Perhaps they will work better with another hair type . My hair has a good bit of body and is shoulder length , thick , but very fine .
 I do not recommend these curlers . I can not get them to hold for nothing in my hair and it normally curls very easily . I guess I 'm glad I did n't over pay for these . Very bummed .
 I bought these curlers even though I had never used curlers before . I had grand visions of beautiful , smooth curls on my blonde head . It seemed like these curlers would do the trick.My hair and head is still hot from using these and I 'm dissappointed . First of all , these curlers are smooth -- which it occurs to me only now that perhaps a curler with `` teeth '' might be better . Putting these things in my hair was terribly frustrating . The clips do n't hold them tightly and they flop around -LRB- perhaps a jawed clip would work better ? -RRB- . There are n't enough curlers in this set to do my entire head ; so there are two rounds of fun.Perhaps I 'm this frustrated with them because I have never used curlers before . But , based on my experience I ca n't see why anyone would use them anyway . My medium length , fluffy but not unmanageable hair turned out looking like an explosion . I 'm glad I tried this on my day off -- but then again , I 'm not because now I 'm frustrated on my day off.Anyway , maybe they are wonderful , I do n't know . Maybe I 'm just awful with curlers and unpatient . Buy them or do n't . I guess you never know until you try -- well , I tried and I do n't like .
 These hot rollers do n't do anything . There are no curls in my hair . I have long layered hair and the rollers wo n't stay in . When I take them out there is n't even any body . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased these rollers and just tried them today for the first time . The rollers appeared to heat up well , however , I do n't know if they would curl hair or not as the clips were 100 % useless.They would not stay in at all , and just moving your head a fraction of an inch sent them dropping to the floor . These clips are completely worthless .
 You need two hands to turn it on or off , one to hold the case and one to move the switch . The switch `` on '' position is to the left , kind of odd for a product sold in the U.S. . The clips are horrible , horrible , horrible .
 I used this product to keep my microbraids looking great . It worked well for a year , and then just stopped working ... . it no longer heats up . I called Conair and the product is past the warranty period , so I am SOL . I do n't want to have to replace the whole product every year . I 'll have to find another brand .
 I have looked everywhere for jumbo rollers , and these seem to get the best reviews of any of the lower-priced items.But when I rolled my hair with them , there were crimps in my hair from the lines down either side of the rollers . I ca n't think of any creative way to avoid the crimp , so I got rid of the rollers . -LRB- And yes , I did notice that they were way too hot to hold on the plastic ends -RRB- . I 'm sure everyone using these has very pretty curls , but they 're probably also walking around with crimps in funny places all over their heads .
 I bought these from another store , and they are just terrible . They made my hair static , and I do not have a problem with static hair . They also leave a mark in my hair from the slot where they are heated . I would not reccomend these to anyone , regardless of what these other reviews say , I would not buy them !
 Bought this for my girlfriend , because she really wanted a quick alternative to a curling iron , something she could leave in her hair while she does her make-up . She tried it for a week before returning it . Even with extra clips , the curlers would fall out . Her hair is naturally curly and usually holds a curl for days , however her curls fell within minutes with this for some odd reason . This is the second conair product we 've had to return . Do n't think I 'd buy their products again .
 These rollers are heated through metal slots in the center . The roller part is very comfortable but the metal slot burns the scalp . I gave them to charity .
 i wanted to like this product but used it one time only . it caught and ripped my hair . also , the wires that were supposed to hold the hair on the curlers did a poor job . i went back to my set that is 10 years old . it is a conair also but does not catch and rip my hair and the clips work well . do n't change what works conair .
 These absolutely would not stay in my hair which is pretty thin and fine . I even bought the white comb clips -LRB- which left horrible creases by the way . -RRB- I went back to the old reliable velcro rolls which you ca n't heat up but they work much better .
 I bought these hot rollers after reading the reviews on Amazon and finding that they were higher rated than most . I have long -LRB- to the middle of my back -RRB- wavy-ish hair that is pretty thick . I was looking for those loose Kim Kardashian/Jennifer Love Hewitt curls . When I received the set I was pleased with the quality and flocking on the rollers , although the metal pins would not hold at all in my hair , so I purchased some Conair Pro Clips instead . I followed all the directions exactly , even looking up videos on You Tube for suggestions on how to achieve the look I wanted , but every time I tried them , my hair did n't curl . In fact , it pretty much straightened it ; which was the opposite of the look I was trying for . After a few weeks of consistent trying , I gave up and sent them back . I have since bought another set with smaller rollers that I am going to try . I would only recommend these rollers for those with medium to short hair who are looking for a smooth look with little to no curl .
 Every time I use these hot rollers , I swear I will never use them again , and promise myself I am going to buy a new set immediately !! The clips are my biggest complaint . They simply do NOT hold the curlers properly ! Grrrr ... . I end up using two clips on certain areas of my head .
 I already have a Conair hot rollers -LRB- which I really like -RRB- with plastic clips the ones pictured on Amazon . The hot rollers I received came with wire clips . I wanted a new one . The wire clips do not hold the curlers in , they fall out.The picture on Amazon shows the plastic clips come with the rollers.I received the rollers 7/8/11 and the clips are wire ... I can not use them.I would be happy if you sent the plastic clips . Otherwise I will return the rollers .
 Curlers are large , which is good ; however , they do n't grip hair at all . The pins to hold them in place burn your scalp . I have tried them 3 times , but I plan to return them . I would not recommend these . They are equivalent to the old curlers from the '70s . . no advances/improvements .
 I have long hair and these rollers only give me a slight wave . They just do n't get hot enough . But on the bright side they are made well and when I want just a little wave they do the job very well .
 I bought these curlers at Target on clearance for 19.99 . They are ok but b/c my hair is shoulder length they were too big . I did like that they came in large sizes thougha nd they did heat up very quickly . The clips are these plastic clips that you squeeze the ends and it opens up , but they are very thin and do not hold well at all . I am returning thema nd going to try another set .
 I am an absolute glamour girl , to the core , and have had hot rollers in my life for as long as I can remember.Earlier this year I decided that I wanted some of the vanity space back that was being taken up by the enormous footprint of my wonderful and belovedRemington H9000 Pearl Ceramic Heated Clip Hair Rollers , which I had been using for over two years , and never had any issues with , other than the huge space they require.I decided to go with these Conair Rollers , as they were flocked , jumbo , and heated quickly , like my Remington Pearls.The pins these rollers come with * are * difficult to work with , but I found that if you pinch them in a bit between the ends and the curve , they hold better , and so long as you push them through some of the hair that is wrapped around the roller , they will get the job done.The other day I plugged my rollers in as usual and let them heat up while I went downstairs to get my morning cup of coffee , then I came back up and proceeded to brush my hair out in preparation for the rollers , as I do every morning before work.The first two rollers were * really , really hot * and did n't slide up off their base as easily as they normally do , and as I wrapped my hair around them , I thought , `` well , that 's strange - wow , these rollers are hot ! '' and then I grabbed for a third roller and IT BURNED MY FINGERTIPS!I instantly unplugged the cord , and I realized then that I could hear these little crackling sounds , like a frozen pond being cracked - little crackly popping sounds.I looked at the rollers still in the base - they were literally MELTING and BREAKING APART!The plastic tops were lifted up , they had popped upwards a bit , and when I used a towel to grab a few rollers off the base to inspect them , their bottoms were all sticky melted and literally separated from the flocked part of the roller.The two rollers I had in my hair had sticky melty ends , too , I just did n't notice as I put them in and apparently there was a surge of heat through this unit as I was wrapping those first two rollers into my hair.I have NEVER had anything like this happen before , and I intend on contacting Conair about this directly.Meanwhile , I googled Conair complaints and defects , and apparently this sort of things happens with a lot of their products , especially hair dryers . Fast thinking on the unplug reaction as well - I read how issues like this from Conair products develop into full-blown house fires!Buyer Beware .
 I was sooo excited to get these because it seemed to have lots of jumbo rollers -LRB- more than most sets -RRB- , but for some reason it did n't work on my hair . It would n't hold the curl no matter how long I let the set heat up . I even bought the clips that people recommended w / this set , but still it did n't work well . I have another set that has clips that heat up w / the rollers and that type of set seems to hold the curl for most of the day , but I just wished it had as many jumbo rollers as this one .
 I have been a fan of hot rollers for decades and these are the worst I have ever owned . The opening down the length of the roller makes it difficult to insert the pins and there is no place to hold the pins . All my sets in the past have had a place to hold the pins . I travel frequently and must find a separate container to hold the pins.I will replace these as soon as possible .
 I got this for Christmas 2006 and was very excited on using it . Before my first use , I practice rolling my hair and securly getting the clip on . Well , it was a disaster ! I read the manual word for word , but no help there . I tried using more hair , less hair , etc but the clip would either fly off , or the hair would unravel . I tried another day to practice again , but had the same results . I returned this item because of it.I never even plugged this in .
 If you have thick , at or above the shoulder-length hair and a really hard head , these MIGHT work for you . But if you 're like me and have long , fine hair you might want to keep looking . Firstly , the the metal U-pins my set came with did absolutely nothing to hold the roller in my hair and were a wonky fit on the barrel itself . I hoped to solve that problem by purchasing separately a pack of plastic clamps/clips and it did work better , but I kept having to adjust them due to slipping . My second qualm is that the rollers themselves are ridiculously heavy . When I got them into my hair as best as I could adjust them to STAY , I had a headache within a minute just from the weight alone . And lastly , the `` curl '' was far less than expected . I specifically purchased this set , based not only on near-stellar reviews but because of the high temp max -LRB- compared to other sets -RRB- which is necessary for my fine hair to achieve a decent curl . But it made no difference ; might as well have set my hair in ice cubes for all the good it did . There was barely a wave and it was entirely gone after 20 mins tops . Bummer . I really had high hopes for these .
 Brought this thinking wow nice big size curlers for nothing ! How do you manage this hot curler in your hand ? By the time you put them on your hair it 's not that hot and the the clips do not make any sense as they are lose and weak
 Bought these the other day . Lifted the cover and turned the rollers on and could smell burning ! Tried to take a roller out of the unit but it was wayyyy too hot to the tough . Very dangerous . Unplugged the unit and returned it yesterday .
 These hot rollers are unusable - it is not possible to set a heat setting so they get too hot to handle very quickly ; the clip to hold the roller in the hair is too flimsy to work , even if two are used , so the only way to really use the rollers is to simply hold it in place manually for several minutes and hope it takes .
 I 've been using hot rollers on a regular basis for more than 10 years . I have been using Conair 's older model with large rollers similar to this one and have loved them . I was reluctant to try something new , but my set is getting so broke down it 's a pain to use . This set was the closest I got find to what I 'm used to . I wish the rollers were all one size , but that 's not a big deal . I do n't like the slit down the middle , but could live with it . The rollers get much hotter than my last set and a few were burning my fingers while I put them in . However , the biggest downfall that I can NOT live with are the clips ! After going back and reading other reviews , I think they must have changed the clips that come with this set , because other comments to not make sense . My clips are gray , plastic , solid bulky hinge clips . They take up so much room , that the only way to fit the next roller is to put the clip straight up away from your head . When you do that , you get a HUGE dent in your hair ! It 's totally noticeable and completely unacceptable ! They did produce nice big curls that lasted reasonably long , but with these clips they 're not usable . I ended up using the old school simple metal U clips from my old set last night . I 'm very disappointed as these were the only rollers I could find that were close to what I 'm used to using .
 I was hoping the rollers would be bigger . I have long , really thick hair & the rollers are not big enough & there are not enough of them to do a good job . The clips are usless for holding the roller tight . I returned it the next day !
 These heat up quickly and give big loose curls , but forget using the clips they come with . They 're more like clamps , so if you have fine hair , they will literally clamp wide ridges into the roots of your hair - exactly where you 're trying to create volume ! What the roller giveth , the clip completely taketh away . So be prepared to buy the Super Clips , which are somewhat better -LRB- and you got ta love Conair - the Super Clips come in a set of TEN , although the roller set has TWELVE rollers -RRB- . No accident , I 'm sure . So if you 're okay with having 10 clips for 12 rollers and paying $ 10-15 more than you thought you would , these might be the rollers for you .
 I have hair that is down a little past my shoulders , and is of average thickness . I bought these rollers looking for curlers that would give me softer , larger curls than I get with my hot sticks -LRB- those end up very tight and spiral-y ! -RRB- . Weeell , these did n't give me a curl at all ! All they did was make the very ends of my hair a little wavy , and did n't do a thing to the top of my hair ! It was as straight as ever!At first , I thought maybe I had put too much hair on each curler , so I tried just curling HALF of my hair with all 12 rollers , but got the same result
 After having luck with a pervious set of Conair hot rollers I decided on this one . There are four jumbo rollers and eight large rollers , this is great but what is n't great are the clips ! They do n't fit the jumbo rollers once you get your hair wrapped around it and they leave dents in your hair . They are large , plasitc , hinged clips so storage is a pain as well , there is no storage for these clips on the set itself so I had to find a little plastic bucket for them . This will be a pain when I travel.My previous set of Conair hot rollers was pretty similar to this one except all of the curlers were the large size and they had regular metal clips with storage for the clips on the set . I wish I could find this same set again!I am sure there are other hot rollers on the market that would be a lot more convenient !
 After Herbal Essences decided to do away with my favorite shampoo , I went in search of a replacement . I was happy to read the description of this one because it fit my hair type exactly - greasy roots and frazzled ends.I tried this shampoo and the frazzled ends became worse ! I was truly puzzled , and thought it was my imagination . I even purchased the conditioner and used it only on the ends but it just did n't make a difference.One of the other odd things that I noticed is that I had to use more of this shampoo to wash my hair . With other shampoos , I can get a smaller amount and start at the scalp and it will work through all the way to the tips . However , I had to use 2x as much of this shampoo , as it seems to just absorb itself into my scalp and wo n't spread to the tips.I have given it a fair shake ; I 've been using it for 6 weeks consistently . You may want to purchase this locally first before buying a 4 pack to see how well it works for you .
 It has beads in it so I am guessing it 's doing something ; I really do n't see any difference from when I just use my bath poof . I also did not feel some great difference in my skin as I have with some other products . I am NOT a fan of the smell . I have smelled worst products but this is not even in my top 50 good smelling products , I cringe a little each time I use this product -LRB- Seeing as how I spent $ 14.50 on it , I am not going to just toss it -RRB- * I debating giving it 2 stars -LRB- I do n't like it -RRB- and 3 stars -LRB- It 's okay -RRB- I wish I could give it 2.5 because I do n't like it but I would imagine it would be okay for some people , I may even think it was okay if not for the smell .
 I do n't know if I misunderstood this product or what . My impression was that it would gradually color your lashes with daily use . Well I 've been using it and have n't noticed a darn thing . Oh , except that I do n't like it as just a mascara either . Hmmmmm .
 This mascara does work , but if you are buying this because of the Environmental Working Group 's review of less toxic chemicals , This is not the formula . This product contains the parabens and other stuff .
 This site does n't bother to tell you there 's another product that must be used with this . I could buy BOTH products elsewhere for less .
 This Oscar de la Renta perfume is a fake . I have used Oscar for many years . This fragrance does not last an hour , not even a hint of it . Does n't smell the same either . Conveniently , * sarcasm * it is not returnable.Amendment
 I placed an $ 88.00 order with this company for Oscar by Oscar De La Renta ... I reseve my order in the mail and much to my dis-may it was something by Oscar in a blue bottle that smelled like oranges and said limited addtion on the bottle . I bought this for my grandmother because this is all that she has wore for 30years ... so I wrote the company they said I had to pay the cost to send it back !!! To spend that kinda money and be treated this way its just not worth my time so I have let my friends and family know what has happen I have forwarded them the emails from this company and I can safely say that they nor myself will ever order from this company ever ever again ! They do not want to take the chance on being scammed so that is why im writting this so this way nobody else can be scammed either .
 The picture that is shown is not the size that you actually receive . The bottle I got was half that size .
 This is the first time I have bought this perfume from here , and am not satified with the staying power . Just not up to snuff .
 this is my third write up if it disappears again will not do it again . The price is what drew me in and it looked identical so ordered it . It came looked the same . Upon opening it and using it it lasted just a few minutes and did not stay with me like the one I was still using here.I feel it is not the same . The price is less than half of anywhere else I should have known just by that . I have used Amazon and I trusted when you sent me to Tuccini to buy it . Wont do that again .
 We expected the perfume as per the diagram mentioned for the product.Name of the product and diagram are not matching.We are very disappointed with it.Oscar by Oscar De La Renta for Women - 3.3 Ounce EDT Spray
 Gentlemen , I wonder when they will make the refund of the purchase on my credit card issued in May , because they never received the product.Thank you
 I ordered the wrong fragrance , I gave it away to my sister as a gift . I personally did n't like the scent .
 The vendor sent the item very promptly but the item has too much water in it and causes my hair to frizz up a lot . I will not purchase this product again .
 My hair is texturized -LRB- black hair -RRB- and I tried this product to maintain the curls and moisture . Looks good for the first maybe 1 hour but dries out very quickly and leaves hair looking dry and not groomed . Smells great though .
 I ordered this product and totally unsatified with the product . It 's a 100 % fake product because i can tell since i have been use this product for so long . I recommend you fully check the product carefully before order it .
 Within a few months of starting the product , which works great , it started to smell and soon turned rancid . I mean , how does a cleanser go bad ? Seems it contains milk products . Nowhere can you find info on using within a certain time frame or keeping refrigerated .
 Wanting to try something new , I picked up this little spritz . I was looking for an engergizing ` pick-me-up ' that I could use in the middle of the day . I wo n't purchase this item again . After regular use , I did not find any difference in my skin -LRB- normal-oily , make-up free -RRB- , did not experience any engergizing feeling , and quickly discovered that this product tastes terrible . The directions state to ` close your eyes and spray 10cm from you face ' but this method lands the product on your lips - that would be how I discovered the awful taste.The one redeeming value I have for this product is the scent ; I 'm a huge fan of citrus based scents . But that benefit does not justify the cost of this product .
 Like the other reviewers , I agree completely . This was a waste of my money -LRB- I bought mine in UK for 9 and was excpecting for it to do everything it says it should -RRB- I went travelling and needed a pick up during my flights . All this felt like was a spritz and a basic nice citrus smell . Nothing less and definately nothing more . You 'd be better off putting water and a squeeze of orange/lemon juice in an empty bottle and spritzing your face ... I know that 's even better than this overpriced THING .
 This spray had a sticky feel that I did n't like . The citrusy smell was nice , but I did n't like the way it felt on my skin
 I purchased the shampoo and conditioner after reading the good reviews on amazon . These were a total disappointment . They both smell great , but they do nothing for the hair . My hair felt dry and brittle . It also left my hair tangled and difficult to brush . I would not recommend these .
 My hair is thin , but I have a lot of it . Since using this product my hair has been prone to breakage and very frizzy . It also feels like there is a residue still in my hair after I 've shampooed , conditioned and rinsed thoroughly . I 've used a very little and a lot to see if there is a difference , and if I use a lot it seems to be a little better but that to me seems like a waste given the price . It makes my hair so snarly . A few weeks ago , I had to go out of town and bought travel size herbal essence shampoo and conditioner and was amazed at how silky and smooth my hair felt . I will not purchase again .
 Reading the first review I thought this cream will help my skin in the healing process . I was terrible wrong , it worked the other way . : - -LRB- The product was sent very fast and in good condition .
 IF you read the ingredients you 'll notice there are pthalates and paraben and dangerous artificial colors !!! HOW DO THEY GET AWAY WITH CALLING THEMSELVES ORGANIC ?! Amazon should be ashamed of themselves , supporting such a falsely advertised product ! I would NOT use this on myself , but especially on my kids . TERRIBLE .
 I will not be giving this item to my children ! I ordered several for Christmas and items arrived with a huge `` THIS ITEM IS KNOWN TO CONTAIN INGREDIENTS THAT CAUSE CANCER '' sticker plastered across the front . NO WAY !!
 I bought this kit as a Christmas present for my 7 year-old daughter , and was disappointed by it . The components of the kit are every day items that could easily be found in many stocked kitchens , such as baking soda , sea salt and oats , and not much of each . It includes only 3 essential oils -LRB- vanilla , coconut , and strawberry -RRB- . For the price of the kit , I expected much more . I feel like I spent $ 30 for a few ingredients , most of which I had in my pantry , some small empty jars , and a handful of recipes that I could have easily found on the internet . We had one enjoyable morning , but that was it . It 's definitely not worth the money .
 Purchased this product as a Christmas present for my 12-year-old neice who loves sciene experiments . Unforunately , the product did not ship well , and powders and liquids came out of the packaging which made a big mess when opened . We obtained a refund after the product was returned . It was a good idea , but unless the shipping situation is resolved , I would not recommend the product .
 I purchased this with the intent on giving it to my niece for Christmas . Unfortunately when the package arrived about 5 days later , the box that it came in was not secured and there was no invoice / receipt in the box , already a sign of bad quality control . Secondly , the product is made in China and with items in there that such as citric acid , sea salt , baking soda , bentonite clay , and an eye mask , I can not risk the safety of my niece . My sister is strict with ingredients and knowing that they come from a country with strict quality standards . China is unfortunately not one of them.Update
 After reading the other reviews , I 'm scared to even buy this for my best gal friend now . . now I need to think of something else now , but what .
 Sorry , but the scrubbing beads in this product are just too small . I tried it as a replacement for DDF Acne Pumice Scrub which was discontinued . With DDF I have n't had a blemish in 10 years . With this product I immediately broke out . So far the best replacement for DDF is the Peter Thomas Roth Acne Scrub . Sorry , Clearasil , you should make a product that works .
 This holder is not what it appears . It keeps falling off the walls and they only way to secure it is to tape or nail it to the walls . No what i exspected .
 They took the payment and never delivered ! I am a usual customer of Amazon but I have never seen such horrid customer service . All my other shopping items were delivered on time but no trace of the dryer stand . Tried to contact the company but no one responded .
 First . the base is very lightweight - weighing less than any blow dryer I own . So I fought it continually falling over . Because of an arm injury , I had to use it , so I went to the athletic store and purchased a 5 lb weight which sits on the base and keeps it upright -- inexpensive solution , but a pain . Secondly , when you raise or lower it , the catch does n't hold well . So when you reach to adjust the angle of the dryer on the flexible neck , the extension rod regularly gives way and collapses . Works in a pinch like I 'm in where you only have one arm . But do n't buy it thinking it will improve a two-handed world .
 This was not and original creed item.Item is a fake . A little disappointed in amazon.I will only be purchasing creed from an authorized dealer from now on.The old saying of &#34; too good to be true &#34; certainly applies here .
 I took this bottle bough from amazon , sold by amazon for $ 139 . untill amazon gets a new supply selling for close to $ 200 do n't buy . Here is what was told to me ... I am giving this two starts , because it fooled many , its just such a good fake . Look the bottle is almost exactly the same , Just no serial number , the problem is old bottles did not have a serial number.The biggest problem is that this says Toilet Water , and that 's what it is , Creed never makes toilet water , it makes eau de Parfum.Also there has n't been any real box done for Green Irish tweed that is 4.0 OZ that is not GOLD.Now the biggest problem is this does not last . The smell is almost a perfect copy , even the person who has been working for creed for 9 years , said this smelled like a very good copy.Creed never lasts long , but his one only lasts 5-10 minutes not hours , minutes _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ What is killing me though , and made it really hard for the creed store manger , is that A long Long time ago , they did make eau de toilet , if that is true , then this might just be an old bottle , its just hard to tell what i know is it does not last.What i know si that Amazon does not Sell Fakes , I have bought over 30 colognes , they were all real , so this one is deff something very hard to tell
 I purchased this product after reading the reviews . The product is purpoted to last for 24 hrs and supposed to have great sillage . I can confirm that this is not true at all . The product lasts around 5 hrs and loses sillage after that . Definately not 24 hrs . I tried multiple ways to apply this unusally expensive cologne 3-4 sprays on the neck and wrist / on clothing . However , GIT does have a good scent -LRB- thats why 2 stars -RRB- . I would rather use a heavy load of Axe body spray than GIT ... matter of fact the Axe got me compliments not GIT .
 I have used House of Creed Eau-de Toilette and other products from this fine old company for some years now . But the veracity of Amazon as a authorized seller or re-seller seems very troubling . Specifically , I question the authenticity and origin / source of Amazons supplier . For a product made in France for centuries it seems very odd the there is a label on the bottom of the bottle itself in Arabic script . A bottle Creed Green Irish Tweed would normally retail at $ 270.00 -LRB- us -RRB- , even with an amazing discount , it seems difficult to believe that AMAZON could be selling new , fresh stock for $ 139.67 , and possibly make a profit . I believe what we are all buying is old , liquidated , foreign export stock . What is that old adage , '' If it seems too good to be true it probably is '' . Such a shame on Amazon , and it seems a gullible shame on me for trying to save a dollar This is the last time for me !
 First
 I am a great fan of Irish Tweed , this time I tried it from Amazon due to low price but bad luck ... I got a fake one looks exacty like original but smells fake and not lasts long . . I suggest to buy this from CREEDBOUTIQUE.COM if you want original one . .
 One day it donned on me that perhaps a new hairbrush would help make my hair look smoother and shinier . So reading and research was in order . Boars bristles are the multitasking standard for brushes but even still there are a wide range.This brush is designed for someone who does not want to spend a small fortune on a hairbrush but wants good results . -LRB- Mason Pearson brush is the gold standard of brushes -RRB- This round brush is designed to be used when blow drying to smooth and shine hair . For those who like straighter styles this brush is a great option . Thicker hair types need reinforced boar bristles . So this worked well for me . I call that this is OVAL though ... so those looking for smooth turning action may hit a slight snag with this.The issue I had is that the handle on one of the two brand new marilyn brushes I purchased the foam cover that goes over the wooden handle end of the brush came loose and ultimately came off the very first time I used it.It may have been a faulty item to begin with but I am tempted to try another brand -LRB- Denman and/or Monroe brushes -RRB- to compare the quality .
 I have many Marilyn Brushes , and I was really looking forward to receiving this brush , but it was all bad from the get go . The brush I received was very very scratched up on the entire back of the paddle . The handle on my Flatter Me Paddle brush comes right off and did from the very first use , and then a couple of the bristles came out right away -LRB- even though I was not rough at all on the brush -RRB- . With having a few Marilyn brushes already , and with the quality on the ones I own being amazing , I was so upset to see such poor quality on this brush . I do n't know why the brush I received was like this , whether it was defective or what , but it was in horrible shape when it arrived . On a good note , the brush is very comfortable to use , I just wish that it was n't so beat up from the beginning .
 i have long hair , thin but thick because i have a lot of it . i have purchased the flatter me paddle brush by marilyn forever -LRB- ever since i saw it in some upscale salons -RRB- but stopped once the new design came out with the ivory grip handle . because the plastic is not strong through the padded handle , it quicky broke in two and i was left with a brush without a handle . if this was the old style of the brush -LRB- all brown not padded -RRB- , i would give it 5 stars , however , this new style deserves zero stars ... . however i have to rate it 1 star for amazon reviews .
 I liked this brush upon first getting it , but after just a little over a year of use it 's now snapped at the top of the handle , and even superglue wo n't bring it back to life . Also , fairly early in its use the little tips on the bristles fell off , making them slightly less comfy against my scalp . Suffice to say , next time I 'll be spending my money on a brand I know .
 ordered on Dec 23 Items never showed up and when i emailed asking how they were sent mid Jan. got no reply . Amazon gave me a credit
 The shampoo was nice in terms of not leaving the hair too dry or tangled , but the conditioner was so thin and the step three coated the hair but not much else . After the shampoo , all my curls were still there . I used this product about 8 or 9 weeks post relaxer on 4b hair .
 This product does not work as it says it would . Makes hair hard and not easy to manage . I would not buy this product again .
 It 's a nice detangler and conditioner , but that 's about it . Does n't stop hair loss , nor does it slow it down any . What a waste of money !
 i have been using Lacinia almost 4 months and everyday . . There is no use to stop hair lost . on the contrary it has expedited ...
 I needed a brush identical to the Ace brush I 've owned for over 10 years . Based on the product pictured in the advertisement on this product page , this appeared identical to mine all the way down to the bristle count . Because of this , I placed an order for 2 brushes . However , upon arrival , the products I received were nothing like that which is advertised in the picture on this Amazon-BEAUTY4FAMILY product page.As a result , I made 2 good faith attempts to contact BEAUTY4FAMILY through Amazon and give them an opportunity to resolve the issue . It has been over a month and there has been no attempt by BEAUTY4FAMILY to respond in any capacity to my messages . Due to their lack of response , I was forced to file an A-to-z Guarantee claim in order to get my money back . I will never do business with BEAUTY4FAMILY and recommend others not to conduct future business either .
 Did not really help with my dark circles . Not that bad as a regular eye cream , but no visible results on my dark circles even after I used the entire tube .
 I thought I was getting a &#34; hard rubber &#34; comb . Hard plastic is not the same as hard rubber !!! Product description was not clear ! I put in an internet search for a hard rubber comb !!
 This comb was to replace an older comb because of color . Sounds silly , but there was a purpose . This Ace comb when used , approximates needles when run through my hair . Perhaps my thinning hair accounts for some of this , but this comb lacks substance and for this I give it an F -LRB- as in Failure -RRB- . Next time I purchase a comb it will be on site .
 My husband likes to comb conditioner through his shoulder-length curly hair so this does the trick . He said it was n't the BEST comb he 's ever had , but it does the trick . We 've only had it a short time but the teeth seem to be holding up better than the one from the dollar store.That was my previous review after only having it a week . Since then all the teeth in the middle have started falling out . Granted , My husbands hair is thick and curly and he uses this to comb in the shower , it lasted about a month . I bought one with wider teeth and a handle . If you have thin hair or comb delicately , I guess this could work for you .
 Absolutely hated the product . It turned my healthy hair into extremely dry hair . Yes , it 's straighter but looks horrible . It 's been 6 months and I ca n't wait for it to grow out .
 Worse product ever , I got this after reading the reviews . I followed the instructions to the letter and it made my hair so dry and worse than any relaxer I used before . It is the last time I am buying this product .
 i was so so so excited for this product . i followed the instruction exactly on there i really do n't know what could havegone wrong . but afterwards it seemed like nothing happen at all !! i washed off and my hair was a lot dryer and damaged butmy waves where still there . i have wavy thick hair and i feel like it helped the frizz but it most definitely did not get rid of any of my curves i was so hopeful that afterwards i just wanted to cry because nothing happened .
 When I saw the reviews praising this product , I was incredulous ! I straighten my hair on a regular basis & have used every home product & salon service imaginable . -LRB- Chi , Bio-ionic , Coppola Keratin , etc. -RRB- This product was BY FAR the WORST ! I followed the instructions to a tee & aside from giving me hair that smelled absolutely ATROCIOUS , it produced NO result . Though I usually have my hair done professionally , I have been doing home treatments on myself & friends/family for 25 + years so , I am VERY comfortable with do-it-yourself kits . My hair is wavy & average texture so , I ca n't even begin to imagine that it would work for anyone with curly or coarse hair . Do n't waste your time or money !
 NEVER in my life have I used such a poor excuse of a relaxer ! I 've been relaxing my hair for over a decade and this was just a nightmare . This is my first and last time trying this garbage . Not only does it smell VILE -LRB- it burns your nose and lungs it 's so strong -RRB- , but I followed the instructions exactly and not only did it not straighten my hair at all , but it FRIED it !!! I 'm going to have to cut it all off tomorrow and let it grow out now to start over . That 's how bad it was . It fried my hair so bad that it feels like straw and no amount of conditioner is helping it . And I paid $ 30 for this junk ! My hair straightens great with a regular $ 7 relaxer from the store , and I paid 4 times that for this garbage . Do n't use unless you want UNstraightened hair and you want fried hair .
 horrible product . did not work at all . my hair was as wavy as before . absolute waste of money !
 I read the directions , followed them explicitly with timing and everything . It took 2 hours of work for my hair to look exactly like it did before I started .
 `` I have not received my order , and I have not received a response to my email ... I will file a claim w / my credit card if I do n't hear from you ! PLEASE respond ! ''
 I try tons of different straightening products and none of them had me wash my hair during the process . This `` Easy Straight '' asked me to wash my hair at least 3 times during the process . I did n't like that at all . Made me feel like I was washing out the product from my hair.I 've used cheaper products that work better then this . this product looks like it damaged my hair . Not a fan . I would not recommend .
 I have very think coase hair and this product did nothing to my hair , since my hair is super long I used two kits . I followed the instructions and left the product in longer than the 25 minutes it recommends . No change in my hair . If anyone knows of a better product , please comment .
 I got a perm early spring of 2012 , it held really well . got pregnant and my hair started to grow like crazy ! got really thick -LRB- normally i have thin hair and does n't hold a perm -RRB- . I had expected the perm to wash out or at least be less curly by the end of the year . Half my hair was straight the other half curly . Previous with other perms i buy the home perm solution and then just use the product without putting my hair in curlers and my hair ends up straight again . This time i thought to buy this product since it was designed to straighten hair . My hubs helped me for the hour it took to go through the process ... . i thought the amount of time it would take would be worth it . I was wrong ! my hair is still curly . i admit not AS curly ... but it 's def not straight . it 's a little easier to blow dry my hair straight than before and it 's less poofy ... but it 's not straight . bought a home perm solution kit and am just gon na straighten my hair like i 've done in the past . it was totally disappointing because there are SO MANY steps to this product and it took forever and i needed help with the application and the results were crappy . i think the girls on the box where they show the curly hair to straight hair is because the stylist blow dried or flat ironed the models hair !!! do n't buy this product unless you want to have an hour of your day gone that you 'll never get back : -LRB-
 Product arrived missing most of the required straightening product , so it was totally ineffective . I have purchased this product elsewhere and really love it , but the product that I ordered on Amazon was totally ineffective as it was missing most of the product necessary to straighten your hair .
 It does n't work ! First I thought that I was doing something wrong but this is the second time I try it , and definitely does n't work ...
 Ok if you have curly hair this product will not work for you at all i followed all of the steps correctly and the results was nothing at all
 I have used this product about a total of six times throughout the years . This most recent time I had the worst experience . And there was actually no difference , it did n't straighten my hair at all this time . Called the makers they would n't refund my money even though I lost a substancial amount of hair and my hair was n't straighter at all . * I will say though alot of my hair falls out all the time anyways . I 'm not gon na let my most recent attempt with this product bias my opinion I am going to focus on my OVERALL experience with this product . My honest review : PROS : ONE USE LASTS A LOT LONGER THAN 3 MONTHS -LRB- AT LEAST FOR ME -RRB- LOOSENS CURLS -LRB- EXCEPT FOR THIS MOST RECENT TIME -RRB- DOES HELP CONTROL FRIZZ IN HUMID CONDITIONSREDUCES BLOW DRYING AND STRAIGTENING TIMES DRASTICALLYFOR EXAMPLE I CAN STRAIGHTEN MY HAIR AND THEN GO OUT DANCING AND SWEAT ALL NIGHT AND MY HAIR WILL NOT HAVE THAT DREADED FRIZZY LOOK.CONS : COSTONCE YOU USE IT YOU CA N'T STOP -LRB- MY ENDS ARE REALLY STRAIGHT AND ROOTS ARE WAVY WHICH MAKES FOR A WEIRD LOOK -RRB- SO YOUR STUCK IN AN ENDLESS PROCESS OF TRYING TO MATCH YOUR ROOTS WITH YOUR ENDS WHICH IS HARD TO ACCOMPLISH.LEAVES HAIR DRY , EXTREMELY DRY!YOU WILL LOSE CHUNKS OF YOUR HAIR WHILE DOING THE BRUSHING DURING THE SEALANT PHASESMELLDIFFICULT APLICATION PROCESSI CA N'T JUST SCRUNCH MY HAIR AND GO WITH THE CUTE NATURAL CURL LOOK , BECAUSE MY ENDS ARE SO FLAT STRAIGHT AND LIFELESS . -LRB- THUS I AM STUCK EITHER STRAIGHTENING MY HAIR , PULLING IN UP IN A PONY TAIL , OR LOOKING CRAZY -RRB- Hope this helps in your decision making . It 's an okay product overall I am going to look for a similar product with a lower price point .
 The product did not have any affect on my hair , the hair looked similar . Very bad experience . Please donot buy this instead buy bit more costly product
 I have wavy , frizzy , coarse spanish type hair . I have always been v. wary of straightening products and all the chemicals but this is supposed to be more gentle and marketed to non African Americans . I used this product and was v.careful to not leave it on too long -- and I didnt do my whole head , because I was afraid that the time it would take to do that could affect my hair . So I was working super quick . Being nervous , I washed it out ahead of time and was veeerrry careful to wash and rinse well . Long story short , my hair was burnt off !!!! I mean big patches of my head had hair that was 1/2 '' long . Really , no exageration -- my hair was ruined . I complained to the company and they refunded me the price of the product . that 's it . They tried to say it was my fault , that I didnt wash it out properly etc etc. ... They had a salon in my area and I asked for a remedial haircut and they refused.Just dont buy this product . In fact , go to a professional hairdresser if you want to put chemicals on your hair .
 This was the first and last time i will use this brand of hair straightener.After spending two hours working on my hair i ended up with a dry curly afro hairstyle.It did ` nt even make my hair straight.I even read the directions twice before i started and the results were so bad i now am forced to chop off my all my hair and start over.I am going back to Ogilvie brand.This will not straighten your hair but make it a dry frizzy disaster.This product is so bad it should be pulled from the shelves .
 My hair is curly and frizzy . I followed all the directions . Even called in to ask a few questions . However the product left my ends dry -LRB- which are ombre colored -RRB- and the curl is about 10 to 20 percent less . Not what I expected .
 Didnt work at all . And it smelled . From now on I 'll leave it to the real professionals and just go to the salon .
 I was so afraid to try this after so many bad reviews.You must blow dry the hair after applying the straightener , then apply the nuetralizer . I initially liked the texture but then it just turned all frizzy and worse than my hair would even be without any straightener.I have used Ogilvi3 for like forever and know it can be hard on your hair , and hope this would be a good alternative . Remember all straighteners are hard on your hair , but I do n't care to be even more frizzer than I was before !
 I wanted a shampoo bar to cut down on packaging , to be more environmentally friendly . I 've cut all `` chemical '' products from my home , so I 'm more sensitive to the smell ; I can smell these chemicals from a mile away ... this soap definitely overwhelmed me with that chemical smell , which surprised me as it 's advertised as natural ... I 'm using it , however , but will not buy it again . I use it first , rinse , then use my shampoo I like . After using this & rinsing , my wet hair feels like a strong buildup is on it from this soap . However , the soap lathers a LOT and quickly -LRB- probably the chemical agent added -RRB- ... the soap also `` disappears '' quickly -- not an ultra long lasting bar at all .
 I thought the oil would help this perfume last , but alas , it did n't for me . I love gardenias . I even bought the lotion to layer the fragrance , but that did n't help either .
 This perfume is way too strong . I ordered it online because all of the reviews say its a faint smell . THey are wrong . I barely put a dab on both wrists and my neck and the smell is so overpowering that its given me a headache.It does not smell that flowery , mostly gardenia.Its definitely not what I expected . I will probably send this to my grandmother because it smells like a perfume for someone closer to her age .
 - Item described as new came in without the seal wrap . Item appeared to be used and smells as if it was very very old .
 This is for people that has oily skin only ! This producft dries up your skin only recommanded to be used once a month .
 The product I received was not what I expected . The perfume seemed old or stale . When I contacted the seller about this issue I got an apology and a full refund immediately . Like the title says , I did n't like the product but I liked the customer service .
 I tend to like about every perfume out there , unless it smells like a man 's cologne.I have no idea who thought this is really a woman 's scent ? I had to decline the present due to the fact that I dont want to walk around smelling like a man . There was another lady that sampled it too , she made the same comment , it just amazes me how this is not something people talk about in here.Its too musky to feminine .
 Hello ALL , I ordered the perfume for my girlfriend for Christmas , she has been wearing this perfume for a few years now , but the perfume we both noticed that the scent is totally different . Bottom line the vendor is selling a bad product and should be reported to the Better Business Bureau and Amazon.com . They are selling us consumers a bad product . It does not even smell like ` light blue ' !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO N'T BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I really wanted to love this fragrance ... after all , it is quite expensive and I 'd read rave reviews on many websites ... but after one spritz I sold it to a friend of mine ! My favorite perfumes are Beyond Paradise , Ralph Lauren Romance , Ralph Lauren Style , and DKNY Be Delicious . Light Blue , to me , smells overwhelmingly of musk . I wore it all day and I ended up feeling nauseous , with a bad headache . This must be one of those perfumes that works well on most everyone else except for me !
 I do not like to brag about the good items I purchase , since people read others feedback ; I only write the reviews for the items that are not in good conditions to warn customers about the product.They sent me the used perfume because the plastic cover that sealed the package was opened . I assume the perfume was returned to the seller , and they sent the used item to me .
 My husband bought this for me on accident -LRB- long story -RRB- . The scent is too masculine for my tastes . Smells just like the Light Blue men 's cologne . If you actually go for the unisex scent , save your money on this and go buy the CK One or imitation .
 Light Blue 's fragrance is great -- for about 5 minutes , then it 's gone . I have never used a cologne before in which the fragrance dissipated so quickly . At almost $ 80 a pop , can you afford that ? You might as well apply water to your neck . About 15 minutes after I 'd applied Light Blue , my husband could smell it only after he literally put his nose on my neck!Don ' t waste your money on this one .
 I worked at a perfume boutique for a while and was able to take testers home every once in a while , this was one . I do like it , but bottom line , im glad I did n't spend the money on it . It 's very very strong which is not my taste . I prefer lighter fragrances that are more discrete , not the kind that suffocate everyone in the room . That 's basically what this one does . Like I said , it 's a nice smell , but after wearing it for a few hours -LRB- just one spray -RRB- my nose starts to burn .
 I bought this thinking it was the REAL product for $ 70 it should be the real deal !! It does NOT smell like the real stuff . It has too much of an alcohol smell . I do not know if it is a defected bottle but I am highly upset ! I would like my $ back or a different bottle . It smelled so bad I threw it in the trash !!! VERY VERY upset ! I want something done . . I 'm done with Amazon ...
 This particular scent is weak and does n't last long . My wife said she would never order this particular scent again .
 I bought this for my wife for Xmas . She has been using this fragrance for at least 3 years . I never told her that I purchased it online from Amazon . Today she asked me where it was purchased because the scent was noticeably different to her . Not entirely bad , just not the same as when I purchased Light Blue from local stores such as Neiman Marcus and Sephora . I would be interested to know if anybody else has noticed a difference .
 I underestimated the size I read . I know that this is expensive perfume as I have used it for years . I thought I was getting a deal with the price . I should have looked at the size again before I bought it . Its the size of a sample spoon they give you at Baskin Robbins.And it does n't smell the same as the bigger bottles . Guess I will have to muster up the -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks to buy a decent size from the store.Oh well , not worth it
 This is a GREAT fragrance . However , do not waste your money on this sample . In fact , the bottle is labeled `` Sample , not for individual sale . '' Funny ... . I had to pay for it.Because this is such a fabulous scent - spend your money on the 3.4 oz , it is totally worth it .
 Perfume was clearly not real . Counterfeit . Just to verify I went to a local department store and bought some of the same perfume . The perfume from the department store smelled very different and the bottle was clearly different . I emailed the seller for a chance to fix the problem and never heard back from them . This was a gift for my wife at Christmas . Do not buy from seller . I will also be Leary of amazon purchases in the future . Do n't get ripped off like I did .
 I made a purchase of this product , for a Christmas present for my daughter , and instead of the genuine parfum , I received a `` fake parfum '' smells like desinfectant , and when my daughter used it , began to feel nausea and vomiting , I am very dissapointed with this purchase , and want my money back inmediately . Do n't buy this piece of sh ...
 The perfume I received from the seller NuBeauty was not the real fragrance . I have been buying this scent for years and was very disappointed to receive an imposter . In addition , the perfume had leaked during shipping . I am sending the product back and expect a full refund from the seller .
 Ordering fragrances online can be a dicey proposition . I 've had both positive and negative experiences . I have been an Amazon power user for years and my experience with Seller
 I ordered Light Blue thinking I was getting an amazing deal . Well , it was too good to be true . The box and bottle and scent were obviously fake . When I contacted the seller he blamed his distributor and promised a refund . I sent the fake product back but no refund . Just excuses . Do not do business with this seller .
 What a rip off !!! The scent goes away after 10 minutes . The box it came with is a regular carton instead of the velvety box the original comes with . The silver colored part of the bottle came off after a day . I bought an original from a reputable web store and was finally satisfied . DO N'T BUY FROM THIS SELLER !!! AMAZON check this seller and ban it ! This ruins my amazon experience . We need trustworthy sellers .
 I have never ordered perfume on line and was disappointed ... the perfume was yellow and is typically clear . It also did not smell like is usually does . It was considered `` old inventory . '' However , the company was very easy to work with on returning the perfume and refunding my money .
 I love Dolce and Gabgana Light Blue . The only concern I have WITH THIS ONE is that the smell of the perfume does n't last that long . Last time I bought the perfume in macy 's for $ 80 and I could smell the perfume on my clothes and me the next day . This one for some reason , the smell does n't last long , I do n't smell it on myself , no one can , even my fianc&eacute; . So that makes me think that maybe is fake ?????????? It was cheap I paid $ 40 but I wo n't buy it again from this website .
 My husband bought me this perfume for my birthday . I was extremely disappointed , in fact , disappointed enough to search out the product and write this review . The bottle is pretty , the box is very pretty and so soft to touch . At first I thought I bought a fake , I really might have , but the packaging look authentic . There is no smell to this perfume . I can spray febreze on myself and at least smell something ! Worst perfume I have EVER bought . If a fake then perfumania.com is to blame .
 Love Dolce Gabbana , light blue toilette - last bottle I purchased was from a department store and I loved it . One of the best eau de toilettes on the market . But do n't purchase it here , something is wrong and you ca n't return it . Besides that , I order 1.7 fl . oz . and they sent me 1.6 fl . oz . and charged me $ 59.00 even that I would n't mind but the scent lasts minutes not like the bottle I purchased two years ago - it lasted 6 to 8 hours and even then you could still smell it . People are complaining and Amazon does absolutely nothing . I ordered Boucheron eau de toilette and the same thing . I 've learned my lesson - read all the reviewd on different fluid oz . and you will see what I mean . Just do n't read the reviews for the one you are purchasing . Those 1 reviews tell you a lot - same toilette and some have 4 stars and other toilettes have 1 star .
 I know that we should rate the product , not the vendor . But I am making this review as a warning to potential buyers and as a heads up to Amazon too so that they will be aware that their suppliers are selling them fake perfumes . I bought DG Light Blue through Amazon . Not a third party seller , but from Amazon itself . I thought I am getting a good deal because its much cheaper in Amazon compared to department stores . However , I was so disappointed because I received a fake product.When I receive the product , I knew that it does not smell right . I let it go thinking maybe DG changed its formulation , plus I bought it from Amazon - a reputable company so it could n't be fake , right ? So I just let it go . When that same bottle was about to run out , I went to Macy 's to look for a new perfume since DG does not smell the way it used to . But when I tried a sample of DG Light Blue from Macy , I realized that the one I got from Amazon was really a fake . Since then , I never ever bought perfumes through Amazon anymore . Department store may cost more than Amazon 's , but you are getting the real thing.DG Light Blue is still my favorite Perfume ever , its light and citrusy . But I always buy them from either Macy 's or Sephora . As for Amazon , I still do most of my shopping through Amazon ... . but no more perfumes !
 the perfume does n't smell the same , box was smashed alot was already leaked out . DO NOT buy if want the real thing . needs to be posted as FAKE . DISAPPOINTING gift for my girl friend . i know you get what you pay for but was mislead
 Horrible , bottle was tampered with . Smells nothing like how it should . I have perchased this perfume for years and make no mistake this is not it ! It 's a fake or been dilluted .
 i ordered Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue ... -LRB- I 've been buying it for years -RRB- it came quick in the proper packaging , however it smells awful , nothing like it should !!!!
 It does n't last more than 5 minutes . I 'm very disappointed with this purchase . I wish I had my money back .
 I returned this product twice - the scent was mostly alcohol , which means the testers are either really old or the fragrance somehow separated from its alcohol base , perhaps due to poor storage and/or the hot temperatures ... . very disappointing
 This scent was terrible . I tried it once and gave it away . I had originally smelled it at the mall and liked it . I
 I ordered this product and it is not at all the scent I ordered !!! This D&G Light Blue I received smells nothing like the D&G Light Blue I normally purchase from Macy 's . I wish I could get my money back !! It was horrible !!!
 I first smelled this fragrance on a friend at a Christmas party and had to have it . . it is so light and beautiful ! I was excited when it arrived , however my excitement did not last ... just like this fragrance ! No matter how much I spray on , it is gone before I hit the front door . It has a strong alcohol smell when you apply it , with just a tad of `` perfume '' smell . . then poof . . nothing . I want to go to the perfume counter in the mall and compare what I have with what the stores sell ... perhaps this product is a `` knock off '' . I love perfume and have many different , higher-end types , and none of them fade as quickly as this does .
 The product was a fake . Dolce & Cabbana doesnt sell a 3.4 oz bottle and the box and bottle were different colors . It had no smell to it , basically water . I confirmed this at Macys , and bought a bottle there . They were completely different . The company did credit me my money after I threatened them with consumer affairs , and ironically , they never even asked for me to return the bottle . Obviously an admission of their guilt
 I 'm very upset with this purchase.When I received my package , I opened it up with excitement because I read the reviews on here , and I HAD to try it . However , When I opened my package , I saw that ALL the perfume had spilled out of the bottle . And , It was n't very fragrant.What I did smell was nice , and good for a sunny day , with a nice breeze . Really casual , and light . However , It was n't strong enough to wear for the whole day , maybe not even 15 minutes ! Very Disappointed . Maybe I 'll look for this again in the department store .
 BEEEEE CAREFULLLLL ITS FAKE !!!!!! It smells nothing like light blue !!! i bought it as gift to a friend . . I cant believe people do this ! its not even worth a dollar
 the perfumes doesnt smell like the original D&G ! it has a different smell ... i want to return it . im so disappointed ! but i had it shipped here in the Philippines , , can i make a refund ???
 I am a Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue lover . I purchased this item before from amazon and it was perfect so I decided to purchase it again from amazon this time through a third party vender . I received a knock off verison and it was horrible and made me sick to my stomach . I returned this product and I am still waiting for my refund . This is a wonderful product but be careful when ordering .
 My wife has been wearing this perfume for several years , so when I saw the sale price , I thought I was getting a good deal . What we received was NOT the real D&G perfume she knows so well . It smelled like some kind of cheap imitation mixed with insect repellant . Should have gotten my money back - Buyer Beware !! Never buying here again .
 My husband bought this for me for Christmas . I have a bottle already bought from Macy 's and this bottle is not the same -LRB- The color of the top -RRB- . Even though this is through &#34; Amazon &#34; is says Amazon LLC , a private seller . And its not worth it for 10.00 less than Macy 's .
 I have had Light Blue from Macy several times . Which I loved , i found it on Amazon cheaper and thought how great . When I received it I immediately started using it . I could barely smell it , very unusual . So I decided to return this item . Never did I think I had to go through someone other then Amazon . To return I am informed I have to return to Perfume World . WHY ???? I purchased from Amazon , Amazon was the one whom took the purchase . Never did I have to deal with Perfume World . Why do I have to deal with them at all ??? This is frustrating and not legal . If I buy from Macy I return to Macys . They deal with the distributor . I have second thoughts of even having an account with Amazon . : -LRB-
 I bought this product off of amazon.com and when I received it half of it was spilled out of the bottle and the rest of the perfume did n't even smell like D & G Light Blue at ALL . This was a total rip off I would n't recommend no one to buy this product off of her .
 I will never use this shop again in my life ! I received a broken bottle unseal packaging and less than 1/3 of the content .
 Similarly , I ordered a bottle of D&G ; Light Blue 3.4 oz for Women from seller ESSK Enterprisesbut the perfume is of bad quality.Probably they are adulterated .
 Did n't care you this scent . Too overpowering . Smells like something an old lady would wear . Had to give it away .
 My wife has used this since they came out and we have purchased from Amazon before . This , however is completely counterfeit . The fragrance is a watered down version of the original . I must say though , Amazon did the right thing and immediately provided a full refund.Amazon should get rid of their vendor that provides this .
 My brother ordered this off the internet for my mom for Christmas . The packaging was nearly identical , the bottle , the silver writing ... everything looked VERY similar.But I have been wearing this perfume for two years now . The minute I even sprayed the bottle I could tell something was different . The spray was much wider than my authentic bottle -LRB- that I bought from a local department store -RRB- . I then went and grabbed my bottle and compared it to my moms . The writing was a tiny bit smaller in font , but still close . But overall it APPEARED to be identical.Also , it did n't smell like Light Blue . Plus the scent only lasted a good 2 minutes . Whereas my authentic bottle will last hours ! And if I spray it onto a shirt , the scent will last for days.I suggest NOT buying any perfumes online . Only get them in store or from HIGHLY trusted dealers , but still ... just be careful.For me , spending an extra $ 10 - $ 20 on a bottle at a department store is worth the risk of getting a fake off the internet .
 recieved in timely manner ; however , extremely disappointed as this smelled nothing like light blue !! A complete imposter !! Live and learn , will only purchase from a reputable retailer !
 I have worn D&G ; 's Light Blue for several years -LRB- always having bought it in a department store -RRB- , so I 'm very familiar with its scent and staying power on me.Amazon has clearly been supplied with a bad batch of this perfume , because my experience -LRB- twice ! -RRB- was exactly like others who found that the Amazon product absolutely * does not * have the true scent or staying power of D&G ; Light Blue
 I purchased this and am thoroughly convinced it is not the real deal . After wearing it several times , I realized that by the time I sprayed it and walked downstairs , there was no longer any lingering fragrance . I had purchased this before from department stores and know that it lasts with you all day . Very disappointed that this could happen at Amazon . Expect it on ebay , but not amazon !!!!!
 i hate it for the reasons of , that it doesnt smell strong like the dolce & gabbana that i purchased at dillards about 8 mo ago it smells a little funny and it doesnt last at all , i sprayed some on my forearm 3 times and it faded away in mins it smells as if its old . The Dolce & Gabbana that i brought from Dillards had that nice pleasant smell that last thur out the day .
 I wear this perfume regularly and I feel like this is just a knock off version of it . I would not buy from this seller again even though delivery was quick and I did not need to contact them .
 Perfume was delivered fast and packaging looked good . However I sprayed perfume and it smelled strong and not like the original LIGHT BLUE DOLCE GABBANA . I ENDED UP BUYING A DOLCE GABBANA LIGHT BLUE PERFUME AT Macy 's and the smell was different and was the original smell LIGHT BLUE . I contacted seller and no response .
 This funk is disgusting ! I would never buy this for anyone . Put this on and people will swear that you were sprayed by a skunk .
 IT Smells very very bad , it 's very small and extremely expensive . DO NOT buy it
 I do n't really care for that hint of pine in the perfume , it irritates my stomach , I do n't want to smell Pine trees threw out my day Ewwwhhh ! I gave it away to a friend , she is happy ! ... Im very light on blue cause its not for me !
 Me , at the laundromat , suddenly overpowered
 I purchased this for my mom as a Christmas gift , without sampling it first , based on the great reviews . Wow , I was so embarressed when she opened it and I smelled it for myself ! Most scents do not appeal to me , but this was really bad . I do not think my mom was impressed either , although she did not comment . I feel so bad that I gave this as a gift , I plan on buying something else for her to replace this mistake . They sell this at Walmart , which says something .
 I do like this scent but the one I received did not smell right and amazon 's return policy for perfume is terrible . They claim it ca n't be returned because they consider it a hazardous material . That argument is lacking any logic since they ship it to you under the same conditions . Just know when you purchase this or any other scent all sales are final . So much for amazons great return policy . Also where is the verified purchase button , did they remove that from reviews ?
 If you buy it for smell only , consider a different lotion . I bought it for smell only , and id did not work this way at all ! A waste of money .
 Ordered a D&G Light Blue 3.4 oz perfume bottle from seller `` Jacobs Enterprises '' as a present for my mother . When it arrived , my mother complained that the perfume did n't smell anything like it was supposed to and that it barely had any of the longevity that it used to have with the store bought bottle she used . That 's what I get for being cheap . It 's better to buy perfume at the store to avoid getting a knock-off , lesson Learned .
 I 've been using Light Blue for a couple of years now and this was the most inexpensive bottle I purchased , but did n't smell like the real thing . I 'm wondering if I bought a fake . .
 My wife feels we 've been ripped-off !!!! She has used this particular fragrance before , and feels that what we received is a poor `` knock-off '' !!!! She has forbidden me from purchasing fragrances on-line in the future . We 're VERY disappointed .
 This is one of my favorite perfumes . However , when I received this in the mail , I could n't get the top off once again , and the fragrance was nothing like the DG Light Blue that I am used too . I was very dissatisfied with this product and If I could I would have sent it back for a full refund .
 I purchased this item in good faith . I 've been using this fragrance for years . However , not sure if it is because it was an old bottle , but it did not smell anything like a bottle I purchase at Dillards or Macys . Got what I paid for , but not happy with end result .
 The product did n't come on time , it was 3 days late which I 'm very upset about because the estimated time for delivery was December 14 , and I needed it for the 15 for a Christmas party . I 'm also very upset because when it did come three days late on the 17 , the box was destroyed , as in the box it came in . As for the perfume box two corners were dent in it . I 'm very displeased with how the whole thing happened . I will not buy from here again .
 Items was old and stale smelling . Paid a lot of money for some stale/old perfume and had no one to contact about the issue
 I got this at a great price but now I feel it is either old or deluted . The scent is very low . Things I learn by trhing to save money . Why write a review this company wont do anything about it ...
 Everything with shipping and ordering was fine according to my husband who ordered my favorite fragrance ... When I recieved this gift from him I was disappointed because I believe this item to be a fake fragrance or copy ... I am very familiar with the scent and this is not it ... I feel that you should be told if it is a similar item . .
 Perfumes are not original , the Fragrances are lost very quickly after applying perfume , I bought the same fragrances in other sites and I last much longer , I feel cheated . Please return my money ... Thanks
 I buy this perfume all the time but it 's the first time i purchased it online . It seems much weaker than usual and the scent itself is a little different ... I made a mistake of throwing the receipt and the box away as soon as i received it , so now i am stuck with it ...
 This product definitely did n't smell like it should of . Do n't purchase from this seller . It appears that he 's done it before ... selling bad products .
 I just bought a bottle in the sealed package off a private individual on Ebay with a 100 % rating that looks identical in every aspect to the bottle I bought at Macys last year . Only this one is a counterfeit fake . Be careful out there as there are thousands of fake bottles floating around . I can not understand why Dolce and Gabbana will not clarify which is fake - the 3.3 oz . or the 3.4 oz . ?
 I am an avid user of Dolce & Gabbana , Light Blue . It is my signature fragrance and for some reason the product I ordered here totally missed the mark ! It did not wear like the usual product I wear -LRB- purchased from high end department stores -RRB- nor did it smell quite the same . It carried a much much lighter bouquet and it evaporated like pure alcohol into the skin . It had ZERO body to it.Mind you , even in it 's `` knock off '' form , this is a great smelling product so people who do n't intimately know the product may not be able to tell the difference but me , aah , I am a connoisseur !
 I would not recommend this seller -- The Perfume Spot . I truly believe the perfume I received is a knock off . The box was poorly designed -- letters off center , etc. . . makes me think that this is not authentic D&G Light Blue -- I gave it to my niece today for her birthday . She said it smells fine , but we shall see if the scent lasts etc. . . I should have stuck with Lord & Taylor or Nordstroms ... I 've learned my lesson : -LRB-
 Company was cleaver enough to advertise with all the indications that this was genuine Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue but when the perfume arrived it was fake . Do not buy from this company . I have n't filed my claim yet but I 'm sure it will be a fight to have my money returned . Embarrassed to be duped by these thugs ... thought I had taken the proper precautions
 there is no way this is ` nt a fake i use this all the time , had a bottle for a year and it never smelled like this.i feel this should n't be sold even with a somewhat lower price its too much to pay ... for the smell of alcohol .
 I have worn Dolce & Gabbana light Blue for years . I ordered a bottle from AAA Merchants through Amazon and it is clearly not the same scent . . not even close . I would not recommend online perfume . I was clearly ripped off on a present that I am now too embarrassed to give . You can not return it either .
 The price was the lowest on Amazon , it arrived on time ... but it 's a counter fit for sure . The fragrance was really close with the real one , but you could still tell the small difference . The print on the bottle was smeared and messy if you compare with the real one , and the color of the print was also different with the real one.The seller spin and saying it was a older stock , but print on the bottle wo n't smear with time.I report to Amazon , they were very helpful . I receive my full refund including shipping charge . I will still buy from Amazon , but not this seller . Also I will be very careful on buying from the third party sellers on Amazon by reading the buyer 's reviews .
 perfumebelowcost ripped me off big time with this product . When I received the perfume the packaging was damp and nearly a quarter of the liquid was gone . When we returned the item perfumebelowcost claimed that they never received it . They probably re-packaged it and sent it to another buyer in order to rip them off also .
 When I was searching for the best price for D&G Light Blue I was shocked that the price was so cheap for 3.3 oz . I should have known better . The product arrived to me very quickly . The packaging was the same as if I bought it in the store , however when I used it for the first time the scent was `` off '' . I still had some left from the bottle I had bought from a known department store so I was able to compare the scent . It was noticably faint . I could tell because by the time I sprayed it in the morning until the time I arrived at work the scent was all but gone . Even though I spent less money on more perfume I need to spray it much more often . Not a great deal .
 I bought this recently and I am sure it is counterfeit . The fragrance disappeared shortly after opening and the label letters came off in my hand .
 The scent is lovely , it is the company I purchased the product from , they sold inferior product , I think they know it was not good from the start . Will not give credit unless in original packaging , this was a Christmas gift . Hard to tell someone leave in the packaging do n't throw away the box ! Took 3 weeks to get delivery , could n't cancel order in less than 24 hours after I placed the order . Company does n't seem to be on the up and up . Now the product leaks because of bad sealing and ca n't return it I do n't have original packaging .
 This smells like nothing ! I can not smell it on me -LRB- just the faintest suggestion of citrus ? Here I was expecting , OK I finally found `` fresh , lasting '' and I have got Zero . -RRB- Next time I 'm in a major dept. store , I 'm stopping by the D & G counter and spritzing on Light Blue there . I simply can not believe this is without any fragrance at all ! My first time to order a fragrance online that is totally a dissapointment to me .
 I received water in a bottle , I have used D & G Light Blue for years , this was not an authentic product , I contacted West , and they said as soon as I had a tracking number for return , they would return my money . They recvd . the pkg back on Dec 30 , via fed ex . and I emailed them the tracking number as I was instructed to do for a full refund . They have not refunded my money , and I am disappointed in Amazon not helping with this situation . I spent a lot of money through Christmas with Amazon , I wo n't be doing it again .
 First , I am not knocking this seller . My review concerns the perfume only . I had such high hopes concerning this scent . I had read many rave reviews . When I received a sample scent in the mail , I was shocked at how much I disliked the fragrance . To me , it smells very similar to Anais Anais -LRB- which can be bought at a much less expensive price -RRB- , and I have never cared for Anais Anais . Both perfumes are overbearingly spicy to me . I really like soft , fresh and sweet scents . Light Blue had nothing that I liked about it . I suggest buying a `` sample size '' first of any perfume and make sure that you like the scent . What smells great for one person does not smell great to another person . Reading the reviews , I thought I 'd love this scent . But to be honest , I hated it .
 The first spray smelled fine but after that this bottle of perfume smelled like kerosene . It is not the real deal . Either diluted or a knock-off . It was packaged convincingly , so i had no reason to question it . But , the silver seal around the top of the bottle looks like it may have been tampered with . Do n't buy from this source .
 I 've been wearing Light Blue for over 5 years . When I opened the box and sprayed the perfume , it smelled nothing like Light Blue . Definitely a knock off .
 I bought this at Sally beauty supply store locally . I wanted to give it a test run as a hot oil treatment first before trying to add it to my regimen . Within a minute after applying there was some tingling but I just assumed that was the tea tree oil . But after about seven minutes my scalp just felt hot and sore so I immediately washed it out . My scalp was red and small red bumps showed up not long after . I have used a majority of the oils listed as ingredients individually and have not shown any sensitivity so I 'm assuming it 's this product over an actual allergic reaction .
 I only used this one time -LRB- over the weekend -RRB- and it made my hair super greasy -LRB- unsurprising , since it 's oil -RRB- and gross . I left it in for about 24hrs and had to lather my hair with shampoo 2x to get it out . Also , I got 4 new zits over the next 2 days , which I attribute to this product , since I rarely get acne.Overall , it did seem to make my hair thicker and more sleek , but if I were to use it again I would dump it into a little spray bottle so that I could disperse it throughout my hair more evenly and more sparingly . Or I would apply a little to my fingertips and massage just a little bit into my scalp . I would also recommend tying your hair back so the oil does n't get on your face and cause you to break out .
 The hair product touts itself as a hair growth/thickness stimulant
 I do n't know if this stuff is especially formulated for African American hair or what , but I 'm white / hispanic mixed and most Af.Am . hair products work on my extremely course , dry hair . This stuff was AWFUL !!! It 's SO greasy I had to shampoo my hair FIVE TIMES TO GET IT OUT ! Which caused even more damaged !! If I could give it less than a star I would ! Do n't waste your money !
 PEOPLE SHOULD N'T GIVE FALSE HOPES . THATS NOT NICE.HOW WOULD YOU LIKE IT IF SOMEONE PROMISED YOU . NICE RESULTS , PROMISING YOU .
 Like many other products that are targeted towards African-American hair , this does not cause hair growth , but hair loss . I would like to know if they are putting hair remover in this stuff . They are making fools of Black people . None of these companies that are geared towards Black hair are black owned . In general it is not necessary for African-Americans to have super long hair . Castor oil and products from the rainforest -LRB- Gemzon -RRB- work better .
 this was different for some reason it is very thick or not solid but more solid than it normally is ... should have returned it.it did not come sealed . may try a different retailer next time .
 I tried this brand after Glytone reformulated their products . Glycolic concentration in the Facial Cream II is not strong enough to make a difference .
 At first I was surprised and happy to find this available online so I tried a bottle . At first , it appears to be the same as what was prescribed to me by my dermatologist . The one thing I did notice was that it was not as thick as the prescription version ... then I read the label . Ingredients appear to be the same , but the first ingredient is WATER . So beware if you purchase this , it is probably a watered-down version of what you would get from the prescription version . I suspect it may or may not work for you depending on your skin condition .
 Someone gave me a bottle of this lotion before , and it was like a miracle on my ultra-dry skin . It stung a little upon application but worked almost instantly to give me baby soft , glowing skin . It smelled bad , but I assumed it was due to the fact that the product was almost expired according to the date . I threw it away shortly thereafter.A year later , I bought this from Costco . It smells a lot better -LRB- hardly any smell -RRB- , and expiration date is a long way off , but the lotion seems more watery , and does n't seem to work at all ! In fact , it seems no better than any other watery lotion without any alpha hydroxy . It also does n't sting at all . Perplexed . Wondering if they changed the formula , or if this is some knock-off . May try buying from elsewhere just to compare , or else will ask my dermatologist . Disappointed .
 I use a lotion daily on my legs and arms for dry skin . This product moistened my skin . However if I applied it after a hot bath there was a strong ammonia smell that stayed on my skin . Because of this I would n't recommend using it after bathing .
 I got AmLactin Lotion because I have a skin condition where I get little bumps and red patches on my upper arms and thighs . It does a great job moisturizing these areas and leaves skin feeling great and smooth . However one big downside is it has a pretty strong scent and it 's not a flowery smell ...
 I used this on my arms and thighs where I have keratosis pilaris . I would apply it after showering at night and in the morning for around two months . I saw no change in my skin . I had a lot of faith in this lotion in the beginning before I started it because my dermatologist recommended it to me , but was let down by this liquidy lotion .
 I 've been using the AmLactin 12 % Ammonium Lactate lotion for about seven days . I find that one of the lotion 's good points is that it has little or no odor . On the negative side , however , it takes forever to be absorbed into my skin , and leaves an oily feeling like that of suntan oil . This lasted for at least 10 minutes until I rubbed and rubbed and rubbed to get it to absorb into my skin . I do n't feel that the product helped my dry skin and even made it feel dryer , as opposed to other products I 've been using for severe dry skin . I would n't recommend this product .
 I ca n't quite put my finger on it , but this lotion stinks ! It almost smells like a mix between something fermented , like sour milk , and plastic . It did leave my skin silky smooth , but only after I washed it off . The lotion itself is sticky and almost waxy . I did n't care for the consistency . I much much MUCH prefer glycolic acid lotions , they seem to be less sticky !
 I have used this product for Keratosis Pilaris Rubra -LRB- KPR - the type of KP that involves reddish bumps -RRB- all over my arms . Unfortunately , it makes the inflammation worse . While it -LRB- perhaps -RRB- may be good for Keratosis Pilaris Alba -LRB- the type of KP that does n't have redness on/around the bumps -RRB- , it worsens my type of KP since it inflames the skin . Produced a rash on my arms that put me through itchy , painful , burning hell for a week . It hurt my skin so bad.On a positive note
 This product improved my dry skin . I noticed a reduction of dryness almost immediately . Outside of that quality , frankly , I did n't care much for it . The lotion left my skin feeling very waxy . Its fragrance reminded me of the odor of Elmer 's glue . I would n't recommend it to anyone unless getting rid of dry skin was his sole concern .
 My new dermatologist * who I 've since fired , unbeknownst to her * urged me to try this for my Ichthyosis -LRB- which it did n't help at all but hey , maybe my skin is n't bad enough for it to work its magic ? -RRB- . I have a VERY mild form of CIE , mind you , but I still have very dry , flaky skin head to foot . Amlactin had a sour smell to it -LRB- from the amino acids -RRB- , making me wonder if others could smell it , and I was still dry and used Cetaphil * BLESS THE CREATORS OF CETAPHIL * after applying it to make sure my skin was n't flaking . Also , Amlactin stung REALLY BAD when I applied it . Do NOT apply where you just shaved , you will try to escape from your own skin and fail . AND IT 'S EXPENSIVE . Honestly , stick with Cetaphil . I get disappointed every time I stray away from out 15 year relationship for some hot flashy new moisturizing product . Fortunately , Cetaphil always takes me back . Definition of true love right there .
 I bought this lotion after a friend recommended it . After my first use , the ammonia smell was too much to bear ... it cut clear through my clogged nasal passages -LRB- I have a really bad cold -RRB- . Perhaps I should have known this ammonia scent would happen since ammonium lactate is the 2nd listed ingredient ... but for some reason , I did not review the ingredients list so it did n't even occur to me . This lotion is so very expensive that I expected something different . Due to the very prominent ammonia smell , I could n't in good conscience recommend this to anyone . Surely there is a more pleasant way to exfoliate and moisturize .
 I had such high hopes for this lotion . However , it was disappointing in its performance . Not only is it sticky/tacky , but it is also ineffective at treating my KP -LRB- keratosis pilaris -RRB- . My legs look a little better , but not enough to justify the cost of this product . Back to the drawing board ...
 Unfortunately I was disappointed with this purchase and I would n't purchase again . I am a big fan of Michael Kors perfume and have purchased for years . This one turned up with just the name ` Michael ' printed on the bottle which makes me think it is not genuine . As the authentic bottle has ` Michael Kors ' on the front . It had a slightly different smell and I 've only sprayed it a few times and already the nozzle does n't work so the perfume leaks everywhere and does n't spray directly . VERY disappointed given I took the chance to purchase for the first time through this buyer . I wo n't again and I will return to my usual seller.A disappointed buyer .
 To simulate the experience , run a metal spoon under hot water for about a minute -LRB- as long as it takes for the unit to heat up -RRB- Leave the water running and repeatedly hold the spoon to the sore spot until the spoon cools , then reheat it . Heck , hold one spoon underwater and one on your face then switch them out . Just as much inconvenience as holding this thing up for 2 minutes.I did a lot of research before purchasing this product and all the while I just wanted to know what it really does . Unable to find much useful information , I was in a desperate situation , needing to be socially presentable and with giant welling red spots all over my face and a big meeting days away . I got the unit through amazon prime and almost immediately regretted it.We need to educate ourselves on what a product actually is , not what it 's claiming to be . Mystery surrounding some magic degree of Fahrenheit in which `` acne-bacteria '' decides to go packing like the mucus cartoon in that cough medicine commercial.Take into account every factor before deciding if something does or does n't work . Maybe the people who so fervently claim the unit works are subconsciously refraining from picking at their pimples , thus shortening their life . Or perhaps they are taking extra care with them and also applying some type of topical treatment . Perhaps these people who claim it works are coincidentally experiencing success because of other influences like decrease in stress , environment changes , weather changes , hormone changes , etc , etc , etc , etc , etc.It says on the package `` clinically proven '' but what does that mean ? I decided to clinically test it on myself , the bathroom being my clinic.The first spot I tried it on was already two days old , 1/4 red sore spot welling up under my chin . I zapped it , felt sort of numb and the heat eased the pain at first . Then my husband pointed out ... if it 's hot enough to kill bacteria , it ought to be hot enough to burn the skin . It did n't burn the skin.Then a day later I had another sore spot on my upper lip . I zapped it , and zapped the red , now very sore , spot on my chin again . Later that day the red spot was still there , sore as ever , and the spot on my lip welled up to a HUGE whitehead . The chin spot never came to a head but did n't do much anything else either.Then I had another one on my nose , a large red spot just under the surface , an ideal situation for what was described in the instructions . I zapped it . A little ease on the pain but definitely no shrinkage . Though it remained a few days did not come to a head.Finally the 30 days were almost up and remaining unconvinced , I sent it back . Besides , 30 days with only 3 major blemishes ? Everyone should be so lucky.And for the record , what DOES clinically proven mean ? `` more than one controlled study '' but not regulated by the FDA or anyone else unless specified , and therefore worth , as I see it , about as much as a zit on my face.What works , really works , for me ? A quick daily dose of steamy water , a washcloth , followed up with dabs of $ 3 store brand salicylic acid gel.Make your own decision , but I hope this review helps you decide to keep your money , or at least keep your receipt ! AND keep all the paperwork , box , and charger , because it 's stated in small print you do need it to get the refund .
 I have used this many years ago for which I just tossed it after the `` cartridge '' went empty . What ? How can a metal tip just die ? Even using it a second uses a count.This will force you to buy more cartridge to use the product because it has in memory how many times you used it . Even when it is perfectly working fine.Besides that , there was no reason for me to even mod it to make me able to use it more than the amount allowed because after using it for awhile , it has never worked or done a thing for me . As someone else stated , it simply heats up the creature.Pretty much , you waste your time and also your money for this to do nothing more than heat up a tip and apply to skin which you can do with another metal tip by warming it up and applying to the skin . However , the Zeno is more `` safe '' because it is controlled on how the temperature is , though , it would n't even matter since it does n't do much anything to most people.I would avoid buying any Zeno products due to the fact that they just force you to buy more cartridge tip with a memory chip to stop you using for longer than the ammo inside.If they allowed you to use it longer , then maybe I would say go for it , but do n't be surprised if it did n't do more than heat a piece of skin and that 's it . Going outside can make you have a hot face if directly in the sun 's rays . Does that help you ? no ... Pros
 After reading the reviews and seeing it was on sale , I thought I 'd give it a try . The product seems to be made well and the heat was not a problem at all , no discomfort . The problem for me is , that it just does n't seem to work for me . I get the occasional blemish and it 's never cystic acne or blackheads like the product says it does NOT help . My blemishes that have surfaced have not disappeared any quicker , the device did n't take the inflamation down nor did it get rid or make the inflamation any less painful . In my opinion you 'd be better off with an inexpensive facial steamer . all the device does is heat the area of the blemish and it seems you could get the same effect with a facial steamer that emits warm moisture . Sadly I 'll be returning the item and will continue my search that can truly help with acne without chemicals .
 Not sure if it really worked . It looks like it 's working at first , and then an hour later after treating I did not notice any reduction in pimple size . Would not recommend unless you have one or two pimples or less per week -- otherwise this can be REALLY expensive to try to keep up on because of replacing cartridges . My acne is moderate , and I have had it for over 10 yrs . Hope this helps ! : -RRB-
 I think it can work only for small pimple but not the big ones . If you have plenty of pimple , you used up the tip so fast . It takes alot of time to zap the pimple . This product might only be good for a 2 or 3 pimple . It takes too much time waiting and zapping your pimple .
 Did n't work for my neice . I returned it .
 Bought it at a drugstore . . my skin is annoying even if i do n't pop my pimples i get scars ... so i opted to try this out but no luck still gave me scars ... so i returned it ... it is either a hit or miss and it was a miss for me ... good luck
 bellagio import should be ashamed for selling old stock that does n't even turn on . i charged it for 6 hr and nothing .
 I was really excited about trying out this product . I ordered it and received it . I charged it for the 6 hours as it recommends yet it would n't work . The seller did give me a refund back , but I still want to try the product . I 'm thankful I did receive a refund .
 I will give Zeno this ... when it actually works , it seems to be effective . My problem with Zeno has been that the device is completely unreliable , and I have encountered the exact same problem not once , twice , but three times , so I am finished with Zeno . The device seems to work for various periods of time -LRB- my last one less than two weeks , so I am shipping it back -RRB- , and then just stops working . The device is fully charged , but flashes and makes a noise , then shuts off . This has been the exact same problem for every single Zeno device I have owned , but the last one was by far the biggest joke , since the others lasted a few months . I had a replacement tip , so the issue was n't the tip needing replacing - it 's the device , it 's truly a hunk of junk . My personal opinion is that the makers of Zeno are greedy and cunning since they benefit by consumers having to purchase another expensive device , and they charge sky high prices for the replacement tips . I do n't believe it 's a coincidence when the same thing happens three times . Never again , Zeno .
 I bought this from Target in hopes it would help with my hormonal acne and it did n't help me at all . Thankfully , I was able to return it and get all my money back .
 This really did not do anythign for my pimples . My pimples just stayed the same . Also this item so TOOO expensive for it not to work .
 I 've had acne where a cyst will pop up once every few months so I researched Zeno and bought one because studies show that heat actually does help acne . I am not a doctor , but I am an engineer and I can tell you that the disposable tips on zeno are a complete ripoff designed so that people have to keep spending money . Think about it -- how many other things with heaters & thermostats do you have to throw away after a certain number of uses . Toasters , curling irons , furnaces ... the list goes on . Sure , things will break down over time but Zeno does n't get terribly hot and the heating/thermostat components have an actual life of thousands of cycles except that in Zeno they 're artifically `` killed '' with the microchip in the head.Here 's my Zeno substitute which I have found works even better than Zeno itself . Get the following -LRB- Home Depot or Amazon has all this stuff -RRB- :1 . Credenza lamp dimmer -LRB- $ 12 -RRB- 2 . 10 Watt `` candelabra base '' incandescent light bulb -LRB- $ 2 -RRB- 3 . Night light with replaceable bulb -LRB- $ 2 -RRB- 4 . Extension cord -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- Connect it all together -LRB- putting the 10Wlight bulb in the nightlight base -RRB- and start with the light at the lowest dimmer setting . Place the bulb on the zit and SLOWLY increase the dimmer until very warm . If it gets too hot , then back off a little bit.I have found this works great because it stays hot for as long as I want to treat the zit , and there 's no waiting in between times if I have a second area that needs treatment . The best thing is that the only thing needing replacment are the cheap bulbs and they last a very long time because they 're not running at full voltage.If you use this , just be careful because 10 Watts is n't much but it can burn sensitive areas if you 're not careful . Everyone is responsible for their own actions . : -RRB-
 I had high hopes for this product but was disappointed to get no result from using it.I read all of the instructions carefully before using the Zeno . I was surprised to learn that whiteheads are not pimples -LRB- and therefore , not to be treated with the Zeno -RRB- . I treated two pimples -LRB- in their early stage as instructed in the user manual -RRB- and the Zeno seemed to have no effect on either of them.The treatment lasts 2.5 minutes and while not exactly pleasant , is entirely tolerable . The beep every 30 seconds is helpful as it allows the user to keep track of how much longer the treatment will last . I have sensitive skin but experienced only slight redness which did n't last longer than a few minutes.I charged the unit once and it kept the charge for more than two weeks of usage -LRB- at which time I returned it -RRB- . I strongly advise anyone who purchases a Zeno to begin using it as soon as it arrives . Amazon will honor the manufacturer 's 30 day satisfaction guarantee so you will want to know if it works or not before the deadline to return it . Although Amazon customer service indicated I would have to pay for return shipping , I received a full refund -LRB- and was not charged for shipping -RRB- . Finally , I could n't determine the difference between theZeno Pro Acne Clearing Device with 90 Count Cartridge , Teal , Zeno Acne Clearing Device with 60-Count Cartridge , and Zeno Mini Acne Clearing Device Black 45 Treatment Cycles on Amazon or on the Zeno website so I called the manufacturer directly . I was told that the difference between the first two is the number of uses -LRB- 90 versus 60 -RRB- . They both use a wall charger -LRB- rather than disposal batteries -RRB- . The mini uses two AAA batteries and has a 45 count cartridge .
 Used this for over three weeks on cystic adult acne with NO - absolutely NO - improvement - got my money back , of course - Buy the ANSR Beam instead - that is a product that works !
 After doing my research I decided to splurge on the Zeno . After trying so many products like proactive etc. . I was willing to spend anything if it worked ! Going into this I knew that the zeno does n't work on white heads or black heads but thats fine because it worked -LRB- supposedly -RRB- on the exact kind of acne I have -LRB- key word have not had -RRB- . After trying it numorous times and multiple times on the same pimple all I got was a nice warm feeling and nothing more . It did not shrink my pimple and it did not make them hurt less . And on top of that the tip did not last 60 treatments so I did n't think it was worth it and returned it . Not recommended .
 I read all the reviews about the Zeno and was very excited to get it . It did seem to make my pimples go away faster at first . After my second cartridge , it did n't seem to work as good . My skin did n't look any better . I have pale skin and it left red marks that would eventually fade after about an hour . It takes a while to treat a couple of pimples so it was n't easy to do in the morning when you have a hectic schedule . It does nothing to prevent new pimples either . Basically it is a very expensive , ok spot treatment . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought my Zeno back in October of 2007 , so just a few months over one year ago . It worked like a charm , but I used up the 60 uses a few weeks back so today I went out and bought my first not-cheap replaceable cartridge , only to get it home and find that the non-replaceable battery inside the zeno will no longer charge . According to the owners manual the non-replaceable battery should last 3-4 years with normal use . I 'm very disappointed . The gadget worked when it was working ... but yeah , SOOOO disappointed that my only options now are to do without or buy a whole new device . Frustrating to say the least .
 I think I must be the only person that the zeno does n't work on . I gave it a good shot and used it on upcoming pimples for a week . Nothing happened . I have large under the skin pimples , so maybe it 's not for my type of acne . I used it about 20 times and that means that I spent 50 minutes of my life holding it up to my face in the hope of my acne clearing . It did n't make it worse , but it did n't speed up the process as far as I could tell . I 'm not pleased .
 Let 's face it
 I generally have a clear complexion but wanted this for the occasional breakout . I tried it on two different occasions and it did not do anything to decrease the breakout/zit . After reading the reviews of this EXPENSIVE product , I thought it had to work . I was wrong , this product did not work for me and I would not recommend it . Stick with creams , they seem to do the job much better .
 Thank God for a money back guarantee ! I 've had moderate acne for the past several years and decided to try this after seeing ads and good reviews . I followed the manual to the letter on what type of blemishes to use this on and everything but alas , no improvement . It only made lesions larger , more painful , and more red , now with a large ring around them ! No improvement on any of my acne after many attempts . Did n't work for me and I 'd recommend NOT wasting your time and money .
 Literally left scars on my face . Burn scars actually . Does n't work . It just sucks that we 're all so vain and self-conscious in this country -LRB- blame society -RRB- that we 're willing to pay whatever amount of money for something like this . Seriously , not to get all philosophical , but with the premium we all place on physical appearance , even if we know there 's little chance of a product actually doing what it claims we 're still willing to take the chance ... because WHAT IF ? Ya know . $ 150 , $ 200 , whatever ... we feel it 's worth a shot . And the manufacturers of this junk get rich on our insecurities and nearly blind faith and optimism . BUNK !!!!
 This does not work at all . I dislike the protective timer that prevents you from using it for more three times in a row . I found no success with it . Get a chemical peel instead .
 I bought this for my teenage daughters . It works pretty well for them . However , I object to the costly replacement tips . I emailed Zeno asking them to explain the wearout mechanism in the tip . No response . I believe there is no wearout mechanism , and it 's a ripoff to be forced to buy replacement tips . Until they justify the need for replacement tips , or eliminate the counter in the tip that causes it to stop working after a certain number of uses , I can not recommend this device to anyone .
 I ordered this product for my wife for Christmas . The first one we received would n't charge . So I tried to send it back and they told me that it did n't have to be returned due to the nature of the product . They sent me a replacement . The replacement they sent me did the exact same thing as the first one , would never take a charge . So I sent it back for a refund . I ca n't really speak to how good the product actually works . All I know is they do n't make a good product .
 I have reports and images of myself with 2nd degree burns from ZENO . A man from ZENO just quit after seeing over 100 cases of damages done . My lawyers are taking this up with the FDA before this product tries to go to Europe.STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM IT !
 iam glad this product worked for some people!no one likes acne but , the truth is their is ther is no miracle cure!my son tried it three times w/little or no results then the 60 count tip indicator lights came on telling us the tip needed to be replaced ! 60 applications?acne is a fact of life for many teenagers as a result of hormone changes taking place in their bodies as they become adults . as for adult acne i believe a lot of acne problems are a result of stress . try to lower your stress level & seek out the advise of a dermatologist & maybe try a stress mgt . course .
 I have been dealing with pregnancy acne since August , so I decided to give the Zeno a try . However , I have had nothing but hassles . The first Zeno I received did not charge properly , so I had to return it through Amazon -LRB- with no problems , they do n't charge for return shipping and I had my new one within a week ! -RRB- The second one worked for about a month , and when I used it , it worked pretty well . I used it about ten times , and though it did not always stop the pimple completely , it certainly shorted it 's life span -LRB- and size ! -RRB- I was happy , and no longer felt that sense of dread when I felt a pimple coming - I could just use the Zeno and it would be no big deal ! However , a little over a month later , the SECOND device began malfunctioning , and Zeno corporation is impossible to get a hold of . Several calls and e-mails later , I am unable to get in touch with them and stuck with a $ 100 piece of plastic that I was only able to use ten times . If this device was n't so expensive , I might not care - but two defective devices for $ 100 ? I 'm not letting this matter drop and WILL get my money back . Bottom line is , it would be great - if the device would turn on for longer than 15 seconds . I would recommend you try other methods of acne control before gambling on this one - unless you like a hassle .
 Hi , I bought this two years ago ... I used it about 10 times and I really did n't notice any results.PLUS , it makes the zit look much worse for hours so you could only use this the night before.The most anoying thing is that instead of just selling the product they rigged it so it only works for about 100 times and you are forced to buy another expensive refill cartridge -LRB- or whatever they call it -RRB- . This really is a ripoff ... All this is is heat therapy ... The theory with heat is that elevated temperatures will kill bacteria . Why not just do something like heat some small smooth flat stones -LRB- like they do in spas by heating in water -RRB- and try that on problem areas?This is not anything high tech ... AVOID !!!
 I had the Zeno for a week before I returned it . I did n't give it one star , because it did work , but only very selectively . The only type of zits it had a significant effects on were zits that could have easily been -- pardon me -- dealt with manually . I was aware of the two and a half minute wait before I bought it , but I honestly did n't realize how long that would feel if you stay true to the instructions and do multiple applications on one zit in a day.If one were really squeamish about squeezing out burgeoning pimples , then this is a decent device . However , for me , that was n't worth $ 100 and a two-and-a-half-minute wait .
 My daughter suffers from moderate to severe acne so after reading all of the positive reviews of the Zeno we decided to give it a try . It did ... NOTHING . At a cost of over $ 1.00 per zit treated -LRB- not counting the initial cost of the unit -RRB- this is the biggest rip-off I 've ever fallen for .
 I own this Zeno product and all it does is get hot . It 's like placing a spoon under really hot water and holding it to your face . Heck maybe a silver spoon would actually help kill bacteria . I fell for the trick `` well it most send a `` specific '' amount of heat etc. '' this product only works in ironing the pimple and does n't seem to kill bacteria any better than benzyol peroxide . Are Zeno employees or employees at stores like Ulta and Sephora getting perks for writing reviews because there 's no way this product is helping people with moderate acne . Maybe if you have one pimple , but even if you had 1 pimple it would be a pain in the neck to use because you 'd be ironing it every few hours.Save your money it 's an expensive gimmick . Do n't even get me started on all the replacement heads I bought with my initial Zeno purchase in hopes I found something innovative . It 's easy to fall prey when you 're desperate for clear skin but look elsewhere . Products that contain benzyol peroxide as a lotion and sulfur as a mask to spot treat has worked pretty well for me . If you have insurance retinol products from the dermatologist at night can help too , but can be irritating so start off with a low dose at first . Your skin is an experiment when it comes to finding what work , but I whole heartidly this product is useless and a waste because you could accomplish the same thing with a spoon and hot water . * Also my Zeno product no longer will charge and I made sure a lamp worked in the outlet just to make sure my outlet was not the problem .
 I did n't have any luck treating hormonal acne . Seemed to actually make it worse . I am returning this back to Amazon .
 The device helped reduce some of my acne , but did n't always help . My biggest complaint is that I used it 40 or 50 times total , and it stopped working . I purchased a new tip but it did n't make any difference . Given the price and it 's success rate , it came out to about $ 5 a blemish . Ouch .
 Since the time that I have had and used this device , I have n't had success on any problem area that was treated . As a matter of fact the pimple got just as big or bigger . I appled the Zeno treatment at 1st sign of a problem . I , also continued my cleansing regime that I had been doing . I just chalk it up as another product -LRB- of the countless products that I have tried -RRB- that just does n't work.Thank YouRobert C Hunt
 I bought zeno out of that strange mix of despiration and optimism that plauges the acne-prone . I 've tried a lot of over the counter products , prescriptions from my dermatologist , and home remedies . Zeno was no better than any other treatment . It helped a little , but nowhere near enough to justify the price . Save your money .
 I purchased this in stores a while back because I read nothing but absolute rave reviews in magazines , online , etc. . I had high expectations and I was pretty disappointed.I 'm always very diligent when it comes to acne regimens and treatments so , like the instructions told me to , I used it at the first sign of a new pimple . All it really did for me was bring most of my pimples to head , which of course led to me messing with them . From everything I heard about the Zeno , I expected it to keep them at bay and SHRINK them . Totally not worth it for me . Luckily , I was able to sell it for close to what I originally paid for it.As for the heat , it 's not painful but it definitely takes getting used to . I would n't recommend this for someone with skin that 's even slightly sensitive -- you probably wo n't have a very pleasant experience.Overall , Zeno did n't work for me . Some might argue that a device that can bring a nasty pimple to a head and the end of its life quicker than it would on its own is better than nothing . I do n't necessarily disagree with that but , in this case , Zeno definitely does not live up to the big promises it makes . Give it a try , though . I seem to be an anomaly and I believe there 's a money back guarantee .
 When I started using Zeno it worked great . After the first time I charged it something happened and the alarm signal did not go off in time . I was burned very badly on my face . It blistered and is scarred . I would definately be careful .
 Zeno is no longer selling/supporting this product , so there are NO replacement tips available , other than at a several hundred percent markup here on Amazon ! Do not buy this product !!!
 All the great reviews , FDA approval and the high price led me to buy this device thinking `` finally something that will work '' . Well I question if many of the glowing reviews are legitimate . This product has a nice believable concept , but does n't work.During the last 2 weeks , I used it on acne that is in the beginning stage -LRB- 3 times per pimple per day -RRB- and noticed no difference whatsoever . It heats up the pimple for 2.5 minutes and gives you the impression it actually did something to make a difference - but it does n't actually have any affect on the growth of each pimple . I understand this does n't work on cystic acne or one ingrown hair . Well it does n't work on any other types of acne either . Its just an expensive placebo device.Seems to be a money making scheme . It comes with a head that can only be used 60 times . Then you have to buy a replacement head -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- . Based on the head you could be spending $ 0.50 per use . That adds up . If this device worked as advertised I would not mind paying the high cost , but unfortunately , its just another excellently marketed scam.I have no problem posting positive remarks for products that work as advertised . Zeno does not work as advertised.They do have a 30 day return policy . I WILL BE RETURNING THIS USELESS DEVICE .
 I purchased this product several weeks ago . I have had a few `` opportunities '' to use it when I have felt a new zit coming . I have used the Zeno and have not really seen anything magical . It seems like the zit still comes to the surface and stays for several days as they always have . I will admit that I have not been using it every few hours as mentioned on the package . I work all day and only have time to do treatments in the morning and evening - so perhaps it would make a difference if I were able to use it more frequently . I will continue to try it in the future since it will not hurt anything and I still want to give it a fair chance .
 supposedly brand new but did not even power on after charging . no problems with refund thanks to amazon
 HELP , DOES ANYONE HAVE A SOLUTION TO MY PROBLEM ? Seven months ago I used my zeno just like the instructions stated , just like the previous time , only this time it was like a jolt and sting , I put ice on it and went to bed when I woke up the next morning I had a blister where i used my zeno it was burning and red . It took me three weeks for the sore that formed to heal , that was 7 months ago and it is still peeling . My doctor said it was a bad burn and if I continues peeling I will need skin graft , my skin is so thin from it and it is on top of my nose so I am dreading a graft.Has anyone else had a burn from their Zeno ?
 Do n't waste your money , or time !
 I have this Zeno and it 's money wasted . Of course heat will kill a pimple , so it works , but the Zeno is very difficult to use . One fault is the hot spot is located towards one side of the device , so that cap was always popping off when I held it against a pimple . I also hated all the loud beeping noises it made , and you have to stand in front of the mirror for 3 minutes at a time holding this clumsy object up to your face . Try doing that in a public bathroom , you look like an idiot . And after a year of having this , it simply stopped working , and that really makes me angry since I spent so much money on it . The cartridge still contained at least 50 % more uses ... and the device does n't charge ! I hate this thing and I wish I never bought it.I found out a better method to `` heat '' the pimple to kill the germs inside . If you 've never used a Zeno , you should know the tip is very hot . It 's the hottest possible temperature you can stand without burning your skin . What I 've done instead , and this has worked extremely well
 the device did not work from the beginning and after filling a complaint still i am not able to return the item .
 Product did not work , out of the box . Nice idea , nice advertising , good delivery , but it did not function beyond the initial use .
 Bought this hoping it would work on occasional cystic ance but it does n't seem to do anything . I never noticed any benefits or reduced healing time . I ended up throwing it away just like the money I spent on it .
 I bought this product via Amazon and it came completely sealed/unopened . When I tried to charge it for the first time , it never took a charge , despite trying several times and even for more than the amount of time recommended . No sign of life whatsoever.I contacted the seller who was very responsive , but suggested I try to rectify things with Zeno customer service first . No problem.So , over the `` 30-day guarantee '' period , I sent TWO e-mails to Zeno 's `` Contact Us '' address and never got a response . I then left THREE messages on their `` Service '' hotline . NO human response and never a call back over that entire time . INFURIATING!Thankfully , the seller agreed to return the item but I am appalled that the manufacturers of such an expensive product clearly DO NOT back it ... and the automated voice message that starts with `` Your call is very important to us '' is lip service . I feel for the seller , because clearly he/she got the shaft , too , as a vendor for this product.Bottom line , if considering buying this , do n't let the `` 30 day satisfaction guarantee '' be a factor in your decision -- it is completely WORTHLESS when service is nonexistent . I ca n't comment on whether it works , however I can certainly caution -LRB- without hesitation -RRB- about my experience and about the supposed guarantee
 I had a Zeno from a couple of years back that I recently gave to a much younger acquaintance who needed it more than I did . I thought I would just pick up a new one for the occasional pimple . I have now ordered two of them . Apparently they are selling old ones - so old that the rechargeable battery is dead and will no longer charge . I was given credit for the first one and am hoping that I will be given credit for the one that just arrived today . It 's been plugged in for hours with absolutely no sign of life . While I was happy with the one I had that worked and would rate it higher , I 'm not going to try a third time .
 Got a package few days ago , and the crumpled box that was labeled as `` CLEARANCE '' with yellow color . In the package , there was NO rechargeable battery , and NO 60-count treatment tip , but only an empty box . Worse than that , the device itself can not be charged . How can they sell this kind of product ?
 But most people I know who have had a zeno end up getting rid of it . I was one of them . All it does is heat up the pimple . That 's it ! This is n't worth the expense . Also I think it depends on the kind of acne you have because it did n't work on mine . I have only a mild acne problem - I rarely have more than 3 pimples on my face at once . And this just did n't work for me any better than other acne products do .
 I bought this product after VERY careful research and reading all the reviews and instruction tips . It did not work for me AT ALL . I have red , painful cystic acne and I applied the Zeno the second I noticed a bump under my skin , all it did was leave a red mark on my skin for 30-60mins . I even did multiple treatment cycles several times a day , and a week later still no response ! You have to keep it charged 24/7 because the battery dies after about 2-3 uses . I regret spending almost $ 100 on this ...
 I ca n't tell you how excited I was to learn about this product . And after reading all the fabulous reviews , I was even more convinced . However , I am very sad to say that Zeno did not work for me . It did n't alleviate the pain of blemishes , it did n't speed recovery -- nothing.At first I used it religiously and studiously according to the instructions
 My mom bought this for me at a whole foods grocery store while I was visiting her in texas . She heard Vit K helps with dark circles -LRB- which i was born with ! -RRB- So after trying it out on one eye for about a week and deciding it was helping , i started on both eyes . I noticed about 3 weeks later little bumps on my eyelids . I did n't think much of it so i continued use . The next day my whole eye area was red , bumpy , swollen and very itchy . I looked awful for about 4 days ! I tried cortisone ointment on my second day and it helped ALOT so save yourself the time of visiting a derm . It did dry out the area but after 2 days of cortisone ointment i switched to neosporin ointment and it helped very much . This is day 5 and its almost gone . My eyes look 25yo again ! They looked terribly wrinkled for those 4 days as well . SO PLEASE DONT BUY JASONS PRODUCTS . I have never in my life had a reaction to any creams/ointments/lotions / drugs . . and if this happened to me it will happen to you ! I have pics of my eyes to prove this !
 PLEASE I urge everyone DO NOT PURCHASE THISE PRODUCT ! 1 - It is defective - within 5 minutes of putting the creme on my face as instructed , my face began to swell , burn and turn a deep red ! I immediately washed my face and within 1 hour the swelling subsided ! It took 24 hours for the redness to begin to disappeare2 - When I tried to contact these people America RX - 4 times I called - 3 of which I was hung up on and the 4th I was told to take the product and shove it up my ass ! Nice customer Service ! 3 - I contacted Amazon.com ; filed claims ; and Amazon stated they would take care of everything fore me -- below is ONE RUDE email I received from AmericaRX - you read for yourself - and ask yourself - does this make any sense and do you want to LOOSE your money to these people should something go wrong with YOUR purchase ! 4 - I ask you - if you buy a creme/lotion/whatever from the store/pharmacy/online - how do you know 100 % it will work until you try it - so the statement made by AmericaRX below about `` we do not accept any used products as returns as in the same way we did not sell the used product '' then really ???? I am returning it because it burnt my face , frankly all I want is a refund if they do n't want their bad defective product back fine - BUT I DO WANT MY MONEY BACK ! 5 - Also the statement of `` customer should `` think '' before ordering that product is suitable for them or not '' - really again , how would I know that if I am trying to something - this was suppose to make red veins on my veins fade - it was recommended that vitaimin K creme would help -- when I typed in on Amazon - this is what came up so I purchased it - but the packaging viewing on Amazon.com from these people and when the actual product arrived are TWO COMPLETELY DIFFERENT THINGS ! But again , how am I suppose to know if it was `` suitable '' until I `` tried '' it !!! 6 - Also - do not let the AmericaRx `` distract '' you -- there is NOTHING AMERICA about this company , their representatives , or their language ! Not sure what world I called - but they were beyond rude ! Contact the manufacturer before you place an order why - the manufacturer did not sell the product to me or ship it to me AmericaRx is whom I purchased it from and who shipped it to me in their bizarre packaging ! 7 - So you have been `` warned '' -- now you decide if your face is worth the risk . and hassle of dealing with these people!THIS IS AN EMAIL I RECEIVED FROM SHRIKANTH -LRB- AMERICARX -RRB- HOW RIDICULOUS IS THIS EMAIL/COMMENT ... In reference to order # we are informing that we have shipped out the product `` Jason Naturals Vitamin K Cr&egrave;me Plus - 2 oz `` as you ordered for it . First of all , as per our policy we do not accept any used products as returns and in the same way we did not sell the used products also . The customer should think before ordering that product is suitable for them or not . But , you ordered and used the product then wants to return it as it was not suitable . We do n't accept any used products as returns . Customer should contact to the manufacturer before he want to place order or use the product.Thank You , Srikanth , AmericaRx .
 All the web-sites I searched showed Vitamin K Creme in a pump container . Your site was the only one showing a picture of this cream in a jar , which I preferred . But you sent me this cream in a pump just like the other web-sites showed . This is very deceiving and I 'm very dissatisfied.Linda Landry
 I was so excited to receive my aquolina hair perfume and was counting down the days until it arrived ! As soon as I sprayed it on my hair it smelled cheap , very alcoholish and I immediately knew this was not the same product I tried in the store . I checked the back of the bottle and the brand is a completely different brand , NOWHERE on the bottle does it say Aquolina . I received a knockoff and I 'm so dissapointed .
 Just like the previous person i got some off brand this thing said it was the same as what you get in sephora but it is not . I should have known looking at the picture .
 This is a review for people like me who have wavy-borderline-curly hair and want to add curl and volume as their hair is drying . My hair tends to look weighted down , and my goal when I 'm blow-drying is to set the curl gel I use and add volume at the roots.This diffuser does n't do it . It may be a great diffuser for curlier hair , but it does n't seem to let enough air through to dry my hair as quickly as I need it to to add volume and prevent frizz . I 'm still trying to find a diffuser that does what I want as well as the old , cheap , now-broken one I had that held my hair in place while getting it dry quickly .
 This diffuser was way too tight on my dryer and kept popping off . I would have returned it although I recycled the box too quickly . A big disappointment .
 It was an expensive diffuser and I was not at all impresssed with the performance in comparison to the price point .
 I ordered this product a little while back and when I went to use it , I realized it was n't the REAL thing . I Emailed the company but never got a response . The REAL product is GREAT , if you can trust where you are ordering from .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM - I paid over $ 200 for 10 cans of hairspray because I can no longer find this brand in any salons . I just recently opened the first can that I received from Amazon and it is TERRIBLE . The only feature that appears to be the same is the packaging . The spray had a terrible odor and it did not work AT ALL in the same way the cans from actual salons did.I have used this product for years -LRB- from salons -RRB- and was never displeased with it until I opened the cans I received from this site . I tested a few of the other cans that came in my Amazon shipment and they were all the same
 I usually buy this in the store and figured I would try it online . It is definitely fake and not the real scent . Never again will I buy this .
 I bought this perfume based on the great reviews and I really like B-Brit , but when I received it and put it on there was a high strong note I could n't quite place , it was very like disinfecting way up in my nose -LRB- but I Am very sensitive to perfumes -RRB- kind of reminding me of final net hairspray -LRB- Too Bad -RRB- I 'm glad I only bought the sample I am going to try this from now on , saved me a-lot of money if I would have bought the full bottle ! and also to flowery for my taste I like a more clean smelling scent .
 PLEASE DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR . THEIR PRODUCTS AND SPURIOUS AND FAKE . I ORDERED A BURBERRY WEEKEND PERFUME FROM THEM AND WHEN I RECEIVED IT I FOUND THE FRAGRANCE TO BE DISTINCTLY DIFFERENT FROM MY PREVIOUS BOTTLE . IT WAS LIKE WATER . WITH THE FRAGRANCE LASTING FOR BARELY FIVE MINUTES . PLEASE CHECK YOUR PERFUMES AND FILE A CLAIM IF YOU NOTICE ANY DIFFERENCE .
 I found this scent very strong smelling and overwhelming with only a spritz . Reminds me of the Lamp Berger gardenia scent ... not a fan . I wo n't be wearing it again .
 I was wondering ... how can be half price ... now i know ... is just different from my previous bottle ; smells last for 5-10 minutes ... so please save your money . . do n't buy it ... is fakeshipping fast ... but ... : -LRB-
 I bought this perfume blindly based on reviews I read on perfume sites on the Net . And yes , buying perfume blindly is silly ; but if buying over the Internet is the most convenient means to getting certain products because those products are not readily available to you because you live in a small town , then sometimes you have to make that gamble.This is a poor excuse for a citrus scent . It is sharp and simply not good smelling . It smells bad in the bottle , on paper , and on the skin . I expected better from a reputable company like Burberry . Maybe I 'll have better luck with a Bvlgari fragrance .
 Ther perfume smells different from the original scent . Color appears slightly off too . This is definitely a fake product ! Never again .
 I was really turned off by this scent . I gave it enough of a chance , and it did manage to settle down into something milder after a few hours , but it was still an unattractive smell . It smells like something a much older woman would wear . I think it 's because of all the overwhelming florals . Burberry Classic is my signature scent , and this had none of the creaminess or fruitiness of the original . Just a steady , strong old floral . Really not my thing .
 This is a total waste of money . The comb comes with no instructions , and pieces that seem to go nowhere . It is too tiny to fit a regular size blowdryer . What a rip off .
 THIS IS THE BIGGEST RIP OFF EVER !!!!!!!!!!! THIS THING CAN NOT ADJUST TO ALL BLOW DRYERS !!!!!!! ITS A BIIGGGGG LIEEE !!!!!!!! I JUST WANT MY $ 10 BACK !!!!!!!! ITS TINY TINY TINY . . IT CANNOOT ADJUSTTHIS COMPANY RIPPED ME OFF !!!
 Bought this product for my wife . She uses this product all the time , but was tired of the high price the retail store was charging . So , decided to shop the internet . This product was priced right and delivery was quick , however , when my wife opened this product the gel had a strong OLD smell to it ... She was n't happy !!!! I went to the high priced retail store and bought her a new tube and it was fresh with no OLD ODER . Probably should return the two tubes we purchased ... BUT WHAT A HASSEL !!
 THEY CHANGED THE PRODUCT AND IT 'S AWFUL NOW . -LRB- This for for the regular -LRB- oil -RRB- version . -RRB- I used this product for 7 years and I loved it even though I had to mix two colors -LRB- nude and porcelain -RRB- to get a match to my skin . I felt it was worth it because it was so amazing.NO LONGER AMAZING . In fact , it is awful . It used to be hydrating , now it dries out my skin . It used to make it glowy , now while I 'm wearing it my dry skin looks like an oil slick and when I wash it off it 's dry.I could tell right away that they changed the formula and I emailed them to ask them what they changed . They said they did n't change it . Well , I came across an older box and I compared it to my most recent purchase and they did change it . They took out the kalaya oil and switched it for castor oil ! I remember it had kalaya oil because I looked it up online after seeing it on their box because I wanted to buy just kalaya oil since it moisturized so well without breaking me out or making me oily . It 's now gone and replaced with castor . The castor made the product so thick in consistency when it used to be thin and sink into my skin , looking lovely and hydrating it . The castor also makes it sit on top of the skin like a glob of oiliness and the thicker consistency highlights every line and pore . The castor also dries out the skin.So they basically took out a great -LRB- and expensive -RRB- ingredient and now it 's a cheapened product but still costs $ 40 . Just a total mess now.I ca n't believe the people at LM would change such a beloved product.What a mistake ! And they LIED about it ! I just left a review of it on their site and it 's not showing up , so I wonder if reviews are reviewed before they are visible ... ? Would n't surprise me , since they lied to me . That 's why I added this new category , so I could let people know they changed the product just in case others noticed a difference too , especially if they do review the reviews before they publish them . I 'm betting they do n't want word getting out that they changed the formula -- them lying to me about it is pretty compelling for that theory . Also , looking at the reviews on their website , there are no negative ones whatsoever . Until I reviewed this now I did n't realize they have to approve reviews . If they thought they could keep the cheapening of their product quiet , they were wrong . I 'm going to tell everyone they changed it to cheaper ingredients just like I used to tell everyone to use it . Yes , I 'm angry -- angry they lied to me and have deceptive reviews in addition to substituting cheaper ingredients for better ones without lowering the price .
 Read great reviews about this product but it just was n't that great . too watered down for me -LRB- older skin -RRB- . Will not purchase again .
 I read somewhere that Sarah Jessica Parker says this stuff makes her face `` glow '' , yeah , it made me look pasty . And it actually did n't settle into my skin evenly . Not happy with this product at all , but will still use it as sunscreen as it seems to do the job .
 My husband calls me a marketer 's wet dream because I tend to believe any reasonable claim made b a product . I 'm not stupid enough to think I can eat like a pig , never get off the couch and still lose weight by taking Brand X Magic Fat-Burning Pills -LRB- I wish , though ... -RRB- but when a product claims to have an SPF -LRB- which I understand to signify Sun Protection Factor -RRB- of 20 , I assume that it will , in fact , go some way towards protecting my skin from those icky ultraviolet rays . Sadly , this is not the case with Laura Mercier Tinted Moisturizer SPF 20 . I slapped this stuff on over an already decent base tan and spent four hours shopping in Cozumel , only to be confronted with a boiled-looking face upon my return to the ship . I have since been told that the caveat appears , in tiny print on the tube , that wearing a sunscreen under this product is recommended . Well , what 's up with that ?? If I wanted to smear multiple layers of product on my skin , I 'd wear makeup ! And if it says `` SPF '' on the tube , should n't there be some , you know , actual SPF ? As a tinted moisturizer this product is completely satsfactory , but as far as SPF goes , you might as well use Vaseline .
 If you have acne prone or oily skin , do not purchase this product . I made me break out . I think it is would be perfect for those with normal to dry skin though .
 I found this product not as advertised . It 's thick , greasy and looks very artificial . Perhaps the oil-free version works better , but this product was like applying paint . I 've used foundations in the past but now like tinted moisturizers because they are light , easy to apply and have a very subtle look . This product was like applying grease paint . If you want a thick cover than this is the product you might consider . I bought another product from the same line , the brightening powder and it 's o.k. , but do n't think I would purchase it again . Given my experience with these two products I would probably never buy anything from this line again .
 I love , love , love Laura Mercier 's products , but this one just disappointed.The moiturizer is very heavy and gooey , and does not go on evenly . Since it is tinted , an even application is necessary . The colors are not natural looking , at least the ones I have tried . And it did not make my face feel moisturized.The coverage is also too sheer for me -LRB- ok ... so I 'm a tad bit over 40 -RRB- . So I would need to use foundation anyway.I 'm sticking to a non-tinted moisturizer -LRB- not by Laura M -RRB- .
 I do not wear foundation , but really liked the idea of a tinted moisturizer since I like to wear a moisturizer with SPF every day to protect my skin and wanted just a little color without the caked on feel or look.This may be a fantastic foundation -LRB- I 'm not really qualified to rate that category -RRB- , but it is a HORRIBLE moisturizer . I have very normal skin -- does n't take much moisturizer . The first time I tried this product , I applied it three times and it STILL lacked the moisture I get from my drugstore stand-bys like Oil of Olay.The name of this product is incredibly misleading . I see that most of the positive reviewers here use it as a foundation , which is great , but it should be called a Foundation rather than a Moisturizer . I am returning the product and will continue my search for a good tinted moisturizer .
 I have purchased this twice , thinking that I had bought the wrong color for my skin tone . It is n't an inexpensive product , so I ended up spending over $ 80 for it.It was n't my skin tone , it was the product . I have read so many raves about this stuff , but it seems heavy and goopy , and looks artificial . If I wanted this kind of product , I would have been just as well getting a drug store foundation and saved the money.I tried to purchase this in person , but the only way to get this is on line . So there is not really any choice in testing it out.Save your money .
 I have been using mineral foundation for the last 2 years , and I thought I would try something else after reading tips from a professional makeup artist on About.com . Turns out , I went back to my good old foundation within 10 minutes.This tinted cream provides absolutely no coverage , ZERO . What is leaves behind however is a layer of oil that made my skin shiny and sticky.I rinsed my face , and never looked back .
 I am really not in a position to rate the product since it was the wrong fragrance I received and that I hated . It was the Lyme fragrance and I got rid of it . Sorry .
 It did n't smell the way I remembered it in Bermuda . I later sampled it again in a fragrance outlet and it did n't smell good to me either .
 Colours of Love has a very similar feel of Guerlain 's Precious Heart , but much better made . Much better fruit notes in this one . Fruity floral that 's very light , but long lasting . Almost a shower fresh type of scent . It just turns horrid on my skin after awhile . Not bottleworthy in my opinion.NOTES
 Colours of Love has a very similar feel of Guerlain 's Precious Heart , but much better made . Much better fruit notes in this one . Fruity floral that 's very light , but long lasting . Almost a shower fresh type of scent . It just turns horrid on my skin after awhile . Not bottleworthy in my opinion.NOTES
 unfortunately this product did not help my dry scalp and dandruff . i am not happy with it at all . may be this was helpful for other buyers but not for me .
 PRODUCT HAS SCENT OF SOME TYPE OF FAT OR TALLOW WHICH OVERPOWERS FRAGRANCEPOSSIBLE REFORMULATION OF INGREDIENTS IS IN ORDERSMELL IS ALMOST A RANCID GREASE TYPE OF SMELLI HOPE THIS HELPS IN REFORMULATION OF PRODUCT
 I was hoping for something that would last all day and give my lashes some well-needed umph . I am blonde and my lashes are thin and short . This did NOT do the job . It clumped -LRB- even though it says it wo n't -RRB- and by the end of the day left a shadow below my lower lashes -LRB- even though I do n't put mascara on my lower lashes -RRB- . This is not the worst mascara I have ever used which is why I gave it two stars but it is definitely NOT worth the high price tag .
 I am not impressed with this product . I am going back to my Lancome mascara .
 I compared this to one I bought from CVS . Bottles are different , product color is different . There is a reason why this sells for a low price .
 This may help with dandruff if you use it a number of times . I have used it the last four or five shampoos and the dandruff is only slightly less.But I am not going to use it again . The first time some got in my eyes . They burned , they stung . I washed it out in the shower , repeatedly flushing my eyes . The burning continued for a number of hours . Then I was extremely careful in subsequent uses but today even though I was careful I got a drop in the eye . I flushed and flushed . It is not burning but to heck with this.I called the optometrist 's office after the burning . Received a call back from the office in which I was told that is was possibly the menthol or the amount of menthol in the product . I 'd like confirmation of what causes such extreme irritation so I can buy another brand without the offending ingredient .
 I 'm sorry , but this smells much more like an Ampharos than a Pikachu . Are they dumb ? If I wanted Ampharos-smelling perfume , I would get it . Have they never smelled a Pikachu before ? This was really disappointing .
 This product just does n't do the job . This is the first time I used glycolic acid pads and I do n't think I ever will again .
 Received the gloMinerals gloBlush in Spice Berry very quickly , however the first time I used it , it just broke up into pieces once I touched it with my blush brush . Very brittle must be very old cant use it .
 The flat iron seemed to automatically turn off while I was using it and I did n't notice until most of the heat was lost . It did not seem to be a power connection problem because the green light was still on . I had to constantly turn the iron off and back on again during use to get the iron to keep a steady temperature . I contacted the seller but unfortunately their store offers only 30 days return policy and I was a few days late in reporting the problem so my loss .
 While I did n't expect a professional-level product for this price , I did expect it to do SOMETHING . It did absolutely NOTHING . Not even a tiny bit . I returned the product to Amazon .
 I 've used Calgon Vanilla Swirl body mist for some time now . It is a very prominent vanilla/cotton candy kinda of smell . The product I received from this seller ... HAS NO SMELL ! I 'm very upset and would really love to get my money back ... but do n't know how to do that
 I used the Aveda R.M. shampoo and followed with this Aveda R.M. conditioner . My hair always felt like straw even before I could get out of the shower ! It was absolutely killing my hair . It 's too bad , because I LOVE the way it smells , which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . Aveda products are usually very good to me , so I am quite disappointed that this did n't work out .
 I have always loved getting my hair cut at Aveda salons because of how nice everything smells and how great my hair looks when I leave . I held off on buying this conditioner because of the price , but finally went for it.After the first time I used it , my hair felt dried out and tangled like I had just been swimming . I figured I needed to just try using more next time , but it still had the same effect . The worst part was that my hair was so tangled that I ended up with a lot more in my brush than normal , even though I am very careful to not yank my hair when it is wet.I had been looking forward to getting this conditioner and being able to use it at home , so it was very disappointing when I realized it was n't going to work out . This really does not seem like the same product they use in the salon . I am hoping that they will let me return it next time I go in .
 After reading all the great reviews I was so excited to get the cream ! Well , it did not live up to expectations . . AT ALL !!! If you have sensitive skin , dont even try it ! Within a week my face was so read and started breaking out ! It is also not good to wear under makeup b/c it doesnt absorb well . I am now trying Murad and I hope it works !
 I would like to just say that I never received this item and I am not happy b/c I was expeting this item before Christmas for a gift . According to the delivery date I was suppose to receive this item on the 23 of December but never did . Now here we are in 2012 and still have not received my purchased item ... I am very disappointed with this seller . As a result I will not be purchasing anything from this seller in the future . I hope I will be reimbursed all my money back b/c it 's not fair that I was charged for something that I never got , I would like to find out how I can go about to get in contact with this seller ? So please be very careful !!
 I was afraid to buy this one , but i gave a try , because it was good review on the webside.should always follow myself.it is just a cheap one , smells gross , not even want to use it for my bathroom.i like amazon , but felt really bad this time , i do n't believe the origenal price was $ 62 , you get what you paid for .
 I like to add shampoo to my hair first thing during a shower and leave it on while I continue to shower . Then the last thing I do is rinse the shampoo off my hair . So the shampoo has about 10-15min contact with hair/scalp/skin around hair . This product when left on skin too long maybe 10-15min , will start to burn the skin . I got a chemical burn from this shampoo .
 I bought this because it had `` decent '' reviews , a pretty good mix of them actually , so i thought i would give it a shot and make up my own mind.To begin with the smell of the tar is so strong that it already turns you negative towards the product but you convince yourself that its `` good '' for you plus you spent a ridiculous amount of money so you decide to use it.The sensation on your hair is horrible , it does not lather up almost at all , thus leaving you with a feeling that you did not wash your hair to begin with . Brushing your hair is a nightmare even if you use a TON of conditioner and after products !! But honestly for me the WORST feeling was the sliminess on my body that just made me want to vomit ! It was like taking a slugs slime and rubbing it allover it was horrible!I did use most of it just for the sake of maybe it will help with itchy scalp and dandruff but it help with neither . It just made my hair extra dry and gave me split ends !! So i would definitely not recommend it nor buy it again!I will definitely be sticking with Paul Mitchell 's Tea Tree oil series way much better/healthier and nicer results !
 It may help clear the dandruff but it left my hair dry and very brittle .
 I ordered perfume from this seller , and it was not the real perfume inside the bottle . The lid does not even fit the bottle properly . The bottle has been refilled with a perfume that is not even the same color as the real perfume . The contents smell like a cheap old lady , rather than the sweet smell that I paid for . Do not buy from this seller .
 The title pretty much says it all . Don ; t know any other way to describe this then to say it seems as though it was designed to cause a headache . The scent is beyond horrible . The only saving grace is that it wears off quickly . Gave it two stars for fast shipping and good packing , but the cologne itself ...
 This is Too sweet smelling . Better suited as womens perfume than cologne . It gave me a headache.Sorry , Ca n't reccomend it .
 Giving my bottle away tomorrow . I tried to like this stuff but it is to sweet smelling . Also there is an odor in it that flat out just makes me ill . It smells good on someone else but I cant wear this stuff . Very cloying . If you -LRB- a Man -RRB- like to smell like sweet vanilla this stuff is for you.Buy the cuba red -LRB- I have -RRB- ALOT more manly smelling ... spicy good sent .
 I bought this cologne in 2008 and have used it maybe 2 times . Not really impressed . It 's definitely not one of my favorites ... not a must have !!
 Well , this cologne is cheap and you can not go wrong with such cheap cologne . But this cologne is not usable . It has weird floral like scent and definitely as a guy I did n't like it . Moreover the scent is so strong that everyone around would notice the scent . So , for me there is no use of it . At the end of the day you get what you pay for .
 THE PRODUCT WAS PRETTY CHEAP FOR THIS KIND OF PRODUCT , BUT ALSO WAS OLD AND HAD LOST NEARLY ALL FOR HIS FRAGANCE . NOT RECOMMENDED FOR FURTHER RESALE
 My father has been wearing pour un homme for years and was very excited when I told him Amazon carried this product . While the cologne arrived authentically packaged , it 's scent was extremely weak compared to what it normally smells like . I suspect this bottle was a little on the old side and that is why it 's potency was questionnable .
 I have nothing else to say except that it does n't work . Used up the whole bottle on a certain area and scarring is still exactly the same .
 I have an old scar that I tried this on . It has n't gone away or even look anything close to fading . I 'm not sure if it works better if the scar is `` new . ''
 DO NOT PURCHASE THIS SCAR CREAM . IT DOES NOT HELP AT ALL . I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT AND DO NOT SEE ANY DIFFERENCE . I HAD TO STOP USING BECAUSE MY SCARS WERE ACTUALLY GETTING RED AND NOT GETTING BETTER AT ALL . IT IS A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY . I HAD TO SEARCH FOR A DIFFERENT CREAM TO HELP MY SCARS HEAL PROPERLY.IT IS VERY EXPENSIVE TOO .
 I bought this because I was under the impression that because it is named the same thing as the 2oz bottle in the variety pack sold by the same company , that it would be the same scent ... Not the case ... . If you thought about buying this because you liked the Cubano gold from their variety pack look elsewhere or buy from an actual store so you can compare it.The cologne I received was not the same as the one I had thought it would be and not only that , but amazon has a NO RETURNS policy on `` flammable liquids '' so you are n't able to return this product at all.Very disappointed by this product and I wo n't be purchasing it again . Buyer Beware ...
 They really mean exfoliating when describing this sponge . It has too rough a surface to use on anything but my feet .
 I thought these would be thicker since they are called a washcloth . All these are is a oversize baby wipe .
 It is a very runny texture , which makes it not easy to use . I also did n't feel like it did what the product claims to do . Used it a couple times and never tried it again .
 This set is not surgical stainless steel construction , it is nickel plated , according to Wusthof 's catalog . It is still a decent product , but not what it claimed to be in the description .
 I ordered this item and returned it . The cuticle scissors did n't work well and were poor quality in my opinion . The `` nail clipper '' was not a conventional nail clipper , and I found it awkward to use.Save your dough . Buy something else .
 Ah , Neutrogena triple protect ! Self proclaiming to guard the skin via soothing razor irritation , healing dry skin , and helping to fight the signs of aging with its SPF 20 sunscreen protection . That 's all fine and dandy until you flip the bottle over only to read the fine print on the reverse side where it is revealed that -LRB- emphasis mine -RRB- : `` This product has been shown only to help prevent sunburn , NOT SKIN CANCER OR EARLY SKIN AGING `` Reading between the lines , this implies that it only affords protection against UVB rays . Disappointing in that this lotion really does a great job in the after-shave uses that it is touted for . Unfortunately , in the end , its an expensive product that underwhelms in the skin protection department .
 I used this lotion and immediately developed rashes on my face . I did n't suspect this caused it , and went to see the dermatologist who gave me something to fix those.It took me a couple of weeks to clear out my skin , and I started using this again . Within 2 days I developed even a worse rash than before . This time I figured it was this lotion.Then I actually looked at the back of the lotion , and noticed a warning . `` Stop using if a rash develops '' . I had no idea that using a lotion can cause such a bad rash . May be that 's a standard warning on other lotions too , but I 've never noticed it before . I did n't even think that 's possible , but then my dermatologist said that it 's probably the `` anti aging '' part of it that caused it.Anyway , just a warning for someone who might be trying it out for the first time .
 NOT ANY DIFFERENT OR BETTER THAN DRUG STORE ONE FOR MUCH LESS MONEY.IN COMPARISON WITH LESS EXPENSIVE PRODUCT LIKE CLAIROL OR NEXIS .
 Smelled rancid . Had to throw it away . I purchased it for my mother because its one of her favorite fragrances . This was nasty .
 Although Amazon indicated this supplier had the product , after the product was ordered , I received notice from the supplier that they are out of the product . However , the supplier managed to send me another item and charged me for shipping of a product I did not want without the product out of supply . I am very disappointed with this vendor .
 I bought this product and what I received was a bottle full of water ! And I bought the Intense Hydrating Treatment from the same seller too . The product was so weird and watery . I showed my hairdresser and he told me that this was not a real Joico product . This is such a shame ! I felt cheated . If I could give 0 stars , I would !
 This is the weirdest consistency ever.Like putting H2O on your hair!My first reaction was it ca n't be right and after reading other reviews I think I am right!The smell is odd not really bad just odd and I can live with that.But it has done NOTHING for my hair , NOTHING ! Beware ladies : -LRB-
 I bought this treatment hoping it would work wonders for my dry , damaged hair . After first use , I did not see any improvement in my hair . I thought that maybe it takes more than one time to see better results . I 've been using it for over a month and my hair still looks and feels the same . The product smells nice , like bananas , but I do not like the watery consistency and texture . Maybe it 's not working on my hair which was damaged from bleach and heat damage . The only thing that has helped my hair so far was hot oil treatments and frequent trims .
 I normally love Joico products , and was happy to be able to puchase this via Amazon . Product arrived on time , but must be several years old - it is grainy , clearly old , and I seriously doubt it is still effective . What a waste of money . I wo n't buy this kind of product via Amazon again .
 I have been a user of the K-Pak Reconstructor in the smaller tube size for a long time . I decided to buy the bigger size as it seemed like a better deal . It is definitely not the same product . It 's not as thick and is very watery . My hair does not get as soft as with the smaller size tube product and I end up using much more of the product to compensate . Not worth the money .
 When I received this product , it was all weirdly textured , like it was very old . It was broken down and smelled weird . I used it anyway , might as well have used Suave . I have purchased this product from salons in the past and LOVED it , so I know that this stuff was either very old or fake . BEWARE !
 Not the same consistency as ones I bought in store . I purchased 2 tubes from this dealer and they are much more liquid than the thicker consistency I find when I purchase in a store such as Ulta . Dissapointed .
 Ive have had Joico 's reconstructor before and know what to expect and this is DEFINITELY not that . Its as if something entirely different was put inside the package . . The smell and texture are entirely different ... Needless to say I 'm far less than thrilled . .
 I 'm not sure if this was a scam or what , but I do not think the actual product was in the container I got . It smelled awful , it was runny , and had an odd color . I 've used Joico products before . Maybe this was expired or maybe I got taken , but after one use I threw the rest of it away , Lord only knows what was in there that I was putting on my hair ! NOT at all pleased , a huge waste of money ! Buy these products at a licensed retailer , not on here !
 I received this in a runny clotted condition . I am using it up anyway due to its small size but I am annoyed it 's not right .
 I should have known not to bother buying this online , but when in another country , your options are n't the best.Anyways , this was n't K-pak reconstructor in this bottle that I got . There might be 1 % in it so you can call it that . But , for 1 , half of my bottle was empty . 2 , it was weird , watery and chunky . REAL K-pak is creamy , thick and smells really good . This stuff stunk and I will NOT be putting it in my hair.I know they say that unless it 's bought from a salon you do n't know what it is ; lesson learned . I just think it 's pretty shady that you 'd try to pass this off as the real deal.The seller of this item should be really ashamed of themselves .
 This stuff is nasty . The product in the bottle is fake . It is watery and does n't help reconstruct your hair at all . I 've used it before and loved it when I bought at a real salon ... Either this seller is tampering with the product or it 's super old .
 I purchased this product because after years of heat damage , my hair needed some serious help , and apparently this stuff works wonders . I ordered the largest bottle because of how great it 's supposed to be . The product I received literally looks like cottage cheese in a bottle , it 's gross . It made my hair feel dry and sticky . Pretty sure this is a scam so beware if you 're thinking of getting it off Amazon .
 I bought this product from Amazon and it was terrible . It looked old - it looked like oatmeal . It did n't do anything for my hair . I used the reconstructor instead of conditioner and it took my 30 minutes to get all the detangle my hair .
 The red color came out a weird orange red on my bangs because they are so thin , and a normal auburn on the rest of my hair . After awhile the orange faded a little but it 's still there . I wish the directions had mentioned it would color different hair different shades if you have hair that 's thinner in a certain section . Oh well , I thought - At least it says it will only last about 6 weeks . That 's why I used it . It 's now been 3 months to my absolute horror !! I have tried various things to get this awful color out of my bangs but it 's not working and it looks extra stupid with my regular color coming in . I will NEVER use this product again .
 I purchased the Helen of Troy SoftTouch Volumizing diffuser about a month ago . It claimed to fit most hairdryers , it did not fit the one I had purchased recently even though the hairdryer I have is quite small . Also , I found it was very cheaply made ; it 's thin plastic so I found it really impractical to use since when you trying to slip it onto a hairdryer , it is so thin , there is a fear that it may break . So I have n't used the diffuser for this reason .
 this product was pretty much what i was looking for . was n't crazy about the rubber tips . preferred the old style harder tips . the product was supposed to fit most hairdryers , but of course did not fit my modern hairdryer , so it is of no use for me until i can purchase one it does fit . would have helped if it had listed the hairdryer types it did fit so i did n't waste my money .
 loved the fragrance-but disappoointed that the scent did not lastpast 5 minutes even though I loaded on much more than I would normally wear . So , I returned it to the dept store from which I had purchased it and exchanged it for a new one . Same issue-the scent simply did not last and I considered myself foolish because I also had bought the lotion at no small expense .
 I really have n't been loving Lovely . It 's beautifully packaged but the smell ! I actually did n't even do a smell test because I thought that SJP would not put a foot wrong . Well , I was wrong . It is quite old-fashioned - like the scent that old women wear , it 's musty as well . The bottle is really pretty but it just is too old-style for me . I 'm going to use it now that I bought it but sometimes I get embarrassed and feel like saying - `` no I do not smell musty it 's this perfume I 'm determined to use up ! '' . Needless to say I 've never received any compliments on the scent . I 'm giving it two stars for the bottle design .
 I love the smell of this perfume . However , it does n't stay on . I have been wearing perfume for 18 years now and have used several different kinds without a problem . I was sold by SJP on this perfume when she appeared on Oprah . Loved it when I went to the counter at the mall to check it out . I have been using it for about 2 months now and it just does n't last . About an hour after I put it on I -LRB- or my husband -RRB- ca n't smell it anymore . Trust me , I learned to apply it liberally and it still does n't stay . Totally disappointed .
 I admit I 'm not a big perfume person . I usually like more fruity scents , but I was trying to find something more romantic for Valentine 's Day . I bought this because it smelled nice on the tester strip . It was my mistake to not try it out on my wrist . Now that I have it , I think there 's a strong soap-like smell , over-powering a musky floral scent .
 Well , I am not sure what all the hype was about . First of all , I LOVE Sarah Jessica Parker and Sex and the City , so I was excited to hear of her perfume . Just by her personality I thought I would like it , and then I saw it on Oprah and could n't wait to smell it . I finally made it to Macy 's , and I must say I was disappointed . I thought it would smell maybe a little more citrus like , and a little less musk like . I put a little on and my roommate said it smelled a little like a man . I do n't hate it , but I would n't buy it without smelling it and making sure it is for you first !
 As some people before me said already , this scent is n't THAT lovely . I am a SJP-fan , and I was almost certain I would love the new perfume of this stylish lady.It is n't released yet in Holland , but I found a sample in Germany where it is already released . I was disappointed . The smell is n't bad , but it 's is n't something I would like to smell like . It is n't lovely at all . It is too sporty . I expected something more flowery . The scent reminded me most of deodorant -LRB- cheap brands -RRB- or toilet-refreshener . So , although I am a SJP-fan , I would n't like to smell like her . A pity.My favourite perfumes are -LRB- as a comparison -RRB-
 This was a huge disappointment . I needed something that would last beyond 20 minutes , and this not only did n't last 5 minutes , but I did n't like the aroma and my husband could n't smell it at ALL . I doused myself with it and got right in his face ... NOTHING!I even tried layering another perfume on top of it , but it seemed to kill that perfume , too.I have tried this in stores and liked it , so I 'm pretty sure the bottle I got was beyond it 's shelf life . Unfortunately , I had destroyed all the packaging in the labor to get it open , or I 'd have returned it immediately . Lessons learned . Try to open it gently -LRB- impossible -RRB- , and KEEP everything . If you do n't get a good bottle , put everything in a box and ship it back IMMEDIATELY.I think this is my first negative review .
 The parfum is an older ladies ' scent . It is nice but not young or fresh . The price at Amazon.com is almost half so I did n't blow too much $ $ $ . KIM
 I had sampled this perfume in a Macy 's store and it was lovely , but the price expensive . I saw it on Amazon and ordered it . It was n't the same fragrance . Other than that I am happy with the items I order from amazon
 I work at a dept store and I saw this perfume I decided to give it a smell it smells to strong and like it was made in the 80 's not like the new fresh scents of today . Not the worst I give that award to Tabu the worst smelling perfume ever but definantly something I would n't want .
 Love SJP but was disappointed in her Parfum . Very common and one dimmensional ; lacks sophistication and complexity . Did n't find it subtle and could n't wait to shower it off . That 's just one girl 's opinion ; I 'm sure there are others who might feel differently ...
 At first , I was between getting the $ 83 Narciso Rodriguez 's for her or the $ 38 SJP 's Lovely . Finally , I deciding to purchase Lovely , untried , based on a majority of rave reviews of how wearable and `` lovely '' this perfume is . I had high hopes . I even tried to give it the benefit of the doubt after reading a minority of bad reviews . I got the perfume in the mail earlier today . I really wanted to like it . I sprayed it near my wrist . The initial spray was unpleasant and sharp to the nose . Still , I reserved my judgment until the perfume had a chance to dry down and settle . After the dry down , the sharpness faded into something slightly more powdery , but still I hated the scent on me . Perhaps it did n't mix well with my body chemistry , but the scent did remind me , like it had so many other reviewers , of the dated , old lady smell . Not the classy old lady either . As some time passed as I checked the skin where I applied the perfume periodically in hopes that it will develop into something `` lovely '' , I realized that this perfume started to give me a headache . It never did become something pleasant . This is not something I want to wear to represent me.What irritated me further was when I found out the fragrances are considered hazardous material and are not returnable . I 'm stuck with a perfume I hate . Wasted $ 38 . Would n't even try to give this to a friend . What a disappointment ! I 'm sorry to have to say I agree with those who declared this was not lovely at all . Even now , I 'm smelling my wrist as I write this review with the tiniest hope that it turns out it is n't a headache-inducing old lady mothball perfume.I shake my head in regret in not heeding the warnings of other reviewers .
 I got soap in a bottle of what is supposted to be Lovely by Sarah Jessica ParkerThis is a rip off . An item that is not returnable be aware
 When I got the spray -LRB- Jessica Parker 's `` Lovely '' perfume spray , Lovely Sarah Jessica Parker for Women 3.4 Eau De Parfume SprayI noticed it was a different color than one I had , e.g. slightly orange like and not the pink tinge of the original one . In smelling I noticed that the one recently ordered had a definite alcohol smell , whereas the original I had did not . What a shame . I am sure this was to cut costs and hoping customers woulod not notice . Well I did and will not buy again ... what a shame because it HAS BEEN my favorite . I do wonder if the difference is because I bought on line and not directly in a store . In the meantime , Buyers Beware . Jonina Weeks
 I love the smell of this perfume . However , it does n't last . I have been wearing perfume for 18 years now and have used several different kinds without a problem . I was sold by SJP on this perfume when she appeared on Oprah . Loved it when I went to the counter at the mall to check it out . I have been using it for about 2 months now and it just does n't last . About and hour after I put it on , I -LRB- or my husband -RRB- ca n't smell it anymore . Trust me , I learned to apply it liberally and it still does n't stay . Totally disappointed .
 Look I can not complain that the scent is different . I really had preferred the scent to most others I have . That is why I ordered it again . I even have had sarah jessica parkers other scent dawn . BUT this time this perfume 's scent does not last . It may last 15 minutes tops . I do not know if it is the manufacturer nor do I have time to figure it out . I just will not order this product again .
 I bought this item due to the rave reviews ... . Well it does n't smell so lovely - I literally hated the smell - grrrrr - it smells like an old woman 's perfume : - -LRB-
 Was hoping this would live up to the hype . Read a lot of women say , `` imagine Sarah in sex in the city and this is exactly how she 'd smell '' -- no way . I 'd really like to sell the $ 40 bottle I got . The smell is awful , old lady scent -- no offense . I 'm particular about stuff I like especially scents and this is one of the worst smells I 've collected .
 If you like Musky smells , you 'll like this . I Hate it but that 's me.Gave it to my Mom she loved it . If you like floral / powder / fruity smells you wont like this .
 Lovely has such strong flowery and citrusy notes . It 's the type of fragrance that gives you an instant headache . I did n't like it at all.It 's far too strong -LRB- Hit you over the head strong !! -RRB- . It arrived at my place of work , and my co - workers were also turned off by it.I love trying new fragrances but this one was a major flop .
 I am not too pleased with this purchase . After all the great reviews , I was expecting more . But may be ok for the price
 I truly enjoy this parfum , I have purchased this item many times through Amazon.com until now the product has always been what I have ordered until this current order . The seller `` Pretty Princess '' DID NOT SEND what I ordered , they subsistuted my order without informing me of the change , they are unavailable for emails and never responded to my repeated requests for a review of my order so I could receive what I ordered . Amazon issued a credit to me and I am very happy with this . This is an outstanding product and will be ordering it again but not from this seller .
 I have used Lovely for a few years and loved it . This purchase is awful , there is no snell . The packaging and bottle look the same but contents not the same . Its like a knock off of the real thing .
 I do not like this fragrance . Smells cheap and to me its not good ! Test at a store before buying ! It may smell good on some people I guess .
 Not subtle at all - very overpowering . This scent gave me a headache and was so strong that I had to shower again just to get the scent off of my wrist .
 When I first received my fragrance I was very happy , after two weeks everything changed . Several squirts were not lasting even two hours . I contacted the company that supplied it with this discrepancy . At first they were not very receptive to doing anything because 14 days had passed . After a lengthly conversation with a higher up they agreed I could return it for testing and they would issue a new one to me . This was my first experience purchasing fragrance online and I 'm not sure I 'll do it again . It cost me another $ 6.15 to ship it back and it 'll probably be another two weeks before I get it .
 After hearing Oprah 's rave reviews of this perfume , and seeing that it was one of her Favorite Things for 2005 , I thought for sure I 'd love it . I ran right out to the nearest department store for a sample of it ! I just had to see for myself ... Well , I was NOT impressed . The scent is so strong and overwhelming that it actually seemed to `` catch '' in my throat . I accidentally got some on my hand and after four hand washings I could still smell it . I guess , for those of you who like this perfume , that 's probably a good thing.Anyway , I think this perfume is too `` old lady '' for my taste . It reminded me of J. Lo 's Glow . Which I also have and do n't like.For comparisons sake , perfumes I do like are Britney Spears ' Curious , Clinique Happy , Escada Island Kiss and Lucky You .
 Such a disappointment . I love you SJP but , to me , your Lovely perfume smells like nail polish remover . In fact , I met up with a group of friends and immediately recognized the nauseating smell of this fragrance on a friend 's girlfriend . After hanging out for a bit one of my guy friends yelled , `` Why does it smell like paint thinner in here ? '' I was really embarrassed for the girl wearing it . Hopefully she remained clueless since all noses are different .
 I expected this perfume to smell light , airy , and for some reason I had imagined some sort of citrus bent to it . Not so ... it 's appalling . Another reviewer said it reminded her of old lady perfume , and it really does . It smells like rosewater mixed with hairspray . I wish I could get my money back and let SJP just how awful her product is . She 's all over the place shilling this junk , she should be ashamed .
 I mistakenly ordered the wrong item for my wife 's Christmas gift and wanted to return it . Amazon wo n't let me return it because it is considered flammable . So when ordering be sure your item is not classified as hazardous -LRB- perfume ? -RRB- or you will not be able to return it . There was no mention of this when ordering ... so buyer beware !
 I bought this fragrance for my sister for her B-day and when I finally gave it to her it smelled just like old mothballs that you find in the back of the closet with a floral scent . So it went back to the store and I got a full refund . Do n't buy this product you will be wasting your time and money .
 OPRAH LIED TO ME AND SAID ON TV THAT THIS IS THE BEST . I FELL FOR IT AND I BROUGHT IT AND THE SMELLS STINK . IT DONT LAST ALL DAY SO NEVER AGAIN WILL I BUY IT . THE WORST PERFUME EVER .
 I went to the department store to test this fragrance out . I was so excited to try and thought for sure I would just love it , especially after seeing SJP on Oprah talking about the fragrance.It smelled to me alot like old lady perfume . It was gagging . And the `` clean '' smell was alot like the smell of Sure Deoderant . I wo n't be buying this fragrance at all . It was a real dissapointment !
 I had high hopes of liking this perfume , especially since Oprah raved about it and it is represented by SJP . If you like a strong flowery smell -LRB- old lady -RRB- then you 'll love this . Definitely not for me .
 You know Like may others I got this because of everyone saying how much they loved it . And I was looking for a more grown up smell . Sadly I HATED IT ! it smells to peppery when you first spray it for one . And its really reminds me of old women or a bingo hall . Even when it dries down I still think it smells gross . I own the new SJP NYC perfume and love that one . I think this one was made popular because of Orpah -LRB- shame on you . . lol -RRB- Now Im stuck with a smell I wont be able to wear til im 70 .
 Ok . . I bought into all the hype about this fragrance before it even hit the shelves . I bought it sight and smell unseen . Mistake . I love S&TC , love SJP , but DO N'T love this musky scent . My former boss even told me to never wear it to work again , as it made her nauseous !
 This scent is not even close to what I thought I was purchasing . Apparently it smells very different depending on what environment you are in . At home , this scent is overpowering and gives me a headache . I do n't even want to think of wearing it again . To make matters worse , Amazon will let not let you return it ! Try it out at many locations before purchasing from Amazon .
 if i gotten to read these 1 star reviews i might end up of not ordering this perfume . dissappointed !!! doesnt even last for a minute and the smell disgusting !!! the shipment so slowwwwww !!!
 I bought this from Amazon about a week ago ! I 'm sure this came from a merchant through Amazon ! Well I purchased this based on previous reviews by others . Well , when I sprayed this on , it reminded of a floor cleaner ? It was very strong , loud , with a dry down of rose ?? Eeeewwww ! I had a hard time washing it off . Never again will I buy a fragrance from here !! Buyer beware ! In the trash can it went !
 I have used Lovely for several bottles . This is the first one that the perfume does not stay on . There are not many reasons why the perfume does not stay .
 My wife asked me to buy her this perfume because she used it before and liked it very much . This imitation we bought on Amazone did not even come close . She was very dissapointed , $ 37.50 wasted !
 I could n't wait to buy this perfume after smelling a sample on a magazine strip . Not sure what they put on the strip , but it 's not what I got in the bottle . My main complaints are
 I bought this product because of all the good reviews . This was not the fragrance I expected . I did not think this was lovely .
 When I want to really scrape down , I do n't need something like this . Compared to other products , I had to scrape twice as much to get the same clean feeling . Then , after using it , I became very suspicious as to how I was going to get this thing clean . After several rinsing attempts , the thing still feels weird , and I do not think you can totally clean this thing after use . Tried it a second time with even worse results . I eventually tossed the thing in the trash as a bacteria farm.You are better off buying the gloves on sale here at Amazon . They do the job AND you know you can get them clean after you use them .
 I used Rene Furterer Okara Protective Radiance Mask faithfully for several years . Their new version of this is just awful . I ca n't even use it anymore . The build-up is terrible . Even after rinsing for several minutes or just using very little of the product , my hair is still weighted down by this new version . So sad I have to find a new product to use ...
 It flaked a little . And I did n't like the scent which was slightly masculine . Plus it did n't do anything .
 I have naturally curly hair and I need something that will eliminate frizz when i straighten my hair and I thought that this product would help but it does n't . I get a better `` straight '' from regular gel . I would n't recommend this product for someone who has hard to tame/manage hair .
 At first I thought the product was great , it did smooth and shine . But after a couple of days I noticed my hair was getting more and more build up and looked greasy and dull . After shampooing it for a week now , two times a shower the stuff is still there . HORRIBLE ! Never again . I am going to go buy a clarifying shampoo to see if that gets it out .
 After 39 years of struggling with natural curly hair , I have learned one important thing . . if you want to straighten your hair it has to be healthy . I have tried every product on the market , and was sucked in by the promise of silky , shiny hair with Chi products . I put it in my hair and started to blow it dry , then the ends knotted up . My hair felt like it had glue in it ! It was horrible . I immediately ran to wash it out . Trust me , this stuff is like liquid aqua net and ca n't be healthy for your hair . Use Morrocan oil and be done with it !
 I 'm not impressed with this smoothing cream . I ca n't see any difference at all when I use this . I wo n't be buying it again .
 Hey guys I read your reviews and got the product because some of you guys say it did wonders and smelled good that you would even buy it as a perfume ... But when I got it I noticed that it smelled like something a guy would wear . For me I do n't like smelling like one so I rated it very low but i put 2 stars because my hair did feel a little smoother then usually but not much -LRB- I put a lot on , 2 big squirts and I only got medium length hair ... so maybe the people who said it works probably uses a lot or mixes with other products -RRB- I 'm definitely changing to another one that has a better smell . Any recommendations please let me know ^ ^ .
 I bought this for 12 yr old daughter , she has mixed curly hair . This stuff is not worth the money , maybe I should have gotten the Silk Infusion . I will NEVER buy this stuff again , it does NOTHING to smooth out her hair .
 I bought this hearing it was from a great brand , but after i would apply it after shampooing and conditioning , i 'd see it would n't really moisturize my hair or do anything particularly special to it , even after i would flat iron it . It made my hair feel unusually dry after i would let my hair air dry , which I ca n't have since i relax my hair , and it certainly did n't maintain my hair straight . The biggest upside honestly is that it smells wonderful and holds well in damp hair for a little while.In the end i do n't know if you had to have just gotten your hair done or something for it to take effect but it did n't do much for my long , relaxed hair . Perhaps some of their other products are good , but i do n't recommend this straight guard as a first choice at all .
 I usually like Neutrogena products , but this one irritates my eyes for some reason . I prefer Oil of Olay for sensitive skin with spf 15 .
 I tried this product as one of the many on my quest to find an SPF product that does n't leave my face feeling like an oil slick , and needless to say I was disappointed . Same old story here - the formulation is too emollient and especially uncomfortable in warm weather . Would I use it in a pinch ? Yes , but only if it came down to this or a tub of Vaseline . A facial sunscreen for someone with oily/combination skin should probably contain Avobenzone as the main ingredient.In short , this is more suitable for normal/dry skin types .
 I smelled Paloma Picasso on someone else and it was wonderful , so I ordered it for myself . It does n't smell so good on me . I should have tried it out before I actually bought it .
 This is not the `` real thing '' . I have been using Paloma Picasso Eau De Parfum for at least 15 years so I know what the `` real thing '' smells like and so does my husband . Either this is a fake or it is so old that the fragrance has changed.Whichever it is , I feel as though I have been cheated . Unfortunately I can not return it because it has been opened and tried.However , I would like to caution others not to trust this vendor based on my experience.I give this a ZERO STAR rating , no matter what the review publishes because I noticed there are 2 stars and I can not change that now .
 I ordered and paid for 2 bottles of 3.4 oz . Paloma Picasso perfume . I was sent two bottles of 1.7 oz . by the website . When I complained both toAmazon and to ANTOnline , I was told to return the 1.7 oz because ANTOnlie had made an `` Advertising '' mistake . I said that when I buy something in any store that is marked a certain price then the store is RESPONSIBLE and legally contracted to provide what was advertised and for the price I remove it from the shelf . I was refunded my money of $ 102.99 but I believe that I wasted a lot of time ordering and should have been given what I purchased . ANTOnline should be penalized for its `` false advertising . '' I will never purchase from ANTOline and will advise others NOT TO PURCHASE FROM ANTOnline .
 I ordered two -LRB- 2 -RRB- 3.4 Oz . Paloma Picasso but the wrong size 1.7 Oz . was shipped and received . I contacted your company but they said they could not ship the correct size until I return the wrong order that was shipped . I asked your company to just ship me the correct order in the meantime , that it was your mistake not mine and that you had my money . They said they could not and I would have to wait on a refund -LRB- that would take about 6-weeks -RRB- I really got upset and told them that it did not take them but 11/2 days to take it out of my account and that it better not take them 6 weeks to get it back into my account . Had to return the wrong products shipped and received my refund promptly after your company received their products back . I had told them to just ship me the correct product order and they said they could not that I would have to get the refund.Ordered from ebay !
 This fragrance was bought for me from Amazon as a gift . It 's a counterfeit . I 've used this for yrs . But usually buy it from Dillards . When we got this thru Amazon it smelled old & stuffy . In fact we 've bought other fragrance thru Amazon & they were counterfeit also.Be advised that name brand fine fragrance should be bought from fine department where it 's in secure wrapping .
 please send me the perfume paloma picasso , you are terriblePaloma Picasso By Paloma Picasso For Women , Eau De Parfum Spray -LRB- 3.4 Ounces -RRB-
 I was looking for a product that would reduce the dark circles under my eyes when a makeup woman at Target suggested I try this product . She told me that it would `` thicken '' the skin around my eyes , and that it would take about two weeks to work . I was skeptical at first , but my mom bought it for me anyways . When I got home , I noticed that it was n't actually a skin-thickener , but more of a wrinkle-reducer . Still , the woman claimed to have used this very serum , and it had worked wonders on her ! I used this product around my eyes every night before I went to bed in place of my previous lotion . Right away , I noticed that my eyes were actually getting worse ! My dark circles started looking red and irritated , and my skin was still slick from the serum the next morning . This product just is n't for me . I recently went back to usingAveeno Positively Radiant Skin Daily Moisturizer , SPF 15 , 4 Ounce Bottleon my whole face , and my dark circles have gone back to their ugly purple-y selves . Even though I was using this product for the wrong reasons , the side effects were enough to scare me away for good . Proceed with caution .
 I used this product for about 3 months -LRB- the amount of time one bottle lasted for me -RRB- , morning and night immediately after I washed my face and never once did I see any improvement , long-term or short-term . I 'm a female in my mid-20s seeking a preventative-care product for the looming fine lines around my eyes and mouth . I was n't searching for any miracles , but at the very least expected a product that would temporarily fill in any creases . This product did absolutely nothing for me ; I might as well have been using a regular moisturizer .
 I ordered 6 and at least half of them was old . Meaning that the procuct had gone bad and become as hard as a rock .
 I found this product to be very clumpy and gloopy and smudge . I ca n't understand why this mascara would smudge without being rubbed or getting wet but it does . I also have to wipe off the brush of all the excess before I can use it . Good price but I would be willing to pay more for a better product . Compared side by side with my Clinique mascara , this product does n't perform nearly as well .
 Goes on well , and looks good for a while , but the good stops there . It flakes off and causes me eye irritation . It does n't wash off well with soap and water either , I almost always have to use eye makeup remover . I bought it because there were some good reviews , and I like brown mascara instead of black , but I would not buy this again .
 This gel looked really shiny and pretty upon application . My daughter had a few dry flakes where gel had been applied . I do n't use a lot of gel on her natural curly hair , but sparingly with water , shea butter , curly cream.And when she went swimming , OMG . It looked white and gooey where the water hit the gel . I could really see the product build up.I let the gel air dry without a lid , it turned into a white sticky goo . It no longer looked like Clear Ice.A good wash with Infusium 23 took the goo out . Will definitely not use again . It 's a wrap .
 This is NOT lotion . it 's edible MSM liquid ... not at all the same :-LRB- too much trouble to send it back so we tried it ... NASTY does n't begin to cover this !
 In general , I 've done very well with sulfur products in fighting my long-standing cystic acne . However , I found this MSM cream grainy , unpleasant and it had no affect either on dryness or my acne . Also , It 's not suitable to wear under make-up . I understand it 's worked for some people , but it did n't work for me .
 I bought this because I was doing the HCG diet . I did not like the smell of it . I later found that I could use Burt 's Bees products and those are really nice .
 It is not a very good product . Only bought it because it was cheap , but it is very much useless .
 The product had a different scent than the traditional 5th Avenue . I am not satisfied with this product at all .
 ordered the 5th Avenue 4.2 oz EDP Spray instead of what the picture shows I got the tester bottle instead ; no fancy cap and has printed on it `` TESTER '' . So for Christmas I had to say `` I 'm sorry honey I bought you the wrong 5th Avenue and I 'm sorry for trying to be CHEAP '' ! Merry Christmas !
 I did not have any problems with the order or with getting the product in a timely manner . However , after giving it to my brother for Christmas her reported that although it was the right packaging and name the sent was definitely different . I reported this to the company and did not receive a reply .
 I have noticable undereye cirlces and bought this product in the hopes it you lighten them a bit . I use this product in the mornings and evenings for several weeks . Nothing changed . I figured maybe it would take more then a few weeks to notice anything so I continued to use this product -LRB- use the entire jar , just to give it plenty of time -RRB- , still not difference could be seen . For me it was a waste of money .
 I was not happy at all with this product . I have dark circles under both eyes which have only appeared over the last couple of years . -LRB- I am 39 -RRB- ... I had been hoping for a great product to lighten them a bit and this did nothing and cost a fortune . I would not recommend this product at all .
 I have been using this product for over a year now and it works wonders for my dark circles . Although , I recently purchased it from this seller because I thought I was saving money by doing so . Well , to my surprise I actually wasted money . I have compared this to my Peter Thomas Roth Power K eye treatment bought from a legitimate store and it is noticeably different in the packaging and also the product inside is grey compared to my other one which is almost translucent white . It does not have the same effect as the product bought in store so buyers beware !!! Go to SkinStore.com they almost always have a 20 % discount off the regular price of $ 100 this is your best bet if you are looking for a good deal !
 I am half way thru this eye cream and have n't noticed any difference . My cream was grey as well - as the previous reviewer stated maybe it is n't a legitimate product because this did absolutely nothing for my eyes !
 I usually love peter thomas roth products , but this one was a definite let down . This product tickled my interest because it contains Kojic acid , which is supposed to target discoloration , and vitamin k , which should target bruising and hence should minimize bluish dark circles . However , after using a whole jar I saw no difference . I would n't recommend .
 Product did not work for me and seller did not allow me to return it . Considering the amount I paid for this eye cream -LRB- $ 56 -RRB- , I am not happy .
 i love PTR products , but this cream stings my eyes , and I can not apply concealer over it . Try PTR unwrikle eye instead .
 this is an overpriced cream that claims , among its other so-called virtues , to reduce dark circles . the only thing it does is reduce your beauty budget . it may as well be a bag of magic beans that when sown will grow into a beanstalk . the merchant chloe belle leaves much to be desired , too ! stay away from both !
 I 'm not sure how well this product works after just using it a time or two I could n't get over the terrible smell .
 Does n't add much moisture to the hair and does n't even detangle that well . Save your money ... you 're better off buying `` No More Tangles . ''
 bulb arrived broke . Called recieved $ 10 credit promptly but probably spent $ 5 on gas . BURN ! Assembly is awkward.The workmanship is average at best , ie Chinese crap . Probably should have sent it back . Found better lamp at Fred Meyer in Medford for $ 36 . Ended throwing it out .
 Bottle unsealed , box opened . Not Byzance but odd odor , as tho some thing added . Returned to sender for refund .
 Do not buy this product , smells like cooking oil , nothing like almonds !! I am pregnant , and when I opened the bottle I wanted to throw up . Maybe the kept the bottle for too long and lost the almond scent .
 I bought this to mix with unscented lotion so I could make my own luxurious almond-smelling lotion for cheaper than buying the Jafra royal almond stuff which smells woooooooonderful but is so pricy . When you order sweet almond oil , you assume it will smell like almonds but this smells like cooking oil . Lo and behold , on the bottle it says it has been put through a deodorizing process . How stupid ! Who would deodorize something that smells so good , then not tell their customers , um , by the way , this has no smell in case you were expecting , um , a sweet almond oil to have an almond smell!Waste of $ $ $ but not worth returning .
 This perfume has lost its sent all the way . All you can smell is alcohol . DO N'T waste your money on it . It has lost its shelf life and the seller should include that info with the product !! Awful smell ... cant say it enough !!!
 Well , I ordered and they never arrived . I contacted the seller and they said it was listed as having been delivered USPS and I should ask my postal carrier . I did . He said he had no record of it . I still have no bobby pins . Not sure what happened , I 've never had mail lost before . Maybe this is n't typical for this product , but it 's what happened to me .
 The light on this thing is so dim I cant believe they have the nerve to make it this way . Its ridiculous . You would think a name like Revlon would have some standards . I guess they just slapped their name on it without even bothering to try it out . I think it looks cool as far as wall mirrors go - but its too heavy to buy just for looks . Id rather have a light weight mirror without a light to hang on the wall than a heavy one with a light thats no good .
 I was disappointed with this product and plan on returning it . The light on the mirror was weaker than the bathroom lighting . You get what you paid for .
 The mirror is quite adequate as far as the style , installation , and ease of use are concerned . However , the light output is quite bad . As my wife and I get older , more light is needed to see things clearly . In my opinion , it fails as a `` lighted '' mirror .
 I not only have an original bottle , I still have the miniature bottle that came with it that is half full . What I purchased is a total FAKE . The writing on the new bottle is not the same as the old one -LRB- the real one -RRB- and they do n't even compare in fragrance . This is not even close to the original , so do n't waste your money . Amazon should be ashamed for selling counterfeit goods .
 I just received my shipment of ZINO Davidoff with great anticipation of my favorite Fragrance , what a let down when I opened it and used it for the first time . Nothing like the original that I was accustomed to . It was n't even close ! Would not recommend this if you have had the original . I really do n't think that they are making the original , just got my hopes up .
 I do n't know whether it 's genuine or counterfeit , so I ca n't add anything regarding the controversy among the other commenters . However , I can tell you that whatever this stuff is , it does n't smell good or masculine at all . It actually smells very effeminate , in fact . What you 're probably looking for is something more along the lines of Tuscany Per Uomo by Aramis -LRB- though this is sadly also out of production -RRB- -- something with notes of woods and leather . You do n't want this terrible stuff ; trust me .
 Bought this Cologne blindly it honestly smells like an old man . Way to strong . Pungent and spicy would not recommend for young men
 This is a gift for my dad , first off the shipping was supposed to be prime I ordered it on the 9th and it says it will be here on the 16th . So far I am not happy with this purchase at all his birthday is on the 15th and I will be giving him his gift late
 I purchased this item at a discounted price and should have known better - it was a knock off - not the real thing . Now I get to return it and reorder the real thing . - You get what you pay for .
 Davidoff no longer makes Zino cologne . CVS Pharmacy was sued for selling counterfeit Cool Water because it 's still being manufactured . This is skunk water compared to the original stuff .
 This stuff stinks , and seems to `` melt '' in the soap tray quicker than other soaps . yuk .
 At first when I started to use it , it left my hair so soft and straight then after a while it started to leave my hair puffy and so soft but do n't like to waste money so I 'm going to finish the bottle and I 'm moving on
 I have 4 a natural hair . I have tried it as a moisturizer on wet hair
 Bad knock off ! Misleading advertising - suggests that this is by Giorgio , but read the wordage very carefully `` was launched by the house of Giorgio '' . No where on the bottle or packaging does it say Giorgio Beverly Hills , although it says so on my receipt . In place of the Giorgio Beverly Hills there is a crown symbol made with seahorses . It is from Designer Parfums in the UK . Giorgio is made in the good ole United States !
 I thought I was getting a wood brush with wood thistles . While this brush has a nice wooden handle the thistles are some kind of plastic and they wrip my hair . I have n't used it again since purchasing it .
 I have owned a WIDU hairbrush for the last 14 years . I LOVE IT . My 10 year old daughter shares my brush and asked for her own . I decided to see if this brush could compete with the more expensive Widu . It most definitely does not . The bristles are hard not like the bamboo bristles the Widu is made from . The handle of the brush is comfortable and sturdy but since the bristles are rough , it makes hair brushing uncomfortable . My daughter returned to using my WIDU brush . I would n't recommend this brush over the WIDU .
 I was EXTREMELY dissapointed . This was one of my all time favorites and would drive my ex crazy . However , now it smells kinda perfumey with strong alcohol like undertones and nothing like what it once smelled like . I do n't know if the formula has changed or whatever but it smells horrible and very perfumey . Please do n't buy this - I know you want the old volupte just like me , but unfortunately we 'll just have to mourn our loss because this is not it !!!!!!!!!!!
 Buenos dias , tengo meses esperando este paquete y no ha llegado al buzon , por favor necesito que me resuelvan el caso . Muchas Gracias
 Oh my God this stuff is awful , its hard to believe anyone actually likes this stuff ! My nose and skin rebuke this anywhere near me !
 This moisturizing oil smells bad , is too greasy , and weigh my hair down . It does not complement with any of the other oil that I use.What a waste of my money : -LRB-
 I was very excited to receive this product at first . When it arrived , I opened it and the perfume AND the lotion did n't smell like it 's supposed to . . almost as if it has been sitting on a shelf for years . Very disappointed , especially since I paid $ 80 for this !
 I received the wrong item from Tuccini due to the above inaccurately listed description and photo -LRB- item still has not been corrected or removed -RRB- . I received the blue 2007 edition instead of the green 2006 edition . Since they do n't actually carry the item shown , they processed my return and refund within two business weeks without additional cost to me , but unfortunately it was too late for my need .
 Loved the product ! Was disappointed that the sender did not package it right and it showed up in a broken jar .
 I 've used this product twice , just to make sure the first time was n't a fluke . I 've used many bentonite-based clay mask before and never had a problem , but this made me ill . My skin burned , and the second time I got a bad headache in my sinuses that lasted 24 hours . And yes , I washed it off within the 5 minutes recommended . Looking at the ingredients , I do n't see anything obvious that I would be allergic to , but maybe it 's just the `` fragrance '' , whatever it is . And , no , I 'm not seriously chemically sensitive , not that I 've noticed . But this product makes me ill , and I wo n't be using again . I just wish I did n't have a mostly full tub of it sitting in my bathroom .
 Every time I brought the mud -LRB- the larger size -RRB- elsewhere it would include sponge as a gift , but I didnot recieve it here . The mud is good though .
 I bought it from Costco . It was a good price . But I do n't know what it suppose to do for your skin.My skin feel the same after use and it itches during usage . Anyone else ?
 dunno why but my feels itch everytime I use this product . just purchased from costco to give it a try but . . eh . . I do n't think this product is helping at all .
 I ahve used the Minnie perfume before and really liked it but these hardly have any scent at all ! Would not recommend wasting money on this product
 I received this for Christmas and at first it was great except that I would accidentally turn it off everytime I was drying my hair because of the placement of the on/off switch.Last week , it started smelling like something was burning and I cleaned the filter . Today the motor would hardly turn on and it was trashed.It is also heavy and my arms/hands would tire before my hair was dry .
 I had the same experience as the other reviewer . Only my dryer died within 6 months . I 've had hairdryers in the past that lasted for many years . Do n't buy this badly made product ! What a waste of money . And what a black eye for the Sassoon brand name . I thought they were supposed to represent quality hair products ...
 I used this hair dryer for about 1.5 years . I started noticing a light strange smell coming from the hair dryer . I thought that the filter needed cleaning so I cleaned it out . A couple of weeks later , the hot or warm blowing options stopped working . Now it only blows cold air . What a waste of money !
 I received this hair dryer for Christmas . It worked well for three months , then it started to have a funny smell and just quit working after 3 months . It had been less then 90 days when I purchased it , so I was able to take it back and exchange it . I did this hoping that the dryer I had been given was just a bad seed . Well it has now been 4 months since I got my replacement and it quit working this morning . I am very dissappointed . This is not a quality product and do not recommend wasting your money .
 This dryer just has too many flaws .1 . It 's heavy - with the attachments on , you have to hold the dryer further away from your head , and it 's very difficult to dry your hair without resting your arms . I am not a small or weak person , either . It 's one of the heaviest hair dryers I 've ever owned .2 . All of the controls -LRB- Hot/Warm and High/Off/Low -RRB- are on the back of the handle , where your palm rests as you dry your hair . As I blow dry my hair , I 'm constantly switching the levers accidentally , just from the movement of my hand.Additionally , there is an `` Ion Select '' dial on the back of the handle . You are supposed to dial it to Low , Med , or High depending on the courseness or fineness of your hair . This also NEVER stays on what you dial it to , because it moves as you hold the dryer .3 . There is a turbo boost button on the front of the handle that is very difficult to move into the on position . You ca n't do it while drying your hair . I find I have to pull the dryer away from my head , and use both thumbs to push it into the `` on '' position . Same for turning it back off .4 . There is a `` Cool '' setting . This is my biggest irritation - IT 'S NOT A SETTING . It 's a button that you push and HOLD ! It 's not an on/off button . You only get cool air if you continuously hold the button . And it 's very hard to do . The button is on the front of the handle , so it 's awkward to use your thumb , but it 's even more awkward to use your index finger . You have to twist your wrist to the extreme regardless of which finger you use . Keep in mind , you 'll have to keep your hand and fingers in this position for as long as you want cool air.This type of cool setting also makes the hairdryer useless for blowing up air mattresses or pool toys , too .5 . This is the weirdest thing
 I 've had this dryer for a little over six months - over time it has lost it 's power and has become increasingly less effective . In the future , I plan to spend a little more to get a better product ...
 Was hopeful as most people with psoriasis are , but after a few weeks , I have still not seen any difference . Ive tried so many OTC products and prescription products , but most are at best transiently helpful ... maybe a biologic is in order , but at $ 1000 + + a month ... I guess Ill keep applying away !
 WASNT PRIME AS POSTED , I WANT A DISCOUNT FOR HAVING TO WAIT . IT WAS A BIRTHDAY PRESENT FOR MY MOM !!!!!!!!!!
 Absolutely not my type of fragrance . i was absolutely fooled by the other reviews . If frustratingly sweet is your fragrance then go right ahead and make the purchase . The odor of this perfume leaves me gasping for air . Look it 's quite above par for its price and Jlo did n't just put her name on it ... she probably had input in the fragrance oils . But live is just too much for my senses ... i would give it to my mom since she likes it so much ... But i do n't want to ever smell this again ... so she wo n't be keeping it either . I 'll have to find a stranger ... cause the return policy on Amazon for fragrances seems to be more than i need . i should of spend my cash and order something better .
 This has a very sharp fruit scent like grapefruit to it . I do n't care for it although at first I liked it but now I hate it ! The dry down is what irks me , way too tangy . I loooooovvvvve the Live perfume but then something was tweeked to make this awful stuff ! I put my small bottle away and it will stay there in the closet forvever !
 This perfume smells AWFUL . Period . There is no way to even sugarcoat it ; it 's discusting . Purchased it online without knowing what it smelled like . Do not waste your money on this product . It does n't smell floral or fresh , just gross .
 like two weeks to deliver and they send me a `` NAUTICA '' instead of what i order ... never got responce from seller . . dont waste your time and money here !
 Cheap cologne smell - that is what it is . Ca n't imagine going out with such aura on me . I would feel a shame of a bad taste.It is really bad . I thought I washed it all out with water - but I still feel it . Oh , my . .
 This smells like the fart from a hairspray factory . Five stars if you work on the street corner that said factory has farted upon .
 This perfumes doesnt smells anything ... i am so disappointed with this one . I had thoght its good brand to wear ... :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- . . I would not recommend this to anyone ... I am sorry .
 I have smelled this in the department store and it did n't smell like the one Amazon sent me . I know my fragrances , this is supposed to smell very much like Acqua Di Gio , and it smells nothing like it . I did n't wan na write a bad review but I saw a recent review that says it 's good obviously from somebody who does n't know about the true greatness of this cologne . I felt like I should leave a review because there 's may mislead people . The only good thing about Amazon is that they refunded me . Amazon has the best customer service ever , but if you 're looking for Just Me , I would n't order it here unless you want a stale , expired cologne with very short longevity .
 This is the second bottle I have ordered . Both are stale and lack little fragrence . Would never buy it again . Totally unhappy with this product .
 It took so long to get here over 2 weeks . And it 's not pink it 's black do n't know why they show a pink bottle . Mine when it got here was in a black box and black bottle .
 buenas noches , necesito hablar con ustedes , yo realice la compra del siguiente perfume y no me llego , la compre junto 3 perfumes mas que usted mismo vende , y me llegaron esos 3 y este no me llego , necesito saber el motivo , y necesito que me devuelva el dinero o que me envi&eacute; el perfume el cual le compre , yo soy de Venezuela , y envi&oacute; las compras con la empresa libertyexpress , y ellos me dicen que a su oficinas de miami solo les llegaron esos 3 perfumes necesito este perfume por favor.good night , need to talk to you , I make the purchase the next perfume and I get the next 3 perfume buy rather than sell yourself , and I got those 3 and it does not get me , I need to know the reason , and I need my money back or send me which perfume you buy , I 'm from Venezuela , and sent the company purchases libertyexpress , and they tell me that his Miami office reached them only those 3 need this perfume perfumes please .
 This towel does not absorb water ... even after washing . Was trying something new after years of using microfiber ... lesson learned !
 I was disappointed for my money . I yhought I was getting a turban but I got this thin towel and it is n't drying my hair any faster thn using a big bath towel on my head . This is less heavy though .
 The fibers of this towel do n't agree with my skin or my hair . When I use it on my hair , it is more frizzy etc. . I made my own `` towel '' out of t-shirt material , and it works a lot better than this . If you have straight hair , I think this towel would work well , but curly hair is a different story : -RRB-
 I like using a plain white men 's t-shirt much better . $ 13 for a 7 pack of t shirts instead of $ 10 for this horrible towel .
 I ordered the pink towel and I wholeheartedly agree with a previous reviewer about how bad the towel smells when you open the package . It 's truly unbearable . I even tried airing out the towel by leaving it on the couch for a day . Did n't work . I might try washing it with loads of detergent , but my boyfriend has a point when he asks if I really want to wrap my head with a towel drenched in chemicals . I might try to return it .
 I bought this because it was advertised as reducing blowdrying time . Turns out to be one of those `` if it sounds too good to be true then it probably is '' products . I have shoulder-length hair that is naturally wavy and takes about 15 minutes to blowdry straight after using a regular towel . I used the Mimi 's towel and the blowdrying time was -LRB- drumroll , please ... -RRB- 15 minutes ! So it did n't work for me . On the positive side , it is very lightweight , so I could see how it would be useful if you typically make a turban out of your towel and walk around with it on your head . In that case , it would be much lighter and more comfortable than a regular towel .
 I just received this Mimi 's Diva Dryer by Aquis Microfiber Hair Towel . I opened the container and the towel and container have a VERY strong chemical smell . It is really terrible -LRB- you can smell it from feet away ! -RRB- and nothing I would wrap around my wet hair let alone put near my mouth and nose.The manufacturer should be notified .
 these reviewers must work for the Aquis company ... i bought this at Bed Bath and Beyond and returned it right away ... not nearly as absorbent as my old Martha Stewart for Kmart cotton towel . Save your money !!!!
 Not that much more absorbent than my regular terry cloth towels . I also wish it was bigger - not great for someone with long hair . One nice feature , there 's a loop on the towel so i can hang it on a hook in the bathroom to dry after using it .
 I love the results that I get with this iron on my flat , straight , hard-to-curl hair . I can not get results like that with any other product or tool . However , the tool is faulty . In six months it started sticking together when closed . And finally it would n't open at all . This is the second Vidal Sasson prodcut that I have purchased that has been a piece of junk .
 I loved this iron , until it stopped heating , only after 1 month of use . Do n't purchase it . Invest in a quality product instead .
 This is a very expensive product that is not worth the exorbitant price . I tried it based on the glowing reviews seen below , but it cleaned no better than other , less expensive options . Only then did I realize that the reviews contained here may be scams . The histories of the Florida reviewers below show that they gave five stars to the whole Menscience product line , and little else . This is very suspicious to say the least . In my experience , this product did not lather well , did not have a pleasant scent , and only cleaned o.k. . It left no residue , but one would expect that from this clear , liquidy soap . I would not buy it again .
 the product was old and discontinued 5 yrs ago . would not recomend use . color does not come out . would not recomend
 Discovered , since product had no `` use by '' date , and after contacting Clairol , that they had not been making Ultress for 5 years ! Customarily , product had a shelf life of only 3 years and I believe for the last few years of production , they had put use by dates on the product boxes . Hence , Clairol could not recommend that I use the product . A total waste of my money ! Would give 0 stars if possible . Product should not have been sold .
 WELL HONESTLY , THIS REVIEW IS NOT BASHING THE SELLER . TRUTHFULLY I AM VERY PLEASED W / THE SELLER . IT ARRIVED VERY FAST , SO I WILL ADMIT I WAS HAPPY WITH THAT.ON THE NEGATIVE NOTE . THE HAIR COLOR THAT SHOWS UP IS NOTHING LIKE IT LOOKS ON THE BOX . ONCE AGAIN THIS IS NOT THE SELLERS FAULT . THEY DONT MAKE THE BOX OR ADVERTISE IT , CLAIROL DOES . I EXPECTED TO HAVE BURGUNDY HAIR . BUT ... WELL . . NO I GUESS IT WAS WISHFULL THINKING . IT TURNED OUT DARK BROWN W / A SMAL RED TINT THAT CAN ONLY BE SEEN IN THE SUNLIGHT . SO THERE , ITS NOT BURGUNDY . DONT WASTE MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT.ONCE AGAIN I WAS PLEASED W / THE SELLER . THIS IS NOT THIER FAULT .
 The overall product was not bad in terms of moisturizing . When applied , it left my skin feeling tacky until it dried . Definitely not a huge plus . The moisturizing aspects of it were adequate but not exceptional and no more so than a store brand or low end line . The product was fragrance free or without use of perfumes so the smell was not overly pleasant and the back of the jar said to use with another product by Zia but the other product was not supplied . Overall a mediocre moisturizer in this critic 's opinion . I would n't recommend it .
 I used Zia Natural Skincare Skin Basics Fragrance-Free Everyday Moisturizer and I wo n't use it again . It gave me an allergic reaction . My face was red and burning for several hours . Even if I liked it , I still would n't buy it at its regular price . I have n't used too many different moisturizers , but the ones that I have used never gave me an allergic reaction .
 First I 'd like to mention that this facial moisturizer claims that you should '' `` apply to face while damp with Sea Tonic water . '' '' If I 'd known that Sea Tonic water was required for recommended use with this product , I would have bought it -LRB- thank goodness I did n't ! -RRB- or I would n't have ordered this moisturizer . The overall feel of this moisturizer on my face was disgusting . The product did n't soak into my skin and it left me with a feeling of bacon grease dripping from my face . As if that is n't enough , this product does n't claim to be '' `` non-comedogenic '' '' which is probably why I broke out after using this product . How ironic , since this product claims that it 's for sensitive skin . Which I did n't have until I used this product . Still trying to be optimistic about this product , I used it as an overnight foot lotion . The results were average and unimpressive .
 This was the first time that I 've used a product like Zia Natural Skincare Skin Basics Fragrance-Free Everyday Moisturizer . I did n't like this product . When I put it on my face , I had a tingling feeling . My skin absorbed it right away . It felt like it had a reverse effect . Instead of moisturizing my skin -- it was making it dry . I do n't know how it compares to other , similar products because I 've never used one , but I wo n't use this moisturizer and would n't recommend it to anyone .
 All skin types are different . I did not have a bad reaction to this product per se ... but I did not have a good one either . I used this in conjunction with the Aloe and Citrus Wash and the Sea Tonic Aloe Toner . I used these three products twice a day for about 3 or 4 weeks . My skin was still breaking out a bit and I developed hard little bumps on my face from the products . I bought these because I love the zia oil free moisturizer and the zia deep moisture repair serum ... but I 'm finding that those are the only 2 zia products that are right for me . If you 're trying to fight acne from the outside , proactive works and Zia does not ... at least from my personal experience .
 the product was old and discontinued 5 yrs ago . would not recomend use . color does not come out . would not recomend
 Discovered , since product had no `` use by '' date , and after contacting Clairol , that they had not been making Ultress for 5 years ! Customarily , product had a shelf life of only 3 years and I believe for the last few years of production , they had put use by dates on the product boxes . Hence , Clairol could not recommend that I use the product . A total waste of my money ! Would give 0 stars if possible . Product should not have been sold .
 WELL HONESTLY , THIS REVIEW IS NOT BASHING THE SELLER . TRUTHFULLY I AM VERY PLEASED W / THE SELLER . IT ARRIVED VERY FAST , SO I WILL ADMIT I WAS HAPPY WITH THAT.ON THE NEGATIVE NOTE . THE HAIR COLOR THAT SHOWS UP IS NOTHING LIKE IT LOOKS ON THE BOX . ONCE AGAIN THIS IS NOT THE SELLERS FAULT . THEY DONT MAKE THE BOX OR ADVERTISE IT , CLAIROL DOES . I EXPECTED TO HAVE BURGUNDY HAIR . BUT ... WELL . . NO I GUESS IT WAS WISHFULL THINKING . IT TURNED OUT DARK BROWN W / A SMAL RED TINT THAT CAN ONLY BE SEEN IN THE SUNLIGHT . SO THERE , ITS NOT BURGUNDY . DONT WASTE MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT.ONCE AGAIN I WAS PLEASED W / THE SELLER . THIS IS NOT THIER FAULT .
 yes this is lilac oil , but to me it seemed like it might be old . dark golden color , like when your perfume has been sitting around for years , and the scent is a bit off . not light and breezy like you would expect lilac oil to be , a bit too strong .
 My first thought about the product was that the smell was really bad . Then I read the directions and it noted that you may feel a tingling sensation on your face , not too inviting . But my girlfriend tried it anyway , and we took '' `` before '' '' and '' `` after '' '' photos to verify the results . She says she did n't feel any tingling and I do n't think it really did anything .
 Not for the product itself , i 'm quite waitng for this product to use during my pregnant time , however when i got it , the prodect has expired the time , hardly to imagine why this could happen , so disappointed
 I ordered this product because of the great results I had from a sample packet . The order came from Nutricity and I was very disappointed with the results after using it just once . When I compared the ingredients , they had changed significantly . The papaya in the name had dropped much further down on the ingredient list meaning there was much less of it in the product . The box that the bottle came in even had a new ingredient list glued over the origianl list . I contacted Nutricity but they were unwilling to accept a return on the product . I would not recommend this product or Nutricity . Who would really look to see if ingredients had changed from a sample and that the name of the product still stayed the same ! Is n't that the reason samples were created - to sample the `` expected '' product ? I was disappointed with Nutricity 's response under such circumstances .
 This used to be a great product but not anymore . It works as well as water and water is free .
 Used the product for well over a month and it does not do as advertised . I do n't see his spots lightening up even a little bit . Very expensive product ; seen no results . Would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I have been using this product every night since April and it does not make the age spots or freckles disappear so it is not a repair formula . If anything , it just seems to keep them from getting darker . I do agree that it is expensive and will not reorder when finished with jar .
 This product is a waste of money , it does n't work . The other reviewers who claim it works are probably `` plants '' from the company . If you like flushing your hard earned money down the toilet , then by all means purchase it .
 I gave this product a try . It had good reviews and i liked the fact that it has no hydroquinone . Well , used it for a good while now and it is pretty much like me spitting on my hand and rubbing it on my face . Had NO affect at all . I regret purchasing it . Highly disappointing .
 yes this is lilac oil , but to me it seemed like it might be old . dark golden color , like when your perfume has been sitting around for years , and the scent is a bit off . not light and breezy like you would expect lilac oil to be , a bit too strong .
 I often switch between cleansing products and I now know as a fact that everytime I use this product , and I kid you not , I get a pimple - and I am not one to get pimples . I simply do not understand how a product whose sole purpose is to clean your face can possibly do this , but every single time I wash my face with it , following the directions on the back of the bottle verbatim - I get a pimple the next day.If you are one who is trying not to get pimples , I 'd advise you not to use this product . Do n't waste your money , and face , on this one .
 Received my order on 11/5/2011 , but its expiration date - as marked at the bottom of the box -- is 09/11 . Two months past the product expiration date !!!!
 Be aware that the other reviewers have only reviewed ZIA products and therefore may not be impartial.Sad .
 I used this product over the previous two winters to add color to my winter-white skin . This year I was unable to find it in the local stores and ordered it from Amazon . The formula has changed , and not for the better . First , and most problematic , then product no longer provides any color . It used to be that I could apply it 2 or 3 times and have a nice subtle glow to my skin . Unfortunately , this new formula did n't add any color at all , despite putting it on twice a day for 4 or 5 days . I am quite pale and using the medium skin tone and it made no change at all to my skin color . Secondly , the new formula has a terrible `` self-tanner '' smell . It 's nasty and quite strong . It eventually fades with time , or your nose adjusts , but it is harsh and unpleasant until that time . Thirdly , the forumla is no longer a thick creamy lotion . Instead it is thin and leaves a sticky feel on your skin . It is n't worth the trouble of returning , so it has been thrown away . It is unuseable due to the odor and texture , ineffective due to the lack of ` tan ' that it provides , and very disappointing .
 Im very pale ... and i wanted something to be more natural looking . i did my research and i decided on this one . First off , i liked how it didnt make me orange . Sadly , this crap made my skin go crazy . I have never had problematic skin . I had blemishes under my eye , forehead , and even near my eyebrows . Within 6 hours of using this ... i had blemishes . I have very clear skin . If you have sensitive skin this tanner would be a pain for you :-LRB- i wanted it to work ... it didnt . point blank . In fact , the color didnt really show up the first day , which i didnt expect it to since its a gradual tanner . I had to stop using it because of my skin . Maybe if you dont have sensitive skin , this may work for you .
 I used this product for almost a week until I could no longer bare it . The smell is terrible , even after I washed my hands it would still linger . I saw little to no change in the color of my face . And worst of all , its very thick and greasy . So if you have sensitive or oily skin do not try this ! My skin is a little sensitive and I rarely break out but this brought on many zits :-LRB- I guess you get what you pay for !
 This product made no difference in my skin color . I used it everyday for over a week , and nothing happened . The body lotion seems to do the trick , but the face lotion does n't seem to be very effective .
 Usually just buy this in store , but decided to order it online this time . Just received this is the mail ... opened it , tried to use it , and the `` lotion '' streamed out of the container like water . It does NOT resemble lotion AT ALL ! Pure liquid ! NOTHING like the exact same thing I buy in the store . Terrible ... will NEVER order lotion online again because of it . >:-LRB- VERY disappointed!Jergens Natural Glow Daily Moisturizer for Medium Skin Tone , 2.5 Ounce
 I have been using this product for years , and absolutely love it . It gives me the nice glow that I want and I really like the texture.This negative review is only because the product that the seller sent to me was obviously expired . Normally I just go to the store to purchase my beauty products , but seeing as how I am on bedrest for pregnancy complications I am currently housebound and so I thought I 'd just order it here.For starters , the bottle of lotion I received had been taped shut with packing tape . I peeled it off and managed to get the bottle open but it was covered with sticky residue . When I actually dispensed some of the lotion into my hand to apply , there was no doubt that it was past it 's prime . It was runny , smelled ... odd , and had a very oily consistency to it . After using this product daily for years , I recognized that this was not normal.I went ahead and sent my mom out to the store to get another bottle , and will have to throw this one away . The product itself is great , when it 's not expired .
 This is the much older version of this product . It is runny , smells like fake tanner , and most annoyingly does not have SPF 20 as Jergens ' current , improved product does . Every time I 've tried to use it I have to tilt the bottle at an angle because the product is very thin and runny and drips straight out of the bottle . Now I know why it was so cheap ! Lesson learned ! Shipping was fast .
 Was expired date . Ran like water and could not use . Was a wasted purchase . Very disappointed . I purchase this from local retailer all the time so I know the difference .
 I do n't like the way this body wash smells , so I do n't recommend it . Unlike most other Neutrogena soaps , it has a moderately strong floral scent , sort of sweet and musty , which lingers on your skin after a shower . If I had n't found the fragrance so unpleasant , I would 've given this product four stars . It 's thicker than Neutrogena Rainbath -- thick enough to use with or without a washcloth . It also lathers well , rinses off easily , and did n't dry out my skin like some soaps do .
 In the picture you have shown Loreal Dermo-expertise , future moisturizer the one that I wanted to buy.But I recieved loreal Plenitude future moisturizer which I didnt know even existed.I am v.disappointed .
 I actually love this product - I 've been using this cleanser since L'Oreal put it on the market . However , for a few years now , it 's been getting harder to find , even online . So , when I found that it was still available here , I bought more ... of course , knowing that it would probably be the last few I would buy . However , the I received looked yellow , not white , and had an odd smell to it . It also did n't lather the way it should or take off my make-up as well as it used to . Needless to say , I had been sampling other products knowing I 'd have to find something else ... and decided it was finally time to let this product go .
 I used the original formula with my first 2 children , this pregnancy I purchased my tummy honey as usual but all of the ingredients have been changed , and it does n't work well at all . The company was bought out by giant LEARNING CURVE who then replaced all the quality ingredients with cheaper stuff that does n't work and added a bunch of perfume instead to mimic the herbal smell . I 'm REALLY not happy with the new formula , it causes my skin to itch - most likely due to the high amount of undisclosed chemicals in the `` fragrance '' ingredient which is present in VERY large amounts of the new formula . VERY disappointed long time customer here .
 I am so disappointed with this belly butter ... it is greasy and grainy and does not absorb into the skin . I bought it because of the great reviews , but am not sure how anyone can enjoy wearing this if they actually have to put clothing on after applying it.After application , I could not get the oily film it left on my hands off with soap and water - I had to use a towel to scrub it off . After lying around without a shirt for an hour or so to hope it would absorb , I gave up and put an old shirt on before going to sleep . When I woke up , the oily residue had penetrated my shirt and left a film all over my good sheets.I ca n't imagine having to apply this mess of a belly butter in the morning before work ... not a pretty side to have it absorb through my clothing as the day passes.Even if this product did prevent stretch marks , I ca n't see how anyone could actually use it unless they were able to walk around topless all day . I wo n't wait around to find out - I 'll be looking for an alternative that 's actually usable and does n't make you feel like an oily , greasy , mess .
 I read a lot of amazing reviews of this product before I bought it . It 's made by a California company and the ingredients are almost all natural/herbal . So I thought `` great , this is the perfect product for me ! '' Unfortunately , as soon as I opened the jar , I was assaulted by the extremely strong fragrance . This is a product made almost entirely of herbs of one kind or another , so it would probably be very smelly on its own -LRB- in a nice way ! -RRB- , but Bella B thought it would be a good idea to ADD fragrance -LRB- listed in the ingredients as `` fragrance '' -- what does THAT mean ? -RRB- . It 's extremely strong-smelling , and the one day I tried it I had a headache all day from the fumes . Just awful . I am so disappointed that a product made almost entirely of natural ingredients would have such a strong unnatural fragrance added . I will never use this again . $ 20 down the drain .
 If your belly or skin gets rashes when it 's oily or overheat with clothes covered , I wouldn not recommend this product . This product , as it mentioned on the lable , would not absorb , so it stayed oily and sticky on my belly . After covered by clothes for a day or two , my belly broke out reashes all over.It smells good though .
 I 've been using Palmer 's Cocoa butter for 6 months , and never really liked the vanilla scent , so I thought about switching to Honey . Bella B sounded like a good product and had good reviews . So last night I tried it.This morning I woke up with 3 big stretch marks spanning my entire stomach . I was horrified . This stuff does n't do anything ! Then I went back to the reviews and noticed that the best reviews are basically from a long time ago , before the company was acquired , and apparently they changed the formula.Buyer Beware !
 I have tried 4 different products ; I like one of the other brand better only because it feels less greasy . However I continued to use this product because other than the greasy feel , it works wonders , smells soothing and costs 3times cheaper . The texture , smell are great , once on , I can rub it into my skin gently spread it out with ease . I found this butter to be better than other stuff costing much more . And the packaging makes it easy to use without wasting compred to products in tubes.Update 1/11/2011
 I was not very happy with this product . The butter is very thick and extremely greasy . I would only put this on at night , because I did n't mind so much if my pajamas stuck to it -LRB- it is very sticky -RRB- . I would never use it during the day under normal clothes for fear of staining . The butter is also really gritty and grainy . My tummy did not like it because as soon as I started to use the butter , my belly broke out with little bumps all over it . The only pros are that it is thick and it stays on your skin for a long time , but the cons out way the pros . I will not purchase this butter again . I ca n't say if it works at preventing stretch marks since I used it early on in my pregnancy .
 I bought this product because I could not find the Burt 's Bees Belly Butter anywhere . This product is so greasy ... did n't even want to get dresses after putting it on ! The Burt 's Bees product is soooo much better , but ca n't be found anywhere !
 I bought this as a desperate attempt to prevent further stretch marks during my second pregnancy . In addition to my stretch marks , my skin was extra dry and itchy so I was hoping this product would do the trick -LRB- as it says on the container it `` soothes itching '' -RRB- . The `` honey butter '' felt more like sand paper . The consistency was petroleum jelly like but very grainy as well . For that reason , I hated applying it onto my skin . I would have at least endured through the pain of putting it on my skin if it somewhat helped my condition but it did NOTHING for me . After a week , I ended up buying the Belli brand instead .
 To be fair , I have to say I did n't stick with this product for the long haul . Given its thick , grainy , beeswax-like consistency , I 'm not sure I could stand it . I started using this when I was 2 months pregnant and now , at 31/2 months , I 'm already completely out . A little really does n't go a long way in this case , though I did use the product sparingly.On a positive note , the smell is amazing . It 's sweet and not overpowering . However , scent alone is not enough to draw me back in for a new canister . For now , I plan on sticking to tried and true products like plain old cocoa butter which are less expensive and easily absorb into the skin , unlike Bella B 's sticky , grainy residue . As far as whether this stuff prevents stretch marks , guess I will never know ! : -RRB-
 I liked this product for the first 10 days or so . After that it was no longer smooth even though I always put it on clean skin . Now when I first put it on is is grainy . After it is absorbed it is fine but the applying process is less than desireable .
 sure did n't prevent stretch marks for me ! very oily , waste of time putting it on everyday and money for sure , sucks : -LRB-
 So I have ordered many things from amazon before and have never felt the need to leave a comment . This product however pretty much demanded it . I 'm only nine weeks pregnant and do n't have any stretch marks yet but decided that I would start early to prevent any from hopefully forming . I could n't decide which brand of belly butter to buy so I bought this product and the mama mio tummy rub butter . This product came in the mail first . I was excited about it up until I opened it up and realized it was like a big jar of vaseline . When I put it on the consistency was identical to vaseline except it was just a little bit thicker . I had a difficult time even washing it off my hands ! The rest of the day I was sticky and itchy and felt disgusting ! My shirt was suctioned to my stomach . The anti-itch formula is either a lie or the formula is mixed wrong because I could n't stop itching.Needless to say I received the mama mio tummy rub butter today in the mail and not only did it look like what I thought this product was but it rubbed on great , I did n't even need to wash my hands because it was like a nice thick lotion and it smelled great . OH ... and I do n't ITCH ! Hope this helps .
 I thought this product was great at first , it smelled great and used mostly natural ingredients compared to other creams , but upon continued use I just noticed it would make my skin really itchy and dry . Which is surprising because the container states that it is hypoallergenic and has an Anti-itch Formula . It was n't moisturizing or anti- itching at all !
 I bought this product a few months ago and have been using it atleast 2 to 3 times a day . My belly is soooo itchy that I 'm online right now looking for something else to buy . The tummy butter says anti-itch on it but my belly is itchy ! It looks like it will moisturize your skin because it goes on thick and greasy but it does n't even last a few hours . The smell and greasiness does not bother me - I just wanted it to work . I am 7.5 months along now and the itch has gotten progressively worse . I bought it because I am trying to use all natural products and was willing to spend more money . Now I see that it was not worth it since it did n't work for me .
 Smells good however , leaves u with a dry chapped feeling does not leave you with a smooth silky feeling
 I used this product from 12 weeks . At 34 weeks I started getting stretch marks . This product did not help with stretch marks . : -LRB-
 Received the product without a seal . Butter was greasy and hard to absorb , doesnt have a pleasant smell either , will not purchase again !
 In my experience is too thick and difficult to massage into the skin . Did n't mind the smell . I 'm not big enough yet to tell if works for stretch marks . Also there is not much product into the container .
 For me the scent of this tummy butter is overpowering and it made my already itchy belly even itchier . It definitely was not effective for me .
 I had great expectations from this item based on the reviews ... after I tried it I was really disappointed . This product is GREASY like hell ! After 20 minutes I still ca n't put my shirt over my belly . My skin just never absorbs it . I always have this sweaty feeling . It smells good/ok though .
 I did not buy this on amazon , but bought it going by all the rave reviews . From all the reviews , it seemed like this is the best budget friendly anti stretchmark cream . I used it quite regularly , it smells ok , but is super greasy , grainy , heavy and extremely sticky . Your skin never absorbs it , sticks to your clothing like glue . It sits on your skin like wax and just stays there right on the surface . I used this in my first pregnancy and really regretted wasting money on this useless product . In fact , I still have some left from back then and I am not using it this time around . It made my belly very very itchy while it is supposed to moisturize it and make it supple and elastic.If you are meant to get stretch marks , you will get it no matter what . In this product 's defense , i also used a whole bunch of other creams , oils and lotions -LRB- mama bee oil , palmer 's cocoa butter , bio oil , etc -RRB- but NONE of them have worked for me -LRB- although using them was a much better experience than using this product -RRB- and I have the ugliest stretch marks in the entire world . Please save your money and dont expect miracles .
 8 months in to my pregnancy I ordered this , I had been using other products -LRB- other , much less expensive products -RRB- . About 4 days after using it , I got my first stretch mark . I used it more ! After I had a whole striped pattern on my lower abdomen , I ordered my original product . I kept using the Bella B until it arrived.Since I 've been using my previous stuff , cocco butter with vitamin E -LRB- like 5 dollars for 8 ounces -RRB- , I have n't gotten any - not one more stretch mark - and do n't think my belly has n't grown in the last month . I 'm 91/2 months now and with the cocco butter , my current marks are already looking better.So , not only does it not work , but it was horrible to use . It is like a tub of car wax . It sets on the skin , does n't absorb , sticks to your clothes . My husband would n't rub it on me because he HATED how it was on his hands ! -LRB- he rubs the cocco butter on me gladly -RRB- . I know that every body and pregnancy is different , but I ca n't believe all the good reviews this product has . I do n't understand it . The only thing I can figure is people get mesmorized by the cute packaging and hype on the label.Save your money , save your time , save your dermis ! If ANYTHING actually helps with stretch marks , this product is NOT it .
 I did not mean rude , but I really do not like this product . It is very greasy and hard to obsorb . And it is funny , last night my tummy was not itchy before I put this product on , but after I had this product on my tummy , it started itchy for hours ... So I had to wash it off and put on the other product that I have , and the itchy feeling went away . It is very greasy and sticky . It does have a pleasant smell and the ingrediants are mostly organic and vege-based .
 This stuff smells like very strong flowery perfume . It also does not melt and dissolve like butter . It pulled my skin a bit and left a tacky like surface -LRB- like honey would -RRB- even after a few hours . Not soothing on already taunt skin at all . I plan on sending this back . I wish they would at the very least allow the cocoa , shea butter and aloe smells to come through . This stuff will drown out any perfume you 're wearing . I liked EArth Mama Stretch Oil and Bio Oil better mixed with a bit of raw Coconut Oil .
 I used this a couple of times during my pregnancy and fealt more itchey and ended up with a rash . I swithced to cocoa butter and had better results . I triend it again and ended up with a rash again . Now that I 'm no longer pregnant I tried it again and it just made my skin dry and itchy . Do n't wast your money !!!
 While this product smells nice the texture is very grainy . It also does not provide any relief for itching at all . As far as stretch mark prevention I guess it works okay as so far I have not seen any stretch marks on my body and I 'm 5 months along .
 I bought this hoping it would keep me from getting stretch marks but unfortunately I ended up with a few . I did n't use this product everyday because it left my tummy feeling really greasy and I was worried it would ruin my clothes . It smells ok and who knows if I did n't use it at all I might have ended up with a lot more stretch marks .
 Absolute waste of money . It is soooo sticky that you will never want to put it again . It will spoil all your clothes . Please do n't buy this . Instead you can try Palmers .
 Horrible - greasy and does n't even work . It is also very slow drying , I 'm waiting for hours before I can put some cloth on . I would be fine with all these bad things , but it should at least work a little .
 I did not like this product at all . Too sticky and tacky . It stuck to everything I wore to bed . It also had a gritty texture to it . I do not plan on buying this product again . The Mama Mio Tummy butter is much better .
 Ok so the second I found out i was pregnant I did my research for the right cream/lotion to prevent stretch marks . Even after reading and hearing advice of doctors and experts stating that there is not a product available to prevent them , I still went ahead and purchase this product mainly because of the reviews . I truly believed what this product promised.The results
 With all the good reviews and hype about it you would think Bella B Tummy Honey Butter would work . Stretch mark prevention ? More like a drunken challenge with stretch mark to a vicious battle and losing badly . It felt greasy on my skin , my clothes got greasy and even though I washed my hands it felt like the grease would never go away . For all I know I could have been rubbing lard on my tummy . My skin felt itchy from all the stretching and adding grease to the itchy tummy just made it difficult to scratch . I 've used it since I was 3 months pregnant and still came out of the pregnancy with warrior scars . I know stretch marks are genetic but I was hoping this would at least soothe the itch away . It did n't . The only thing I liked about the Bella B Tummy Honey Butter was that it smelled nice . It reminded me of Anthropologie or Urban Outfitters candles . * I 'll post up my embarrassing zebra patterned tummy later on .
 First things first a little background . . My mom and sisters did not get stretch marks during their pregnancies and did not use any special creams except good ole lotion while pregnant . Being a petite woman my mom gained around 50 pounds with all pregnancies and still no stretch marks !! I am petite at 100 pounds prepregnancy weight . I do not scratch my skin when it itches , I exercise everyday -LRB- modified Turbo Fire and occasional running with the hubby to be exact -RRB- and have only gained 22 pounds with my pregnancy thus far at 39 weeks . Now onto the review : -RRB- I have used this product from the time I started trying to get pregnant and am still using it at 39 weeks pregnant . I apply the product 2 sometimes 3 times a day RELIGIOUSLY and I started noticing stretch marks around 37 weeks . They are not awful stretchmarks but alas still there.Bottom line
 I purchased this product a couple of months back . I purchased 2 containers , the first one was good just like how I remembered it to be when I used it with my daughter 3 years ago . when I opened up the 2nd container a few days ago I noticed that its very grainy ... seems like it was sitting for a while and is old or something . I am still using it since I already paid for it , but I am not happy with this item at this time ...
 I LOVED this Tummy Butter when I was pregnant with my little baby , so I ordered it again when we got pregnant with our 2nd . But now when I put it on at night it seems to be extra grainy and wo n't absorb . It also gave me a rash -LRB- I figured maybe skin was just irritated at first -RRB- , and most of all has made me ITCHY . I could n't believe it was doing exactly what it is supposed to prevent , and could n't figure out why it does n't seem to be what I thought it was . When I just read the review that states Bella B was bought out and has different ingredients , it all makes sense . So disappointing . Will not re-order or purchase other products from this brand .
 The only thing this product has going for it is the smell . It is not offensive , smells nice , and does not trigger the morning-sickness gag-button . However , it does not work . I used it several times a day , and really layered it on ... stretch marks found a home anyway.In the container the goop is solid , and becomes more vaseline-like as you apply it . Also , I was not expecting the graininess . It feels like there is sand in it . Most importantly , it does not keep the `` moisturized '' feeling throughout the day . It leaves a dry , shiny film . I am very disappointed , especially since this was not the cheapest product on the market.I recommend going with Lay It On Thick from B&BW orks. ; And increase your water intake.Good Luck .
 the fragrance is overpowering for me . was looking for a product without artificial fragrance -LRB- phthalates -RRB- , did n't catch that this has them . if you put the product on at night , it still smells strongly in the morning . i had to wash my skin and clothes to stop smelling it . I did n't like the texture either ; it 's heavy and waxy and sticky and i just felt gross with it on . :--LRB- a friend bought me some palmer 's cocoal butter skin oil from the drugstore , and i like that better . i thought i 'd like this more because it costs more - was just a waste of money !
 I 'm really not terribly happy with the product . I had been using Palmer 's Tummy Butter -LRB- half the price at Walmart -RRB- and decided to try this instead and have been disappointed . It 's super greasy , I find the smell a bit chemically and unpleasantly floral , and more than anything , it really does n't have much staying power . Pros
 I had high hopes for this butter going by reviews but I was very disappointed . The rub is oily , I felt like it never really got absobed into the skin . There is also a ` grainy ' consistency to it so hours later I would my tummy still covered in ` bits ' unlike exfoliation rubs where the beads usually absorb . There is n't a scent which is great if you do n't want a scented item but I just felt like I was being lathered in lard !! I have since tried ` Lamaze belly rub ' and definitely recommend that one a hundred times over . It leaves a soft , silky feel to your skin , has a pleasant smell and best of all - no grainy bits !! I used this butter in my 4-5th month of pregnancy . I 'm now in my 7th using the lamaze rub and I 'll never go back to this Bella B product !
 Bought this for the wife , and not only did it feel like a tub of vaseline but it also made her itch all over . Because it 's `` hypo-allergenic '' and all natural -LRB- except for all the chemicals listed in the ingredients -RRB- , we thought it could n't be the tummy butter . However , after going a couple days without using it then trying it again the wife broke out in itchy red splotches all over her belly .
 I bought this stuff a while ago thinking it would help me with stretch marks . Since then I 've researched and found that there is NO scientific evidence whatsoever that any creams can help prevent stretch marks . It 's mostly just genetics.Anyway , that does n't really have to do with the quality of the product -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . This stuff is gooey , greasy , sticky , messy and horrible . Seriously , I felt like I was trying to rub vaseline on my stomach and wait for it to soak in . My skin never absorbed it and it was a disgusting layer of sticky slime under my clothes . After applying I had to wash it off my hands because it is impossible to rub this stuff in like normal lotion . After a few minutes I would always end up washing it off my belly too.I tried hard to like this stuff because I hate to waste money . I used it at least 5 times before decided enough was enough and throwing it in the trash . Definitely not worth the price when you can buy Palmer 's for much cheaper -LRB- and whaddayaknow , it actually gets absorbed by skin -RRB- . This tummy butter CRAP ended up in the trash can .
 After reading all the positive reviews , I was excited to use this product . I think it would be better described as a salve , it is thick and sticky , difficult to spread on , and just sits there , leaving your belly sticky , and your shirt then sticks to your belly . Its kind of really gross . I only put it on at bedtime , because it really soils your shirt , and the smell is just too strong and perfumey for this pregnant nose ! Really dissapointed with this product , and will be going back to the cocoa butter which moisturizes well and doesnt leave such an oily and uncomfortable residue .
 This `` butter '' is just like a thick vaseline and sticks to my clothes . I hate the feeling of it on my hands and would have to wash it off after applying to my stomach . I 'm 6 months along , and it did keep the itch away ; however , I had to wait 15 minutes in the morning for enough to absorb that I could put my clothes on and not have all of it rub off . Although the price is much less than other products I 've read reviews on , I used up the whole tub -LRB- applying liberally once a day -RRB- in less than a month . I used the Burt 's Bees tummy butter originally , and that was cheaper and lasted a good 2 months . I loved the feel and absorption of that product but stopped using it because it contains Willowood extract . Not sure how serious of a concern that should be , but I do n't take any chances when it comes to pregnancy . I guess I 'll try the Mama Mio butter next .
 I have these dark undereye circles for many years . This is just one of the products that I tried promising to solve my problem . I have been using it for a couple of months now and I do n't see any good effect at all . Worse , it looks like my undereye area has gone darker .
 I just threw this product in the trash . It does help BUT it flakes and makes my eyes red and itchy .
 I do n't think it 's worth your $ if your looking for something to take away dark circles . It is a good moisturizer & does not interfere with makeup . Indent have puffy eyes so I ca n't say if it helps with that .
 I bought this to get rid of the crow 's feet and fine lines under my eyes . I 've used this now for about three months with absolutely no improvement whatsoever . It is pleasant to use and does n't irritate my eyes , but just did n't do a thing for me .
 Used this for a month and did n't really notice any difference . I was n't expecting miracles , but thought i 'd see something subtle .
 It does not remove my Maybelline Waterproof Mascara . The last thing I want to do is really push on the skin around my eyes to remove the mascara - I do n't need to stretch it out . This is ok ... but not good .
 Simply put , this eye makeup remover does n't work . It takes scrubbing to even remove eyeliner , and it does NOTHING for waterproof mascara . I can soak a cotton ball and swipe my lashes , and nothing comes off at all.The only good thing I can say about this product is that it 's not greasy feeling . I 've used other `` oil free '' makeup removers , but they 're still greasy . This one is not . A quick water rinse afterwards and you 're fine . There 's still makeup all over your eyes , but at least your skin is n't greasy.Other that the lack of grease , there is nothing good to say about this product . It 's inexpensive , but it does n't work , so it 's not a good value at any price . And it stings my eyes .
 I bought this one hoping it will remove my waterproof mascara , but it does nothing at all . It removes eye shadow and concealer perfectly , but with the eyeliner is not as smooth . It takes some rubbing to remove eye liner and , as I said before -LRB- and stated by other reviewers -RRB- it does nothing to your waterproof mascara.Definitely , I wo n't buy this again .
 I 've bought this before at the drugstore and used it until it was gone . The smell is light , the formula is light ; it was just a good option for using a dab to stay hydrated without feeling greasy.Problem is , either they changed the formula or I got a bad batch . Now , even if I apply the thinnest layer to my face , using a dot smaller than the size of a pencil eraser , I get this weird greasy feeling all over . Shortly after that is what I call `` the water stage , '' where as if by magic , my entire face seems to have a fine sheen of water just sitting right on top . I seriously have to go pat dry with a towel , because it looks like I 've worked up a sincere sweat . I do n't know what 's wrong with this product , and I 'm holding onto it to try in the dry winter months , but I 'm not optimistic . At this point , I would not order it again .
 I was so hoping I had found a good moisture cream for everyday and under my make-up but when you first put it on it almost feels like your face begins to perspire and you have to wait awhile to let it absorb , weird ! Unfortunately it does n't feel any better than the inexpensive day creams I 've bought in the past . I wo n't be using very often .
 I am very disapointed with this product . When I purchase face cream I expect it to have a creamy base , but it is runny almost as if it has been deluted with water , or somthing . It has a stong perfummy smell , which I do not like , either . It feels like I am putting perfume on my face . It made my face burn a little , stopped using it . I am usally a big fan of loreal products , but this particular product did not desearve any stars !
 This cream really let me down . I expected more because it was loreal . It was very watery and did n't do anytching for my dry face .
 I was looking for some real good moisturizer when I decided to buy this . The description and the reviews I read before buying it made me decide to try it , but unfortunately , it did n't work for me . Perhaps , it depends on the type of skin , as they say ... I do n't know . I used it a few times and now it is sitting there . I am not using it any more . For me , not worth buying . .
 I have short , mostly straight , fine texture hair . This product is not what the description says . It 's is NOT weightless , and it IS sticky . After styling my hair with a blow dryer , I had to brush it repeatedly at the part to get rid of the hard sticky look . Also , it seemed to give my hair even more static than it had without any product . I 'm going back to Paul Mitchell Medium Hold Sculpting Foam .
 The product is thick and easy to apply to wet or damp hair . I noticed that my color stayed strong through to my next touch up . Unfortunately , I discovered that I am sensitive to an ingredient in this product and developed a skin irritation where my hair touched my face . I really liked this product for its effectiveness , but will not be able to purchase again .
 Paid too much for this . I misread the quantity which is my fault but it really was n't worth the amount paid .
 I loved the settings of this mirror , so I bought it . I brought it home desperate to test it and use it . I was sooo disappointed to see that the lights were awful . Theyr are not bright at all . They are like being under candle lights . Mirror is fine .
 I have always used mirrors that are hung flush against a wall . This mirror is not designed to do sit upright , it falls over . Its positions are slanted backward , away from you , so you start seeing the ceiling . . I had to lean over it to see myself . Not what I wanted , and it cost a 20 % restocking fee , to find out it would not sit upright . It has a design flaw ... but functions . Be sure you do not need a mirror that sits straight up and down .
 Takes up to much space and the lighting is only so so . I put on guest room and hope no guest minds .
 I ordered Simply Silver for my mother who lives in another state . She called to thank me but that is when I found out that they sent her Nexxus PRO PLATINUM Shampoo . Even though Pro Platinum is in the description it is NOT Simply Silver . So if you are looking for Simply Silver exclusively , DO NOT purchase this product . You can purchase Pro Platinum in Walmart or any retail that sells Nexxus products which is about any place now . I did n't want to put my mother through trying to re-package and return it so I took the loss . I will read the reviews from here on .
 I ordered the Simply Silver product and they had none in stock , so they sent me a different shampoo in it 's place . I called them and had to go through a return order process . A real pain in the neck ! They should have advised me that they had no more Simply Silver shampoo before sending me something I did n't order .
 Order Nexxus Silver , received a product totally different . When contacting customer service , no record of the transaction , very rude to deal with , and will never deal with Amazon again !
 I like IC products , and I luv the Serum . I have 4b hair and this product just seems to dry it out . I think because it 's in a spray form . I 'm sure it 's perfect for finer textured hair . Know your hair , then choose the best product for YOU . Not what works for everybody else . I will simply pass this on to someone else who wanted to try it . \
 I purchased this item because it 's for `` Sensitive Skin and Scalp '' , but I received the regular Free & Clear conditional instead . Very disappointed .
 A dermatologist recommended this shampoo to me for psoriasis . I have n't used it much or consistently . This may or may not be why I have yet to see any results for psoriasis . However , I do n't think using it regularly would make a difference . We 'll see . Hope I 'm wrong .
 I got ta admit that I 'm a self proclaimed metro . Yeah , I use the really good stuff , from The Body Shop , Aveeno -LRB- awesome products -RRB- , St. Ives , H2O -LRB- especially -RRB- and more . They got stuff that guys can use , and still feel like a man after using their ` health products '' . Even though my roomate from a few years ago bought this and used it for the shower , I thought I 'd try a dab , and see if it was worth buying after I found out that I needed to go and get some body wash soon . The moment I opened the bottle , this powerful smell of some windex-like fumigated scent reaked out of the bottle ! I mean , holy cow ! I nearly fell in the shower , it was so strong . I tried it anyways , at least to get in and out of the shower , since I was in a hurry . At least it lathered pretty well -LRB- not as well as I thought it would -RRB- , and yet I realized in a moment after drying off that the stupid scent was stuck to me for the rest of the day . Terrific.Lever 2000 probably played ` science lab ' , goofed around with some chemicals , did n't bother to compliment any nice scents with this gel , and with some wierd products came about with this crap ! And to top it all off , my arms broke out in a short lived rash ! Wonderful!I 'm surprised I did n't corrode ! Do n't buy this one . You might be better off washing with freshly chopped sage and some water !
 the red colour its too glittery for women but little girls can wear with a dress.In pictures it does not look the way it does in reality.only buy if u have a little girl.black one looked pretty on me.liked that for woman .
 I have long thick hair . This brush actually hurts to use . It scratched my scalp . My labrador wanted me to try it on her and when I did she ran out of the bathroom -- she usually loves to be brushed with my brush . Oh , and I ca n't return it . The company does n't take brushes -LRB- or anything else really -RRB- back and so I 'm stuck with it . It 's in the trash .
 The original formula of this product was great - gave my hair texture and lift like no other ! Then , they changed something in the ingredients and now it 's worthless . Not as sticky and has no hold like before . My hairdresser refuses to buy this &#34; new &#34; version of texture twist and has many disappointed customers because of it ! Will not buy this again unless they go back to the original formula .
 I have flat hair and I put this on dry and it does n't do a thing . I ca n't even tell anything is in my hair . It 's still limp . I put a quarter size dollop so I know it 's not me . I guess this just is n't for my hair . I use other products that give me way more volumne then this . Not worth the $ 20
 This is a great idea for a product . However , a week is n't long enough to tell if it 's working or not . I 'll keep using it to see if it works but at this time , I ca n't see a difference .
 This product has a pleasant smell . It leaves your skin feeling very soft . It says it takes eight weeks for the full effect to be noticed . I 've been using it for about ten days , so I ca n't really comment on the final effects of the product , but I do believe that it 'll firm up my stomach and thigh/buttocks area . I really like the way it left my skin feeling , that is a plus in my book .
 All the fasteners were way too tight - making it very difficult to adjust.Because of this the mirror holder where it attaches to the mounting arm -LRB- weakest link -RRB- snapped in two.The material is made of brass and is very soft so using regular household tools scares the finish very badly.The product seemed to be price right , however can recommend this product .
 I WAS VERY VERY DISAPOINTED WITH IS FROM AMAZON . I WANT 10 BIG BOTTLES BUT RECEIVED A MILLION SMALL ONES !!!!! I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM AMAZON AGAIN AND I WILL ADVISE MY FRIENDS TO DO THE SAME !
 I 've been using Giovanni shampoo and conditioner for a while now but decided to buy the Shikai Natural Everyday conditioner to see how it worked for me since it was on sale . I have thick , long , naturally frizzy/wavy hair that I blow dry straight . Usually I can feel conditioner working . My hair will feel smooth and detangled almost instantly in the shower and when it 's dry , it will feel soft . It did not feel that way during/after using this Shikai conditioner . I can normally run a comb or brush through my hair easily when it 's wet after using my normal stuff , but not with this conditioner .
 Meh , not a fan of this conditioner . I have longer , fine hair and this product leaves it tangled when I get out of the shower . I have never dealt with so many fly-aways , static and general unruliness . Does not leave my hair feeling smooth or soft and if I were to use it sparingly as directed I may as well not use anything .
 Unfortunately I have to rate this product '' `` Poor '' '' because I developed a rash after using it . I tried it on three separate occasions , using my regular body wash in-between to make sure that it was the Nivea product that was causing the rash . The rash was not severe , although after the first use , I experienced mild itching all over my body . Otherwise , the Nivea body wash was very nice , with a richer lather than my usual body wash and a pleasant aroma . All in all , it did not have any significant advantages over my usual body wash and had one large disadvantage . If you have sensitive skin , you might not want to try this product .
 The Nivea Bath Care Moisturizing Body Wash added moisture to my skin , which I need in this cold climate . However , it lacked an aromatic scent that would have made my shower experience more invigorating .
 THIS IS NOT THE PRODUCT THAT I THOUGHT IT WAS . IT WEIGHTS DOWN YOUR HAIR AND THE HAIR IS GREASY ON THE SECOND DAY . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ONE . I 'M SORRY I BROUGHT THE PRODUCT . IF I COULD I 'D ASK FOR MY MONEY BACK , IT WAS AN AWFUL LOT OF MONEY TO PAY FOR A PRODUCT THAT DOES NOT LIVE UP THE EXPECTATIONS OF WHAT YOUR KNOW IT SHOULD BE . IT DID N'T LEAVE MY HAIR FEELING SOFT AND SILKY LIKE THE OTHER THERMA SILK PRODUCTS I 'VE USED .
 I tried this on several different occasions and my eyes looked worse afterwards each time . I am not sure why , because it seems it should work very well .
 I did n't like this cream at all . It has a strong chemical odor and it stung my face when I used it . I thought the burning feeling would go away after a few days but it did n't . I did n't notice any improvement with my skin at all . However , the cream comes packed in a pretty blue jar , but that was the only thing I liked about it .
 Only one nozzle to inflate the pillow . I actually had to poke a hole in the nozzle just to inflate it because it was a solid piece of plastic . Would not order one of these again .
 This pillow can not be filled with water as the item description claims . It 's an air-only inflatable . It may be a much better than one-star product if all you want is an air inflatable - we 'll see in time - but look elsewhere if you want a dual valve pillow you can fill with water .
 This is the first bad item I 've ever received through this web site , and I 'm only giving it one star because I 'm not able to give it no stars . This item is impossible to inflate , either with air or water . After much huffing and puffing , I was only able to inflate one chamber partially , and then could n't let that small amount of air out of the pillow . Do n't waste your time on this product!Duro - Med Inflatable Bath Pillow -LRB- Colors May Vary -RRB-
 Purchased this to replace one we purchased at Walmart about 10 years ago . We had to replace it because the suction cuts had torn off but it never leaked . What we received did not match the picture in the listing -LRB- our old one looked like the picture so I was hoping it would be as good -RRB- . The new one is not as wide or as cushioned as the old one . Lastly , the thickness of the material is noticeably thinner . On the positive side , the four suction cups work well to keep it in place and it has a smooth surface -LRB- not terry cloth -RRB- which make it easy to keep clean . Save your money and buy it elsewhere for several dollars cheaper .
 The product did not have the water fill up nozzle so I was pretty upset . I purchased this pillow to take along with me on a family vaction to a water park . I needed it to have support sitting in the chairs there , and to have in the tub . I was afraid without filling it with warm water it might not sooth my back problem successfully . I was correct . It would have done a much better job of soothing my pain if I had been able to fill it with warm water instead of just air.It does help comfort in the regular tub of ceramic . I would not have ordered had I 'd known it could not be filled with water . I personally was looking for that specific type of pillow . If you can live with a pillow that only gets filled with air , this product would be perfect for you.The size is great . The suction cups are pretty good .
 The pillow was just what I wanted . Could n't find one in a store and this was perfect . It took longer than expected to receive . I think my order was misplaced .
 I like this bath pillow except for one thing . After having it for less than a year , it sprung a leak . The leak appears to be around the suction cup . These are so cheap , I 'm taking a chance and ordering another one . It would cost more in my time and shipping to try and return for an exchange than to just order a new one.I do n't like the terrycloth version that is available -LRB- this one is all plastic -RRB- , because the terrycloth ones I 've had tend to discolor and develop mold . This one got a little discolored on the back , but not badly , and it cleaned fairly easily . Up until the recent leak , I 've been satisfied .
 Do not buy this bath pillow !!!! I see they used to be fine from earlier reviews but they must have stored them in high heat or something because the two sides are melted together . I tried to pull it apart so I could blow it up but it just barely comes apart . This is by far the worse items I 've ever gotten from Amazon and hopefully they will no longer deal with this company as we expect better than that .
 This supposedly inflatable bathtub cusion is impossible to blow upby human or pump . Expect to throw it out before using .
 This is one of the worst tanners I have ever used ! I have used probably between 25-35 over the past decade and this is one of the worst . First off it barely tans at all and I have fair skin so any hint of color is always very visible on me . When and if this does provde any color no matter how I applied it dried streaky and splotchy -LRB- and I am a very experienced sunless tanner user so I know what I am doing -RRB- Beyond all that the texture sucks as it 's the tetxute or week old watery jello .
 I bought both this day creme and the Q10 night creme , their packages look so different . The night creme has clear `` Made in France '' mark , the package and also the inner sealing cover are elegent ; But for this day creme , the sealing cover is crappy , and there 's no ` made in ' information at all ; and even the printed production date got faded after daily use for about a week . What the hell is this day creme?I got scared to use this day creme after I saw so much difference between the day creme and night creme.I think the geniue day creme might be good , but this one sold here is definitely suspicious .
 I bought this for my mother after I compared all the Psoriasis products on Amazon . I found Mg 217 Intensive Strength Medicated Tar Ointment for Psoriasis 3.8 Oz having the highest review start number by many people . So I bought it along with this shampoo , and another product by Mg 217 . My mother has used them for one moth , but there has been not even a tiny effect . In fact , the symptom has even turned worse , especially when she used the Tar Shampoo . After using this shampoo , she felt the itching and inflammation even got worse.Psoriasis is very hard to be cured , and maybe other people will receive better effects after they use this product , but not for my mom . If I could , I would give 0 star for this product .
 This product is a waste of my money , I use it everyday and it 's a waste of time well then again I am bold ...
 i had used Pentrax shampoo for years and it worked great . When i could no longer buy it I began reading up on other shampoos . I ordered MH217 and it burned my scalp plus my hair fell out in an inflamed spot . the doctor did a biopsy which showed alopecia areata but I had never had any indication of this before . Therefore I have to conclude it was the shampoo so be careful !
 I knew that italian border tax police -LRB- Dogana - Guardia di Finanza -RRB- sometimes stops stuff from Amazon US to charge for italian VAT -LRB- we call it IVA -RRB- . What I did n't know is that for personal care products I needed to sign a document for the Italian Health Ministry!So , actually the shampoo is `` hostage '' in Milan Airport -LRB- I 'm in Rome -RRB- waiting for my signature on this document , where I will declare that I know that this chemical product has not been authorized/analyzed in Italy and therefore I 'm responsible for any damage that this product may cause to people here.I think that it would be nice to know in the shipping information this kind of things.I know that is hard to know what kind of rules run on every border , but if Amazon wants to sell products abroad I think this kind of transparency is something Amazon and Amazon 's Partners definitely need to improve in the selling process .
 Unfortunately this product does n't have enough coal tar to be effective for me . But that does n't mean it 's a terrible product , as with the nature of Psoriasis , what works for some may not work for others .
 I purchased this product because of the promised lasting affect but it did not live up to the promise . As is true with similar products , it dried my lips very quickly and caused the color to flake off within a short period of time . There is a similar product called My Lips Are Sealed available in drug stores priced 80 % less and it works the same as this product . EI Solutions Lip Last does not have the initial sting as the lower priced product , however , the results are the same .
 I purchased this product for my sister for Christmas because the other company I purchased Lilac products from does not make that sent anymore . My sister said this product was not as rich and of good quality like the other brand .
 I used this product and apparently was allergic to one or more of the ingredients . It burned my face . The redness took almost a week to clear and my skin actually peeled off . It was quite painful .
 Hey , I 'm young , 20 , but I like to plan ahead and prevent wrinkles before they happen . I bought this product , and ignored the slight sting it caused , because my research had shown me that Retinol can have a bit of a sting . But after a few days , it gave me a rash ! I have what I would call normal skin.If you can get the competing anti-wrinkle cream , I would suggest it . I 'm writing this right now , with a face that looks like a red raccoon .
 This product is $ 12 in the manufacturer 's mail order catalog and $ 16 on this web site . How do you justify the Value Added by Amazon ?
 I have sufferedfor the last year of dry , peeling , cracked finger tips and hoping Porters Original Lotion would work . I does not . It smells like a pharmacy and does very little to add relieve . I have been using it about 4 times a day without success .
 In fact for the 2 weeks I used it the cracks on my fingertips got worse . And it 's strange that a product for dry skin would contain alcohol.Was looking for a replacement for Laid in Montana 's Workers Cream , because while it works great it is very greasy . Guess I 'll have to stick to the greasy stuff
 If you have dry , itchy skin especially in the winter time as I do , this is not the product for you . I am very disappointed with this product and due to my experience with this product , I 'm wondering if the people who reviewed this product actually own it or work for the company . I compared it with a much less expensive product that I already owned and it appeared to make my skin dryer than the other product . This product is not only overpriced on the Amazon website but it does not do what it claims to do . Will not purchase again and wish I could return it .
 Nothing like advertised . Still have problems with my skin drying out and cracking . Not worth the money in my book .
 This musk had a very weak smell to it . Not the best I 've had .
 I was very disappointed in this perfume oil . Thankfully I did not purchase it as a gift , because the bottle it came in is not the bottle pictured here . Due to poor packaging , the outside of it was sticky and the cheap label was covered in oil . The oil itself is very thick and sticky , like diluted sap and the best way to describe the scent is a very weak Egyptian musk and cardboard . I am thinking it maybe is old stock , but I have another brand that is several years old and still smells great . Even though it was inexpensive , it is not worth the loss of even a few dollars . I would not recommend this . Pay more somewhere else for better quality . I used to get the Kareem Abdul brand for $ 5.99 for a 1/2 oz back in the day and now I see it listed for around $ 16.00 , but it is the best version out there that I have tried and 1000 times better than this .
 Great and on time delievery but this product does n't smell like Egyptian Musk . Do n't like the smell :-LRB- Really disapointed .
 Love the scent ... But it is not in a roller bottle . So how are you suppose to put it on ? Stick your finger and rub it on ? False advertisement !
 Unfortunately for me I have smelled the real cologne . The version I order from this seller is not the real stuff . I bought both DKNY Delicious colognes for me and I received some knock off cologne , bottled in the same bottle . Not sure what they are doing , but do not order this cologne from this seller . It 's a knock off and you will be sorely disappointed .
 This musk had a very weak smell to it . Not the best I 've had .
 I was very disappointed in this perfume oil . Thankfully I did not purchase it as a gift , because the bottle it came in is not the bottle pictured here . Due to poor packaging , the outside of it was sticky and the cheap label was covered in oil . The oil itself is very thick and sticky , like diluted sap and the best way to describe the scent is a very weak Egyptian musk and cardboard . I am thinking it maybe is old stock , but I have another brand that is several years old and still smells great . Even though it was inexpensive , it is not worth the loss of even a few dollars . I would not recommend this . Pay more somewhere else for better quality . I used to get the Kareem Abdul brand for $ 5.99 for a 1/2 oz back in the day and now I see it listed for around $ 16.00 , but it is the best version out there that I have tried and 1000 times better than this .
 Great and on time delievery but this product does n't smell like Egyptian Musk . Do n't like the smell :-LRB- Really disapointed .
 Love the scent ... But it is not in a roller bottle . So how are you suppose to put it on ? Stick your finger and rub it on ? False advertisement !
 I am 34 and have never had acne before . Now at this stage in life it is a problem . I ordered Klear Action with hope of a cure . However , I have been on it now for 5 weeks and the only thing I can say that is positive about it is that it has evened out my skin color and made my skin glow without make up . with that being said though my acne has NOT improved even a little bit ! I think it is actually worse . I am glad it worked for others I was just not one of them !
 After using Proactiv for 6 months , I was told by a friend to try Klear Action , which is supposed work and have the same skin clearing effects of Proactiv but at an inexpensive price . I used Klear Action for about 5 months and noticed that it did not control acne flare ups the way that Proactiv did . The Renewing Cleanser in Klear Action does n't give the same `` clean '' feeling that the Proactiv brand does . I had constant breakouts on my face all the time . When I used Proactiv I had clear , smooth skin , and NEVER had breakouts . I have decided that cheaper is NOT always the best . I have switched back to Proactiv and I am once again free of blemishes and breakouts .
 I 've been using this brand for the last six months and to be honest , it does n't do much for my zits . The quality does n't feel as good as ProActiv , which did n't work wonders for me , either , but at least felt `` expensive '' whereas Klear Action feels like it 's all cheap ingredients . You may want to try this out for a month and see if it works .
 I tried this and it seemed to work for the first week , but after that my acne was back as normal . I continued on trying it for over a month . As with many acne products I find - they seem to go ineffective for me after a short time .
 This is the worst product ever ! I was using this product and began to hallucinate , which was not a warning . My mom , a nurse for over 30 years , warned me that the Klear Action was probably doing it . When I stopped Klear Action , the hallucinations stopped . So if you would like to waste money on a product that does nothing for your complexion and creates hallucinations , than buy this.On the better note - > I am now using Biore facial cleanser and toner , along with the self-heating mask . In 2 days I have noticed a result with this !!
 The first few days , I was sure this was a great product . It actually felt good on my skin , I did n't even need to use a moisturizer afterward , which I always do . But after a few weeks , my skin was n't looking any better , and it was getting really dry . I started applying once a day instead of twice , but it did n't matter , my skin kept getting dry and I kept getting pimples . After five weeks , I had to discontinue use . I 'm not sure why it worked so well for the other people here , maybe it was just my skin .
 This product did not work as well for me as Proactiv . The cleanser does not do a great job of exfoliating , and the toner was a bit harsh . It also dried my skin out pretty badly . I will not purchase this system again .
 I tried this product because of price , pure and simple . I just could not afford the Proactiv and was looking for something else . Unfortunately , this system is not as effective as the Proactiv system I was using.The lotion does help with the dryness . The scrub does help with some of the smaller pimples . but overall these products are just okay . They are not as good as Proactiv . This system does not include a mask which is one of the things I like best about Proactiv since it seems to clear up bad pimples very quickly.I think that the system is better than just soap-and-water , but it 's not the solution I was looking for . I 'm going to try other products , though , because I do think that Proactiv is just too expensive .
 I have been using proactive for 5 years and decided I waqs tired of spending $ 46 every ten weeks . Anways , I have been using the Klear Action for about 2 weeks and I immediately broke out . The face wash does n't have the little crystals in it , which I actually prefer because the crystals in Proactive is a little harsher on my skin then I would like however , I am willing to deal with that as long as I am not breaking out . I am going back to Proactive .
 My wife was using Proactiv , but we decided to try and save some money and try this.But it is not even close to the quality of Proactiv . She hated it , and it did not help her at all.In this case , you definitely get what you pay for . I suppose if you never used Proactiv , you might get some benefit from this , but if you used Proactiv before , you will be disappointed .
 The perfume I received is just good to be trashed.This is not That `` forever '' by Alfred Sung '' , described on the website.The stickers had been removed on bottle to hide the real name of this ugly perfume . If you want to buy the the right perfume , just buy from fragrancenet.com or amazon.Do not trust this seller .
 I love tingle and this is a pretty stong tingle . It made me feel and look like instant results . It smells wonderful also .
 After reading glowing reviews on Amazon and elsewhere , I decided to try this hoping it would help my sensitive , acne-prone skin . I liked the idea of an inexpensive cleanser that was gentle on skin . Turns out this soap is gentle on dirt , too . It does not remove makeup very well . After use , makeup still comes off on my cleansing cloth ! I have since switched to Neutrogena Oil Free Acne Wash , which seems to work better .
 I have used this polish three times now , and each time it starts chipping within hours of application . I 've experimented with the number of coats -LRB- 2 , 4 , and 5 -RRB- , with disappointing results each time . At one point , I was sitting with a friend when a piece so large sprung off that he thought it was a cockroach out of the corner of his eye.Also , the polish is very transparent . Even after four coats my nails were still visible underneath .
 it 's very thin and tall , I use many times but I did n't observed any differance of other . Therfore maybe with two months ot more find something
 I 'm not sure why there is so much hype about a cheap piece of rough nylon cloth . Yes , I 'm talking about the authentic Salux nylon , made in Japan , not some imitation some here have complained about . I bought this based on all the rave reviews only to find out it 's no more than a piece of cheaply made nylon that gave me dermatitis , especially on my hands . No matter how gentle and careful I was when using it , it always made palms of my hands red , raw , dry and incredibly itchy like nothing else.Perhaps a imitation product would have worked better . I suspect a lot of positive reviews are fake . Do no buy this product , especially if you have sensitive skin .
 This is marketed to kids , yet its loaded with harmful chemicals and preservatives . JUNK !! I 'm so glad I found and only use WendyLou 's Natural Bath products . Homemade and all vegetable based . Mild enough for all skin types and her goats milk lotion is great !
 I would not recommend this product as it peels off within one day after application . When you try to remove the rest of the polish , you need a hammer and chisel to get it off . I had to get out the sponge with the green scrubber , and I still have streaks of color on my nails .
 I think it muse be the glycerin in this product but this soap was horrible ! My skin was drier than ever after using it , and left a white chalkiness behind . I wanted to try something different and natural for my winter skin , but I think I 'll pass on this one in the future .
 I have started using more natural beauty products and learned that Honeybee Gardens nail polish was very low on the toxicity levels on ewg 's cosmetics list website so I decided to give it a try . I tried the Mocha Latte color and also used the Top coat like instructed . Though I did love the color and being able to breathe when I painted my nails due to no toxic fumes -LRB- the smell of this nail polish was a very very faint coffee smell -RRB- the paint on my fingers started chipping at a fast rate by morning and left chips all over my desk at work and on my clothes ... however my toenails are still going strong.I will not buy their nail polish again . When I actually take time to paint my nails I would rather the polish not chip and peel within hours .
 Although this soap does appear to get rave reviews , I have a problem with the fact that it contains preservatives and chemicals -LRB- DMDM Hydantoin -LRB- which releases formaldehyde into the product !! , Pentasodium Pentetate , Tetrasodium Etidronate -RRB- yet they say its all natural based ?? Luckily , through my searching I have found WendyLou 's Natural Milk Baths and Soaps . They are homemade , with the glycerin still retained and are all natural based with either essential oils or fragrance added . I have very dry skin and her soaps feel so moisturizing and have a great lather , plus its nice to know I am using something without any chemicals and is vegetable based .
 I did not like the smell at all . I had to throw it out and I did not even try it because it smelled too strong and offensive to me .
 I ordered these nail polishes with the intent of getting away from `` unwanted '' elements such as formaldehyde , etc. . I found that these polishes simply do n't hold up . I 'm not one who polishes every day . Who has the time ? I tried the usual , little patch job here and there . It 's simply not worth all the effort . I 've since gone back to traditional polishes and am happy with their performance.I 'll be happy to switch when there is a safe polish that performs .
 It says THIS ITEM IS NOT FOR INDIVIDUAL SALE ! And to be honest it s kinda expensive for a tiny little bottle ... does n't have any scent ...
 I have very wavy hair and these rollers did n't smooth out the waves and added more frizz . I tried to return them after only using twice . They would not let me return them because I had used them . So now I stuck with a 60.00 set of the professional rollers that I ca n't use . Their return policy is absurd !
 Absolutely the worst product I ever purchased . They fell out of my hair when I used them once and only once . My hair was still wet after using a blow dryer on the curlers . Very expensive for something that does not work on all hair types.I called the place I bought them from and they will not let me return them . How was I supposed to know they would not work unless I tried them . . Hilda Simpson
 My wife has thick hair and it does n't work worth a darn on her hair . I found the GE dry/mist hairsetter on Ebay and it works tremendiously better .
 I recently purchased this product based on reviews which were mostly positive . I 've tried everything - leaving the rollers in a long time , taking them out after 15 minutes , rolling tight , using a setting product , not using a setting product - does n't matter the curl does not last more than 10 minutes . Absolutely not worth it . My hair is fine and medium thickness and holds curl from regular hot rollers . They were getting old and broken , so I thought I would try something new . Wrong decision !
 I just finished using this product and felt like I needed to warn people of the tiny amount provided in the box . I have used this in the past , but it was a couple of years ago . It was a wonderful product then , with enough color to take care of all the roots . When I opened the box -LRB- box same size as before -RRB- , the mixing bowl , color and developer was 1/2 the amount it was back then . I do not recommend this product to anyone any more . I wo n't get clairol anymore either . Who knows what surprises are in the other boxes now .
 Ok I was trying to save money by doing my grey roots between salon colorings of my medium brown hair . My roots turned orange , bright clown like orange ... and I followed the instructions to the letter . So guess what , i 'm off to the hair salon tomorrow for a professional color . I do not recommend this product .
 I have all over grey , which I color dark brown . This was a very small amount of color . It was hard to mix in the `` scoop '' provided . It did cover my roots , but only just . There is no conditioner included in this kit . I left it on 10 minutes and color is darker than indicated on the box . I will not buy it again .
 Do not buy , turned my hair nasty orange ! Save up enough to get your money to get your hair down in the salon .
 I agree with 2 other reviewers , first the product has a very skimpy amount and second , I used medium ash brown and there is definitely an orange tinge . Also the ammonia fumes just about made me pass out . I used a bowl and brush from the beauty supply store , that tiny mixing tray they supply is easy to knock over .
 This product sounded SO good ... . and did not cover my gray - AT ALL ! I followed the instructions to the letter , and ... . nothing . What a waste of money .
 I use Excellence in 9.5 N. I was so happy that this root touch up worked so well . It matched perfectly . I have a few grays , so I left it on for 15 minutes . I guess this is high lifting , because it works so quickly . All in all , this product is saving my hair because I truly do wait almost six weeks now to redye my hair . Bravo , Clairol !
 This does n't remove basic nail polish let alone anything `` advanced '' like glitter polish . I ca n't imagine trying to remove acrylics with this ! 0 stars
 It has a chemical added to it . It is not pure acetone . false advertising ...
 This is not 100 % Acetone as stated on the front of the bottle . This also contains denatonium benzoate . Do not waste your money .
 I ordered the 32 oz . Acetone and never received my order its been about 2 months . Shipment arrival estimate was 6/8/2010 and its 6/25/2010 today , i ordered it 5/15/2010 .
 I would not recommend this for the normal finger nail polisher ... it should be used only in beauty shops because it is very strong and `` melted '' the plastic I had it in which I used to `` soak '' my shellaced nails off . Then afterwards there is the disposal which I still do n't know how to properly do that .
 This honeybee nail polish flaked off first day I put it on , and the honeybee nail polish remover does n't work either . Do n't waste your time on trying these.I thought I had found a great product , I am sensitive to strong smells , but guess I will just have to go outside to put on my horrible smelling regular nail polish and when I use my horrible smelling polish remover .
 I took the risk and was very displeased . The color was not pretty at all and took too long to dry especially in thehumidity of summer . Do n't even try it ... Revlon has been recommended in a natural cosmetic book and it 's so much better .
 it does n't absorb that well and leaves a white layer of film around the scar and hair area . Also , it gives my scalp a sensation -LRB- not a good one -RRB- after use.I might as well just use Mederma scar remove as it 's a known and proven product and will also moisturize
 This product has become hit-or-miss lately . I think Amazon has been getting old shipments , or this product is sitting around in their warehouse too long . It 's supposed to have a creamy consistency , yet lately , the shipments I 've received have been gooey , like old peanut butter , with oily separation , and it 's still a few months away from the printed expiration date . Not continuing my subscription of this cream .
 I ordered the .5 oz . Jason red eye cream . When I received it - it clearly was quite old and dried up . The oil had separated and what was left was thick brown goo.However , the customer service credited my account asap .
 This honeybee nail polish flaked off first day I put it on , and the honeybee nail polish remover does n't work either . Do n't waste your time on trying these.I thought I had found a great product , I am sensitive to strong smells , but guess I will just have to go outside to put on my horrible smelling regular nail polish and when I use my horrible smelling polish remover .
 I took the risk and was very displeased . The color was not pretty at all and took too long to dry especially in thehumidity of summer . Do n't even try it ... Revlon has been recommended in a natural cosmetic book and it 's so much better .
 My package came in a brown paper package . The cologne looked and smelled old and not fresh . The sprayer doesnt work and I havent really been able to use the cologne . It may spray a spot but not a full sream like it should.I would like to have a fresh replacement bottle at no charge to me .
 This product has a slight grittiness to it , and an odd smell and color . I suffered through those things waiting to see benefits ... Never did . I would n't recommend this , as I saw no positive benefits to using it .
 I liked these little zippos years ago so i bought one again . Disappointment . Get the full size one instead . I have 3 of these small ones purchased from 3 seperate stores and they all suck . Full sized zippos work great in my experiance , carried them for years but for some reason the small ones do n't work well .
 Cellex-C makes a lot of good products . This is n't one of them . Pore-clogging , waxy , and somewhat sticky after application . Read the ingredients before you buy !
 i have short damaged hair and i bought this shampoo for help . it has nice smell ... the biggest thing that i do n't like is that after 24 hours my hair looks like i have n't wash my head for 1 week . it 's terrible . i will never buy this shampoo again ...
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Out of the box , this mirror fogs up every time I use it . I assume that something must be blocking the little copper pipe inside . Sometime soon I will remove it and take a look to see if it can be fixed . If not , it 's going right back to Amazon.Update 5/13/2008 - After moving and reinstalling this mirror in my new shower , I noticed a little tube inside the connector that must have been blocked when I first installed it . I unbent the tube , installed it , and it works GREAT ! My rating changes from two stars to 5 ! Just be sure to clean it often ... small water spots can occur if it 's not consistently maintained . -LRB- Everything needs to be maintained , though , does n't it ? -RRB-
 I had the previous model . It worked okay for awhile -LRB- about a year -RRB- . The fog free worked okay although the mirror did n't fog up , but did become cloudy . However that is not the issue I was so concerned about . My unit broke at the turn off . When I contacted the company to see if I could order a new turn off , they informed me that they had a lot of problems with that model and it had been phased out . No parts were available . They said I could return the unit with the original receipt for a refund , which is their way of saying you are out of luck without a receipt . I told them I no longer had the receipt and since the unit was defective -LRB- their own admission -RRB- would they send me their base model -LRB- much cheaper than the unit I originally bought -RRB- as a replacement . They actually said , `` they would not , but if I wanted to purchase the base model , I could go to the nearest Walmart . '' Yes , that is what they said . DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY , THEY DO NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCTS , EVEN WHEN THEY ARE DEFECTIVE ! BUYER BEWARE !
 Product arrived scratched all over and covered with some sort of greasy dust . Item itself is exceptionally cheap made . Disappointed .
 Bought for my mom for Christmas she loves this perfume and it does actually smell pretty good however I was supposed to recieve my order by the 20th at the latest.its now the night of the 22nd and I am very worried it wont be here for Christmas . UPDATE
 This Olay Regenerist line seems to be kind of hit and miss for me . Some products work great and others , not at all . Unfortunately , this one is in the `` not at all '' group.I have used these , per instructions , about 3 times a week and have gone through almost the whole box . I have not noticed any improvement in the puffiness under my eyes , nor in the fine lines around my eyes . Frankly , I ca n't see any change at all.The applicator is okay , but seems to be a real gimmick to me . It says to `` massage '' the eye area to help reduce the puffiness , but this is contrary to every other thing you read which tells you never to tug or pull on the delicate skin around your eyes , and despite my best attempts , there is no way to `` massage '' with this product without tugging and pulling the skin . So , I now just dab it on and forget about the massaging idea.In any case , I have n't noticed any improvements at all , so will not be purchasing any more of this product .
 I was excited to try this to get rid of puffiness and wrinkles . I did n't actually realize until I read the information in the box a little more closely that there 's nothing in the ingredients to eliminate puffiness . They claim the way it reduces puffiness instead is that since you are massaging around your eye it moves the fluid around and that massage is a proven way to reduce puffiness . In other words , no need to buy the product - just massage with a moisturizer of your choice.Like others this clever little `` eye pod '' , actually felt like it was doing more harm than good when applied . The whole system is a bit scratchy . While it moisturized around my eyes -LRB- as most moisturizers do -RRB- it did n't live up to the hype or the price . My puffiness was actually worse than normal , and my wrinkles were n't anymore minimized than a good moisturizer provides.BOTTOM LINE
 No improvement at all using this product . I 'd expected some reduction of under eye puffiness or less visible lines , but there was no difference after 8 weeks . I am disappointed .
 I did not like this product at all . The sponge applicator was really scratchy . The sponge felt like it was leaving microscopic scratches on my skin which was probably why the eye area had a burning/stinging sensation after the application of the cream . I do n't think that the thin skin under the eye should be rubbed anyway . I saw no difference in the puffiness or brightness in the under-eye area . At a buck a pod this was a total waste of money .
 This seems to be the same type of serum often sold in tiny tubes . For the money , I 'd rather have the tube . I can figure out how to put a drop or two on my skin without the expensive `` delivery system '' . Most of the money seems to go to the elaborate packaging , sponge system to apply the serum . What a waste ! You ca n't even tell how much gets on because so much is left in the sponge . Plus , the sponge is quite rough for the eye area . I do n't think this whole idea was thought completely through . Spend your money on the tiny tubes made for the eye area . This probably sounded a lot better than it turned out .
 I 've been using this for a few weeks and have noticed no difference at all . Since I 'm in my mid-40 's , I 'm very careful about not getting too much sun and always wear sunglasses and a hat . This product did n't seem to help my wrinkles at all .
 I 'm an Olay Pro-X user , and from time to time , I try some of Olay 's other products . This is actually one of their products that I felt just was n't that great . I gave it 2 stars for effort only . My reviews on other Olay Products are usually rated 4 to 5 stars ... mostly 5 stars , but to be fair I just could not give this product a good-rating . It really did n't do anything for me , and I never saw any real difference . I like my Olay Pro-X line , and that product line-up is 5 stars + !!! Nice try Olay , but this product is beneath you . Maybe it will work differently for someone else , but it did n't do me justice .
 The directions to this product are very easy , however the application is not as easy . Squirting the product out of it 's container went well and then you apply it to your eyelids w / a massaging technique . The edges that you hold onto scraches my eyelids making this an uncomfortable process . I 'm not using excesive force . I 've tried ripping off that part but was just left w / an evil mess . I still use the product but use my finger to rub it in , which i believe for the price , is not worth it . I 'll just buy an eye serum instead . I 'm not complaining about Olay products in general , because i do use them for lotions and feel they are great products for usually a good value . This one is n't though .
 For those of you who inherited puffy eyes or dark circles , please disregard any positive reviews above . This item , while it probably is a decent moisturizer , does not improve or remove the puffy or dark area below the eyes.Every now and again , I get the wild idea to buy one of these products with hopes that it will improve the appearance of the puffy dark area under my eyes . Like my experience with other products , this does not make any notable change.Do yourself a favor and buy `` The Perfect Sit Up '' or similar . Place your focus on another part of your body . We 're stuck with these eyes .
 Since receiving the product , I have completed two sessions . The first session was uneventful . I read and followed the directions , but did not peel . I waited two weeks after the first session to do another peel . This time I felt a stinging sensation , but that was it . My skin looks smoother but I wanted to actually see the peel of the old skin . I 'll give it a third try in about a week . If nothing happens , I will try another product .
 Sadly it did nothing . 70 % sounds effective but I had zero results . I would have sent it back but waited to use it since I thought I would peel . I am ordering another product from this co. . I hope the TCA works .
 I did not even experience the slightest tingling when left on face for 4 minutes as instructed . This is supposed to be 70 % acid . I should feel it . With a hint of optimism , I 'm returning for another bottle . But I am not setting my hopes high . Who knows , maybe I just got a bad batch .
 a complete joke . am starting to question any good review of this product . felt a tingling but that 's it . left it for almost 30 minutes the second time i used it to have some effect still useless . no peeling , no improvement . its up to you to buy but for me its a complete waste of money .
 I hate to give this a low rating because i 'm sure it worked for other people . It just wasnt right for me . I thought by getting 70 % that id have a good enough strength to see some results , however ... it didnt do anything . I felt like NOTHING was happening on my skin . I probably wouldnt get this if you 're used to having things put on your skin ... be it a peel or any other topical liquid or cream . I 'm sure for those of you who dont exfoliate or , if you dont do much at all ... this will be fine for you . I will say , though , that the people that work there were very helpful . They answered each question that I had within 24 hrs and always tried to help me further than I asked for . Great customer service !
 I did n't see any difference after using this product . I have had lactic acid peels done at a spa & I had great results , my skin peeled , & it looked really great . . this peel did absolutley nothing for my skin , no peeling , no changes at all . . would never by this one again
 Two stars for not causing any damage but not doing anything useful , either . I saw no difference in my sun and age-related spots , and no increased glow or anything . Whatever it did at a cellular level did n't show up anywhere I could see it . This was my opinion of a few products I tried over the last year or so .
 I have used skin laboratory in the past , and they are always fast and helpful . They are a good company , but this is a product review and the simple truth is that this peel is low quality . I 've used lower stregth lactic acid in the past -LRB- from skin lab and other companies -RRB- . This is very weak and not worth the time and money . Obviously skin sensitivity varies from one person to the next , so it might work better for others . But if you are an `` experienced '' peel user , and working up to stonger acids for more improvement I would advise you to look elsewhere .
 Am I ALLERGIC to this stuff ?? Just to be extra careful , since this was `` 70 % '' , I tried it just on ONE side of my face -LRB- left -RRB- . The next day I had a bunch of little red bumps on my face -LRB- left side -RRB- . Here it is , a month later , and the little red bumps are still there!I will NOT use this again.Edit : It is now April 12 . I have been waiting since February for these red bumps to go away . They are s-l-o-w-l-y - diminishing.Clearly , something is wrong . Either I 'm allergic to this stuff or it 's just too strong for my face . Definitely going in the trash . No 2nd chances on this one !
 The item was shipped very fast . I read the instructions and applied the peel as stated . This was my first peel , so I was extra careful . The first sample peel went fine . When I applied the lactic peel , it literally peeled my skin off . I was fortunate to apply to a small area . Lost 2 inches of my skin . I am brown in color . So area that got burnt is pale white and the rest of my skin in brown . Scary . . I sent emails to these guys , got an auto response with no followup . If I were to use this product , would ensure its over a long holiday , so any burns , peels , hideous injuries , can heal itself without all the glare from people ... The pain is unbearable even after you flush with water for ever ... I would recommend , first time applicants to go to a salon and have it done and slowly work your way towards doing it yourself . This product has very high concentration of acid and show not be taken lightly .
 It did peeled , but that 's it , my skin is not clear it all , i 've been using this for 3 months .
 This is my second try of chemical peels from Amazon and has to admit that both products did not work.I read most of the review and is wondering if the producer of the product wrote those reviews .
 i have short brown scar on my thigh i used this product and my skin keeps pealing and where my scar is is just a bright spot where u can see my skin in removed is this suppose to work like this ? but i dont see scar fading should i continue to use this product ? help please
 I have dark skin with hyperpigmentation . This did nothing for my skin as far as making the pigmentation any better ... No difference at ALL.It is good however for making the skin feel smooth and supple and it unclogs the pores . When I find something that actually does get rid of the hyperpigmentation I will use this to maintain the results but until then I need something strong ... even at 70 % it is EXTREMELY mild .
 I have a STANDARD eyelash curler . You know , the stainless steel one that has been around longer than anyone can remember . The Ultra 2 refills fall right out of it . End of story .
 This company claimed their product was 100 % rubber . WRONG . I received two black silicone strips . Did I mention I hate silicone ? Did n't bother to send them back . I 'm using them anyway ... do n't have another choice right now . Did I mention I hate them ?
 my feet are pretty bad , and though i wasnt expecting it to work miracles , i did expect at least some small , small difference the first time that i used it . there was absolutely no difference . would not recommend this product.thank you
 There are levels of stiffness on this product , and the level was not indicated in the description , so I got the wrong product .
 I was disappointed in this fragrance . It did not smell fresh when I applied it . It must have been old stock . You have to be careful when purchasing any cosmetics or fragrance that you ca n't try or see , especially when it sells for a much lesser price .
 My scalp still felt irritated after use and the shampoo dried out my hair . Unfortunately , after spending $ 17 bucks on a shampoo , I 've got to keep looking for something that will appease my problematic scalp . I would definitely recommend buying the smaller version first if you 're still going to try it -LRB- I did n't want to buy the smaller version , due to shipping costs , but I should have assumed this shampoo was n't going to help -RRB- .
 As I have very sensitive skin , this product was recommended to me by my dermotologist . Unfortunately , after having spent a fair amount of $ $ to order/ship the product , it was not good for my scalp . I appear to be allergic to some ingredient -LRB- s -RRB- in the product - my scalp got dry , flaky and itchy within 24 hours of using -LRB- I tried using it 3 times to ensure the shampoo was the problem -RRB- .
 I had tried a Ga.ma straightener previously from a friend and loved it , so I thought I 'd buy my own . The biggest perk for me was that it worked for both European and US voltages so that I could travel with it without any problems . However when I received the straightener , it did not satisfy the product description . The wattage was 85 not 170 , and the voltage were 220 not 100-240 . Moreover , the straightener takes a * long * time to heat up . Even after 5 minutes , my straightener still flashes the red light that indicates it 's still heating.I contacted Goodman 's -LRB- the seller -RRB- and they told me that they do n't even sell straighteners that work in Europe , despite that they advertise the 1001HP that way.The Ga.ma straightener that I borrowed from a friend was one of the best straighteners I 've ever used . It 's unfortunate that the ones sold in the US are not the same .
 I was very unhappy with this purchase . The only good thing that happened was that the product was delivered before schedule . The bad part was that the product was passes it expiration date .
 I bought these pills from The Price Pros & Beauty Unlimited and after two weeks of no shipment and it still saying `` not shipped '' by the product I paid for I emailed them and and 4 days later I received , them and re-checked my email and they shipped them the day I emailed them ! EVEN WORSE ! When I got the pills there was no expiration date on the bottom of the back of the bottle , you can honestly tell the date has been rubbed and scraped off ! I am completely frustrated with this company ! I emailed and told them to send me a new bottle with date , we will see what happens ! Please for your safety DO NOT BUY FROM THEM ! The price is n't even that worth it with shipping costs you can get it for $ 2 more at a beauty salon ! If you have amazon prime its only $ 4 cheaper ! Not worth it !
 I ca n't say whether this works or not because I wo n't be taking them since I noticed in the ingredients that they have a few artificial colors . Wow , I seriously can not believe that . What kind of a company makes a supplement and then thinks to themselves `` Oh these should n't be this color , they should be this color , let 's add some toxic colors that everyone knows harms your health just so they look prettier '' ... That 's ridiculous . I 'm sure that less people take them than would due to the harmful colors added than the amount they gained because I doubt people think to themselves `` I 'm not taking that pill , the color is n't bright and pretty ! '' But I do know that people avoid products for using artificial colors and other unnecessary ingredients . Since I know of a few people I 'm sure there are many more . I 've never met someone though who would n't take a supplement because the color was n't pretty . What are we , kids ? What is this , candy ? They 're losing sales for no reason , they have nothing to gain by coloring it . Decrease in sales , no increase in shelf life , no added benefit to the supplement , and decrease in health to those taking it.Ludicrous . .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! It causes contact dermatitis . I bought this product and I used it for 3 weeks just fine . Then , after 3 weeks , I began to get a light allergic reaction . This reaction turned into a full blown reaction within hours . My undereyes swelled up , turned bumpy , and red in the area that I rubbed the cream . It is itchy , and nothing I 've tried will help the problem - not real aloe vera , not warm camomile tea bags , and not antihistamine . It has now been 7 days and the allergic reaction is still lingering around . It looks terrible and everyone I pass has asked if I was okay.I also put this product on my boyfriend and he immediately had a strong red reaction to this product . Two friends of mine apparently have used JASON products and they both had developed a rash to JASON deodorant and lotion.JASON cosmetics has not taken any liability for this product and has barely offered a refund . JASON is sending me a label to return the product , but I would like to keep it just in case . The consumer relations representative was also unprofessional and uncourteous about the problem , even though I had to miss work . She seemed like she has gotten many calls complaining about their products , demonstrating that they are unwilling to back up the safety of their product . If enough people complain about their products , a lawsuit can be put together .
 Everybody else who wrote a 1 star review is right about this product . I used it for a few weeks with mixed results , then started to get red swelling in the areas where the cream was applied . After one more use , I experienced extreme dryness , itchy eyes , and dark red areas around the eyes . This is a crap situation for a product that is supposed to help , and instead does so much damage . Definitely DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I bought this product and actually started applying it to my legs -LRB- thinking it could help my veins there -RRB- - after 2 weeks with no affect , my legs are completely broken out with swollen , red bumps and extremely itchy . I have no idea what is causing this reaction , but 6 days into having this rash and it still will not go away . Open to any ideas to treat this !
 Jason Natural Cosmetics Vitamin K Creme Plus for Intense Skin , Measured Dosage Pump , 2 ozDo n't buy this item !!! G.LEE is right as I also have suffered with the same side effects . I am currently swollen and have red bumps and the itching is terrible . I am hoping that others will comment on this issue , had I read G.lee 's comment I would not have bought the vitamin K cr&egrave;me . I 've been told it looks like I 've been burned around my eye area . Strange how it took several weeks before a reaction happened . I am out of ideas of what on what to do . Not happy.Would be interested to know how G.lee is getting on with the side effects .
 I bought this to use on dark circles under my eyes . For the first 3 weeks everything was fine , I even noticed some reduction of the dark shadows . However , I then started to get a red , crusty , itchy rash over the area of application . Despite stopping use of the cream , my face then swelled up to such an extent I had to take several days off work . My GP gave me antihistamines and a strong steroid cream - this reduced the swelling within a few days but the crusty rash lingered for at least another week . I certainly would n't recommend that anyone uses this on their face - in future I will read reviews before buying !
 awful stuff . used once a day for three/four days on nose , under eyes and cheeks to treat dark circles and broken veins on cheeks . now have red sore v itchy skin . lumpy and swollen and hot . not used for four days and no better . using savlon antiseptic cream on area and calendula cream but not better and started using an anti-histamine tablet 1x a day from today.ouch ! v much like the reaction an insect bite gives , v hot and inflamed . do not buy this !!!!
 I used this product for about a month , 2x a day just like it says , and I never saw even the slightest reduction in the spider veins I have on my calves . Definitely not worth the money at all .
 This stuff is a bunch of crap . Do not even waste your money . I have the worst itchy rash on my legs now it will probably take 3 weeks to go away . Never buying this Jason 's junk anymore !
 I used this product off and on for about 4 weeks . Then woke up one morning with a severe rash and puffy eyes . I went to the doctor and got a perscription of prednisone . After using prednisone for 2 days , I came home from work removed my make up and applied the vitamin K cream , not know this cream was the problem . I ended up with a much worse reaction the next day . So bad I missed work , and went to urgent care on the weekend . So , I have two doctor visits one urgent care visit , and medicine to pay for , just for using this cream . Also , make sure you do not brush up against someone else using this cream and wash all pillow cases and sheets .
 This did n't do anything for me -- save your money . I did n't have the adverse reactions of some of the other commenters , but this was as good as using nothing for me . Avoid buying .
 Horrible allergic reaction after using product under the eyes ! I wish I would have read these reviews before purchasing.I 've been in terrible discomfort for 3 days even after discontinuing use of this product . I have severe itchy , swollen red eyes -- both lower and upper lids -- along with a stinging pain I can not even describe all over the eye area . Terrible product , and very irresponsible of this company to recommend to consumers that it is safe to use under eye area.I am so shocked since normally JASON Naturals make great products . However , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! Vitamin K Cr&egrave;me Plus 2 oz . 3 Ounces
 I bought this creme 3 weeks ago and have used it twice a day ever since ... that is until yesterday ! I woke up with redness under my left eye that itched like there was no tomorrow . Now the right eye is the same . This product is not worth it . I wished I would have never purchased it .
 This product created a rash on my wife 's eyes that lasted weeks and caused scarring . Only oral steroids helped it . This product contains an ingredient that seems to be toxic to her skin -- and clearly that of many others .
 I ordered this creme a few years back , because I saw a tiny spider vein pop up on my leg -LRB- it ended up going away on its own -RRB- . As soon as I put this stuff on my skin it started burning and turned purple . I tried using it a few more times and would have the same reaction.A friend of mine told me , she 'd take this creme off my hands if it was n't working for me , so I gave it to her . She called me the very next day , telling me her legs were covered in hives.Definitely something is not right with this product , if people continue reporting severe allergic reactions .
 I bought this excitedly today anticipating the effects it 'd have on my light undereye circles . I put it on and waited several hours before I looked in the mirror . I noticed that my undereye circles were suddenly more pronounced . -LRB- To be clear -- I was n't anticipating immediate results but was checking for any sort of reaction . -RRB- So I went online and read a few more reviews . I must have not been paying close attention before , as I did not see all the reviews noting increased redness and allergic reactions . I went immediately and rubbed it off . My skin has a slight redness but no itching or bumps . The area around my eyes looks very sensitive , as though I 've been crying and rubbing the sensitive skin around my eye.I am returning this tomorrow to the local organic grocery store and purchasing Vitamin K capsules instead . Too weary of this product ; I will not try this again .
 I started using this product about a month ago or 6 weeks ago , once per day . Approximately a week ago I noticed my eyelids stung a bit when I applied the creme , so I decided to discontinue using it for a while to give me skin a break . After not using the product for over a week , I woke up this morning with eyes so swollen I could barely open them . The skin all around my eyes is red , itchy , dry and swollen . This morning I tried cold compress and Benadryl , with no results , so I had to go to Urgent Care this afternoon . The Dr. said Vitamin K should never be used on the sensitive skin around the eyes , that any potency of it will eventually cause over sensitization and a flare up like mine . He gave me an Rx for a steroid cream , but says it may take many days for the redness and swelling to go down . It 's a shame Jason does n't put a warning on the bottle about not using on the skin surrounding your eyes , in fact they advertise it to be used to lighten under eye circles !
 I bought this cream thinking it would get rid of the two red spots on my nose -LRB- broken cappilaries -RRB- or greatly reduce the appearance of them , but it did not do anything at at with consistant use and it discolored my nose an orangish color . Would not reccomend this product for broken cappilaries .
 Naturtint 's ingredients -LRB- despite the fact it makes a big deal about using vegetable ingredients -RRB- are positively hair-raising . Like many dark hair dyes , Naturtint uses p-Phenylenediamine . This is in widespread use and here is what the Environmental Protection Agency has to say about it
 Quite possibly the worst hair color I 've ever tried.I bought this hair color at Whole Foods this weekend , because though I have a background in professional haircolor -LRB- among other things -RRB- I 'm allergic to fragrances and chemicals in common hair color now . Normally I use Color & Soin Hair Colour by Laboratoire les 3 CHNES which I 've absolutely loved , but it was n't available here on my trip to Florida , so I had to `` make do '' with what was ... and it 's destroyed my hair . Tangles , uneven grey-green blotching like a leopard , it 's fading down the drain and staining everything , and it did n't touch any of the rare silver hair that I do have , so they 're now highlighted against this ugly murk.I 'm stuck trying to figure out what to do to fix this , within my health limitations ... which is going to be a lot of fun . Thanks alot , Naturetint .
 Purchased this dye at a health food store for $ 15.99 believing it was all natural . In the matter of 15 minutes it started burning my scalp . I am suppose to keep this on my head for 30 to 45 minutes because of heavy grays . Rinsed hair , hair felt stripped of its natural oils , was tangled and noticed clumps of hair in my hand and sink . Well thank goodness for the conditioner which took some of the tangles but had to do a second treatment with my coconut oil . Once I was done with my hair project I decided to do a little GOOGLING and unfortunately this product is n't as safe as you might be led to believe . Will not buy again .
 Where to start ? First , this hair colro was WAY darker than it suggested.Second , as I rinsed it out my hair felt like straw . My hair has NEVER felt this way even after other commercial dyes . I had to trim the ends off of my hair myself after I dyed it because it was so dried out . Now I will have to drench my hair in product every day until this color I do n't even want grows out and my natural hair comes back .
 This is the first time i 've used this brand of hair color so I did n't know what to expect other than what i read from other users . I have to say it gets one star because it covered my gray and was easy to wipe of excess from my face , neck , ect.Other than that , I ca n't say anything positive about this product . I picked a color that was alot lighter than my hair color and my hair is now extremely dark brown almost black . Also it says that it is a permanent hair color but reading the box it states that it will wash out in 10 to 15 days . I have n't had it in my hair that long so I do n't know which is true.Basically I would n't recommend this and I do n't plan on using it again in the future .
 This product totally fried my hair . My hair is broken and damaged because of this product . I thought it would be better for my hair than the Clairol product I usually use , but it was a disaster .
 I wanted to try this product because I was looking for a non-ammonia permanent product . I have tried Naturcolor and Tints of Nature ; both of these have strengths and weaknesses I wo n't discuss here . Anyhow this brand seemed to have a loyal following that extended for years , so I thought I would try it . It contains monoethanolomine which is still an ammonia but without a smell ; it 's still a toxic substance . The product had another type of smell which was like wet wool and not very pleasant . The gray did n't cover and the color came out too warm .
 This stuff is terrible . I tried Naturtint 's 5M `` Light Mahogany Chestnut '' color because Feria discontinued my absolute favorite color , Cinnamon , and I have n't been as pleased with their other red colors . This color looked lovely on the box , and with all the great reviews it has I decided to give it a try . What I was going for was a deep red.First of all , do n't expect this dye to be gentle just because it 's in the organic section of the grocery store . It does n't contain ammonia , but this stuff is harsher feeling than any other hair dye I 've ever used . It left my hair feeling dry and parched , whereas whenever I use Feria , my hair feels softer than it did before , so that was really disappointing . My hair was hard to comb out after I washed the dye out , even after using the conditioner that came with it . The gloves that come in the kit are huge and do n't stay on well - you might as well wear plastic bags on your hands.But let 's get to most important part
 I had really bad luck with this product . I used it for the first time yesterday , and , even though I followed all of the directions and even contacted their customer service for advice before dying , it left me with bright orange `` hot roots '' and left my hair feeling very damaged and dry.I bought this in the Terracotta Blonde color -LRB- 7C -RRB- . Before purchasing it from Amazon , I went to the Naturtint website to check out the color chart , and then found it locally so I could see the color chart in person . Since I still was n't sure what color to get and was trying to go to a lighter red than my current color , I emailed a photo of my hair to Naturtint 's customer service email . Someone emailed me back right away with two suggested colors -- and so they definitely have excellent customer service!This color contain hydrogen peroxide , which means that it can lighten your hair over time . If you want to move to a lighter shade , you can use Naturtint to do so gradually , by slowly going down two shades at a time . The peroxide , however , is probably what makes this so drying on your hair ; it left my hair feeling awful afterwards.That being said , when I rinsed this out of my hair , it took forever to rinse and burned my eyes really badly as I was rinsing it out . It also left my hair feeling like straw , and I had very healthy hair to begin with . Even after using their shampoo and conditioner , my hair felt awful , so I did a deep treatment with one of my own hair masques , and that seemed to help a bit . Overall , though , my hair feels really dry and straw-like , and I had a lot of residual color left on my towels and pillowcase last night , which I 've never had before.When I told my stylist that I was going to start dying my own hair again , she said just to do an all-over color every four or five or so colorings when doing box color , and just touch up the roots in the meantime . I 'd like to do so , but this seems to be so damaging to my hair that I 'm not sure I want to use it again . Before now , I was using Robert Craig color , which left my hair in much nicer condition , but was more of a pain to use because you have to measure and mix up the color . I might go back to RC color , depending on how my hair recovers after I try to baby it the next few weeks .
 I really wanted it to work since I ca n't handle the amonia based color anymore . It did not cover the greys barely at all , which is my whole purpose for coloring my hair .
 I tried Wheat Germ hoping to get rid of some brass and overly light blonde hair . This color did not come out very well on me -LRB- I 'm naturally ashy but ` lift ' in the golden hue -RRB- . It did not look natural at all , but had a strange , almost ghostly lavender tint . What 's worse
 The color did come close to the color on three box and left my hair brown . My natural color is dark brown . It 's too expensive for lackluster results .
 I selected this product because it does n't have harsh ingredients and chemicals . Lucky me , I used it different 5 times and I still have to go to the salon to get it corrected -LRB- I should just have bit the bullet and gone to the salon from the get go -RRB- ! I started as a dark blonde -LRB- 7N -RRB- and I wanted to go a little lighter for spring so I selected the 9N . It turned my hair red , not strawberry blonde , but brassy reddish . I then got an 8N thinking it would tone it down but no , it stayed brassy red . I then tried the ash to soften the red and low and behold , banana yellow ! WHAT !!!!! I emailed the company and they said I need to mix the products so that the tones balance one another and you do n't get the red or yellow tint , and yes , you can use it right away . Okay , I combined 8N with 10A - as per email instructions from the company and guess what - YELLOW ! BANANA YELLOW ! I have an appointment at the salon this week to get this fixed .
 I bought this to touch up my roots . I have extremely curly hair so I tend not to worry too much about how hair color comes out -LRB- the curls disguise a lot -RRB- but if I was doing more than my roots I would be very displeased with this color ... it is pure brass .
 Naturtint - Permanent Hair Colorant-Ebony Black , 4.5 fl oz liquidI used this product on my beard on the advise of my hairdresser . The whole face broke out . It was painful for 2 days and large welts appeared where I had applied this product.It is ironic , since I asked my hairdresser especially after most of the products for men 's beards seem to cause the same type of allergic reaction . This was sold at my natural food store as a Natural Product . There is nothing natural about the chemicals in it . It just the name seems to suggest Nature . Good sales pitch . Not a very good product . That is why there are only 3 reviews .
 I first tried this product 6 months ago to cover my greys which I do n't have a lot of -LRB- 5 % of my hair -RRB- but since I have dark hair the greys are very noticeable . The first time I tried it I left it on my hair for 30 minutes as indicated and after rinsing it I realized every single grey hair was still there ! just as shiny and white as before . I used this on virgin hair and I do n't use hair products or even conditioner so I did n't have any build up that could interfere with coloring process . I figured that maybe it was because I had bought tint and left it in my bathroom for 6 months before I used it - but it was still over a year away from expiration.I decided to give this tint a second try today , fresh bottle just bought 4 days ago , made sure hair was saturated , this time I left the tint on for 45 minutes like another review had suggested and after rinsing . . still grey/white hair !! not even a bit tinted.I was so looking forward to hiding my greys with a product free of most chemicals found in other tints but I was hugely dissapointed .
 I bought the light dawn blonde on a recommendation from a client of mine that has perfect pale blonde hair , with very natural looking definition . I wanted mine like hers , because she looks like she goes to a salon but says she uses this dye . Her natural hair is darker than mine & I used this supposedly neutral color , which turned my dark caramel blonde hair ORANGE . Orange like a copper penny . With orange-juice colored highlights . It was awful . & my hair felt awful . Dry & stripped . I was sure it would start to break off & I 'd be bald with the way it felt . I should have just bought a 40 volume peroxide & doused my hair with that . The color would have been less orange & my hair would be in better condition & it would have been cheaper . This crap was $ 19 at whole foods . NEVER AGAIN ! Also , their hotline is not even for help with dying . It 's for merchants info or something . The one star is for the conditioner , which was decent . I fixed my hair by stripping it twice with Kenra lightener given to me by a salon student , cutting it shorter & months later , gradually dying it back to a dark blonde/light brown color . I 'm currently a caramel brown . I used a box of the John Frieda Foam in Cool Pearl Blonde & then a month later another box of John Frieda Foam in Light Brown . The John Frieda fixed my hair & saved my life , for now . Naturtint had me looking like crap & I now have years ahead of me to return to what I had before messing with this dye . What an awful mistake !
 What a disappointment !!! It 's my first purchase from Amazon that I absolutely wish I could return but live in C'bbean so return option wo n't make sense cost wise . The colour is PURPLE not chestnut as shown on website . I know colours may vary slightly but this is looking like I want to go trick-o-treating . Even the model on the box is different but same colour and number as I thought they sent me wrong colour . So , perhaps they should show it on website as the packaging is which would have told me it was purple and not what I thought I ordered and saw - chestnut.I do n't even have anyone to give this too - that would be too cruel !!!!
 I purchased this product at my local health foods store . I have light brown hair and I was attempting to lighten it a little bit , about 2 shades -- nothing major . On the box there is a photo showing a medium brown shade going up to a golden blonde , about a 4 shade difference.Well , I used this product as directed and there was absolutely no change in color . Not only that , but it left my hair feeling brittle and dry.BTW , this product is labeled as organic . According to the most recent issue of Consumer Reports magazine , there is no such thing as `` organic '' when it comes to beauty products . Meaning , there are no federal standards whatsoever , and any company can label its beauty product as organic , when , in fact , no organic ingredients are in the product whatsoever .
 I got this to make my brown hair look darker . It does look exactly like in the photo unfortunately . It was way blacker than I was hoping for , it 's a Jet Black . I just hope it will fade away and be lighter over time . I want to go lighter I think next time .
 I have been using Naturtint for 6 months and never had a problem , but this month there was a $ 5 discount on each box of color . Instead of just retouching my roots , I used both boxes and refreshed the color on all my medium long hair . Unfortunately , now it is knotted . I think Naturtint produced a bad batch of hair color and discounted the price.What is the best way to detangle my hair , now that it has become knotted?Which is better
 Never actually used but returned this product and bought something in a local health food store . I know many woman like this shade , but seeing it online I did n't notice that is was that shade . I should have known based on the name Mahogany , so this was my mistake and does n't reflect the product itself .
 I bought this based on reviews & a recommendation from a client with beautiful hair color . Big mistake . It turned my dark honey blonde hair COPPER orange with orange juice-colored highlights & left my hair brittle & dry . I was convinced that my hair was going to fall out . I could n't believe the color . I fixed my hair -LRB- sort of -RRB- after several processes of stripping it & re-coloring it over the past 3 months . I also had to chop off 3 inches because of this dye & how it left my hair . I ended up `` fixing '' it by stripping it with Kenra lightener & then re-coloring with a few John Frieda foams . I 'm still not out of the woods . I 'll have to keep cutting my hair as it grows out because it 's been damaged so badly by this dye . It will be years before my hair is back to an acceptable state . I hate this dye !!! Never again!Thankfully , the John Frieda dye has restored some of the texture back into my hair & returned it to a healthier condition . My hair felt better even after bleaching than after this dye . I still ca n't believe how bad this ended up turning out . Also , the smell is just as bad as any other `` toxic '' dye . Burned my eyes & scalp & bothered my bf who was n't even in the bathroom with me as I dyed .
 This is one of those products that claims to be natural and free of harsh chemicals , but actually does n't mention that it contains one of the worst chemicals for your health
 This so-called `` natural '' hair color still contains the 3 most toxic ingredients
 I die my hair the same shade as my natural color just to keep it shiny and get rid of the red tones caused by the sun . This did n't have too bad of a smell and came out the shade I expected , but it was extraordinarily drying . The conditioner it comes with does n't seem to moisturize at all and even after using other heavy duty masks and moisture treatments , my hair is still struggling to recover . Previously I had been using natural match and natural instincts which I will be going back to . I 'd like to go the natural route , but really dislike having straw for hair .
 I like others do n't want all the chemicals , so I switched to henna . Henna was too much a PITA , so after it was all cut out , I went to Aveda . Aveda is too much money , and with naturally red hair with stubborn grays , and wanting to stay my natural red , as you can imagine , I 'd have to go every month to do so . So I was looking for an alternative to the PITA henna and the too expensive Aveda.I thought I had it here . Looking at the color chart/expected results , I picked this color . Now I know the results are n't guaranteed , but any color I 've used in the past has always been close , if you match your natural color to the start pic . This was NO WHERE CLOSE !! This should have been a warm medium auburn , more on the red side of auburn than the brown side . So pretty much my natural hair color . NOT ! This turned out to be a beyond FAKE looking red - it screamed I dyed my hair !!! Not what I was looking for , I can get far more natural color from Nice & Easy than what I got here.To top it off , it did not take evenly at all . I 've dyed my hair many of times , never had problems with uneven results . My hair was drenched , gone though many times to make sure it was all evenly distributed , etc. . Yet I have pieces that do n't even look touched , and many of those are in the very front , where anyone who has ever colored their hair , knows this is the easiest spot to make sure you have it all applied evenly . So I 'm not sure what the deal is with this stuff . But I wo n't be trying again . Oh , and it did n't even cover all my gray -LRB- which is n't even 10 % of my hair -RRB- , in the spots where there is this new hideous color . Now I have stubborn gray , but I left it on the additional time per the directions , so it should have at least covered them.Needless to say , I 'll be calling Aveda in the morning to fix this mess .
 I 've used this product twice , after never having colored my hair before . The first time , I used a dark brown color to conceal my grey , and it was successful . The second time , many months later , I used a lighter color . It COMPLETELY destroyed my hair ! My hair is now frizzy , regardless of how I style it . Some formerly straight strands appear to be wavy/curly , and it is so brittle and dry that I am afraid to brush it . Obviously , I will never use this product again .
 It turned my hair bright yellow ! It looks awful so I now have to get it fixed professionally . I followed all of the directions carefully , so I 'm not sure why this happened .
 I tested this product at a local health food store . After sampling about 12 other vitamin C serums , I found this to be light on the skin and easily absorbed . The product was clear and felt nice on my skin . HOWEVER , when I received this product it was obviously out-dated and old , as it was dark in color , thick and sticky ! Completely unusable and ineffective.I tried to return the product , but this seller claims that they only sell it -LRB- but argues they get it directly from the maker -RRB- . The seller has neither corrected the situation nor returned my money ! They can not rightly claim that they can sell defective products with no accountability . BUYER BEWARE ! If I could give them ZERO stars , I would . I 've always thought Jason to be a reputable company , but now I 'm not so sure .
 The advertising for this so called miracle cure should have been the first red flag but somehow I believed this just might work . It does n't and it angers me to know I fell for the hype . The packaging looks so professional and the cost was high enough that it gave the impression of a valuable product . It is n't . I am Italian and Greek and there is n't anything that will erase heredity and that is what most dark under eye circles are caused by . If yours are from lack of sleep , get more sleep . It they 're from allergies , take Claritin but do n't throw away $ 100.00 plus on this tube of nothing . It is not worth the money and ca n't do what is promised . Please , just judge this product by the advertising picture . It looks as if someone used black paint under the eyes of the model and then the after picture is perfect and they insinuate their product made the difference.The company that markets this useless cream is called `` Basic Research . '' Let that be a lesson to all of us , do some basic research first , before throwing away money on garbage . Macy 's and Amazon should immediately pull this item . To do less would ruin the credibility of both companies , currently held in high regardUPDATE
 I have tried many different products for reducing dark circles under my eyes and so far nothing works . I am 33 and i really suffer from serious panda like dark circles . I heard from my sisters about Hylexin and I thought ok let me give it a try , since the ad says `` helps reduce SERIOUS dark circles '' . I have been using it for over a month , and nothing , no improvement at all . Besides it is kinda expensive too . One word , save your time and money . I believe the only thing might reduce them is surgery if available .
 I have to agree with Mr. Racoon Eye 's review . I applied the product religiously twice a day as instructed . I do not have a problem with bags only dark circles . After 30 days with no improvement , I returned it . I 'll stick with Elizabeth Arden 's Eye Wish . Much better product at a much cheaper price .
 Why are companies allowed to lie to people this way ? I used an entire tube of this product and my dark circles are EXACTLY the same . DO NOT buy this product . These are con artists .
 And I was fooled . When I read about it in a magazine , I thought Finally , something the sounds like it will really get rid of the dark circles under my eyes . I 've had them since high school and they just seem to get worse as I get older . I 'm into my third week of applying the cream religiously with no visible change . I 'll try to return the rest of the tube to Macy 's for a refund -LRB- wish me luck -RRB- .
 I fell for the hype and now am out quite a bit of money ... . Save your money , trust me ! I used this product 2-3 times a day until the entire tube was gone -LRB- took several months -RRB- and saw NO change whatsoever ! I have serious dark circles , which is what it claims to help . I am VERY disappointed with this company and their product and will never buy any item with their name on it again ! What a bunch of crap ... . BTW - check out * all * the reviews on this product , they listed it in several places here - make sure you go see all the reviews -LRB- because there are a lot of them and they will help you make a good decision ! -RRB-
 I actually went to a mall and a shop assistant at a retail store recommended this product so I paid $ 95 hard earned dollars on it thinking it 's expensive but it it works its ok.As others have remarked it did not do a damn thing to my dark eye circles so my personal hunt for a great product that actually works goes on.Also I am wondering why most dark eye treats cost over $ 50 ?
 I bought hylexin from 101BeautyStore . Before purchasing it I emailed him and asked the expiration date and if the item was original . I received an email back claiming that the item is fresh and genuine . Everything has gone normal until the use of 1/3 of the cream . After 1/3 has been used another 1/3 was full of liquid inside . The expiration date was good but the originality of the item is a big question mark ???? By the way the good effect of the eye cream is far away then the ones I used before . The item is not original and genuine . DO N'T BUY FROM HIM !!!!
 Some improvement , but not worth that kind of money . I 'll stick with ROC Eye Treatment .
 Hylexin Serious Dark Circles by Bremenn Research Labs - 0.78 ozI thought since it was expensive that it worth trying , I feel sorry for spending my last dollars on this productI paid 95 $ for the first one and used it all , and got no results at all , I was so deceived that I even bought one for a friend and she did not get any results at all.Then I thought may be I have to get another one so I get longer treatment , I wasted my 95 $ again.I did not see any results my dark circles stayed the same .
 I used it for a month and nothing changed my dark circles . I had to call up the representative and tell him that it was waste of $ 95 .
 I know this is n't a tip-sharing site but I feel like you all saved me money by reading your reviews so I thought I would share a product that worked for me . MD Skincare 's Lift and Lighten Eye Cream has worked better than anything I have tried . It did n't rid me completely of dark circles but I was sometimes able to go without cover-up and I 've never been able to do that since I started wearing make up . It 's also a little expensive but you can return it if it does n't work . I would say you should see results in about two weeks otherwise , it may not work for you . Good luck .
 After 8 weeks of consistent use , I see no change . My dark circles are a family trait , and I emailed the company before purchase to ask if it worked for inherited dark circles . The respondent assured me it worked for ANY dark circles .
 After reading their website , I had expectations for this product . Folks , this thing does not work !
 it didnt do anything for me . its not cheap and i wouldnt mind if it was effectivebut its not
 I purchased this product at Macy 's Dept. Store because it claimed to reduce the under eye puffiness and dark circles . This product does not work . I used it morning and night with no results .
 this is another scam and bogus product from the Basic Research company who is always being sued
 Terrific ! Another overpriced , supposedly miraculous little product from the folks who brought us the other overpriced , supposedly miraculous little product known as Stri-Vectin . Give me a break!Save your dough , folks !
 Hylexin did not work for me . I still have dark circles under my eyes and now I am $ 95 poorer . Maybe my dark circles were n't SERIOUS enough ...
 i 've been using this product for over a week and have seen NO IMPROVEMENT . That 's acceptable if it cost $ 5.00 - but at $ 95.00 a tube this is ridiculous . Do n't be fooled like I was , now I have dark circles AND out a hundred bucks !
 I feel there has been too much `` hype '' over this product . I 've used the $ 95 worth and have had no results . I 'm disappointed ; but I 'm happy there are reviewers who like the product .
 Admittedly , I have n't tried this Hylexin stuff but I picked up a tube of Neutrogena 's Radiance Boost Eye Cream at Walmart for $ 11 . `` How expensive ! '' I thought to myself as I checked out , but two weeks later I 'm glad I found it . It 's slowly making a difference . My mom had told me about Hylexin but she did n't mention how much it costs . Now I know.To all my fellow racoon eye folks , `` Good Luck ! ''
 I really wanted this to work . I have serious dark circles under my eyes and have tried everything else . But I 've been using this twice a day for two months and I have n't noticed any improvement at all . Not even a little . In fact , my eyes might actually look worse . It has not faded the dark circles , nor has it improved the bags .
 Hylexin was a waste of my hard earned money . I have been using a product called Ocuderm and getting great results . I wish I had heard about it sooner . My dermatologist told me about Ocuderm . I love it , the results have been great . Stay clear of Hylexin it is a rip off .
 I am ashamed to admit , I bought into the hype around Hylexin after reading a review in a fashion magazine which will remain nameless . And I used it for nearly a month ... and then returned it . -LRB- Fortunately , Sephora asks no questions - with my receipt in hand , they took the product back with no worries . Or maybe they get a lot of Hylexin returned . -RRB- I have had dark circles under my eyes all my life - the kind that do n't change with sleep patterns , water , or creams . I 'm getting resigned to it . And I really wanted this product to work . I just have never met or heard of anyone -LRB- reliable -RRB- who 's had success with this product . And that should be enough to keep me from ever spending $ 95 again on a fad.If you 're hung up on getting rid of dark circles , you may never get rid of them , but you can hide them well , and sleep and a good moisturizer do help . I 've found that Becca , Cle de Peau , and Amazing all have concealers that , when properly matched to your skin tone , work wonders . But this cream basically does nothing for a whole lot of money .
 I really wanted this to work . I have serious dark circles under my eyes and have tried everything else . But I 've been using this twice a day for two months and I have n't noticed any improvement at all . Not even a little . In fact , my eyes might actually look worse . It has not faded the dark circles , nor has it improved the bags .
 I 've been using Hylexin for three months -LRB- twice a day -RRB- to treat my genetic dark circles . So far there are no visible results . I am very disappointed with this product . It is very expensive and I would not buy it again .
 I used this product twice a day for six months and saw no improvement . As far as I 'm concerned I wasted $ 95.00 .
 I have not tried this product -- and given what I have read , I will not.I would urge anyone considering purchasing this very-expensive product to consult Paula Begoin 's website , cosmetic.cop.com ; while she has her own line of makeup products , she is quite fair in her reviews of other products , and anyone reading about the company who makes Hylexin and StriVectin -LRB- yes , they are connected -RRB- would surely run in the opposite direction .
 I have used the product for over 3 weeks , twice a day , just as the instruction suggests . I have noticed no difference at all , my dark circle is still the first thing I see whenev I look into the mirror . It 's not worth the money .
 What a waste of money this was ! Please do not believe a word - does not get rid of dark circles , does not get rid of puffiness . Does absolutely nothing !
 I was disappointed with the product I recieved because it was not the same as what is shown in the picture and was not the product I wanted . Though it was the batherapy brand , I was looking for the one that helped with aches and pains as shown in the photo . The one I recieved wasnt ' it .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 It did not have the smell . I think it was old . I ordered multiple and I was not happy with the product .
 Two stars for not causing any damage but not doing anything useful , either . I saw no difference in my sun and age-related spots , and no increased glow or anything . Whatever it did at a cellular level did n't show up anywhere I could see it . This was my opinion of a few products I tried over the last year or so .
 I 've been using a light glycolic acid peel for years with great results . For the last 6 months I 've been using the `` Aqua Glycolic '' skin care line , which includes a face wash , toner , face cream , body wash and body cream . I used to have really bad cystic acne along my jawline , but Aqua Glycolic products changed my life . I do n't use all of their products every day anymore , but I use at least the face cream once every 3 days to keep up my smooth clear skin.My skin has been really great , but since I 'm getting married late October , I thought it would be great to try a stronger peel . I want to look my best for my wedding day and since I 've had great results with glycolic acid in general , Glyco-Lac/60 seemed to be the next logical step.WRONG ! I kept it on for about 1 minute and rinsed it off with tons of water in the shower . My face felt a little sensitive , but no big deal . Within 5 hours , I could feel a whole crop of pimples developing along my jawline . Since I have n't had any breakouts for over 6 months , this was quite surprising . By the next morning , my entire jawline was covered with huge cystic swollen acne.It 's been 4 days and I 'm getting even more acne . I do n't know what to do because my wedding is 21 days away ! I need this to go away quick . I 'm so surprised because I 'm no stranger to glycolic acid and I only left it on for 1 minute . Also , since I 've had such good experience with glycolic acid in the past , I could n't imagine this happening . Could it be purging my skin of any leftover stuff in my pores ? That would be ok , but I hope it finishes the process sooner than later . I guess I 'm wearing my hair down for the wedding!I read and followed all the instructions , but everyone is different . I even did a patch test on the inside of my arm . I nearly covered from wrist to bicep and left it on for 1-2 minutes . My arm is just fine and nothing happened whatsoever , so I proceeded to apply it to my face.I 'm glad to hear that most everyone else had a great experience . I just wanted to share a different type of experience with those who may be sensitive to this product . I should have left well enough alone ! I just though there was enough downtime to deal with any after effects of the peel ,
 I 've had peels at the dermatologist 's office before so maybe that was the problem . The strengths of these peels definitely do not compare . No tingling , no nothing . I have to step up the strength or maybe use an unbuffered version I guess .
 I have had professional chemical peels and have done some at home peel/exfoliate products in the past . This product is dangerous to use and I am still suffering the results 6 days after I used it . It burned my skin -LRB- left it on the 4 minutes suggested -RRB- ... not discomfort while doing it . I did not go near my eyes with the product . Hours later , both eyes were puffy , one was actually quite swollen underneath and bruised with reds and light purples . The redness and puffiness has finally begun to subside -LRB- 6 days later -RRB- The worst part is that the swelling accentuates the creases and lines around my eyes and the skin around my left eye looks about 20 years older than I am -LRB- I am 47 -RRB- . I highly recommend NOT buying this product .
 I am a brown complexion african american female . I purchased this product with the intent that it would lighten the dark marks on my legs . I only used it in my face once and it burned like hell . Ultimately , I did a series of four treatments over four weeks . There is absolutely no difference in my dark marks except that they are a little lighter ... just by maybe one shade . If I were to purchase another peel , I would definitely get a higher strength . This one does n't peel at all . It was my first time , and now I know what to expect . Two stars because I was fooled by the reviews on this product , They are extremely overrated and I 'm just here to be real and tell the TRUTH .
 I was excited about this product . I used to use Coates Aloe Glycolic acid but I can no longer get it . So I bought this stuff after reading many positive reviews . Weirdly I now have red dots all over my right cheek , I think burn marks and started getting acne , which I 've never had.I 'm hoping over time red marks will go away . I think I must have had some kind of reaction -- which I hope is not permanent
 I wanted to give this a month or so before I commented on what I thought , I got it around the 1st week of Nov and I have been using it once a week , I dont really see a difference at all in my face ? I did have a zit on my lower cheek and I spot treated there , I dont know hopefully it looks okay but it didnt today ... also around that area it looks like I fell and scabbed my face , I noticed that happened in another area last time , and the 1st time this patch by my eye got dry and started peeling then I got another patch by my nose , I dont know I dont really see an improvement yet ?
 I read each Amazon review on this product before I made my purchase and so I had full confidence in using this product the night before Valentine 's . BIG MISTAKE ! I left it on for only 50 seconds and the next day I 'm left with a line through my upper lip ... I was embarrassed to walk outside with a red looking mustache!I put pure aloe vera on it in hopes for it to soothe the burning , but that was a challenge in itself as well . My face felt so tight , it hurt to open my mouth wide enough to eat anything.Today is day two and I see light peeling and my red mustache is now a dark brownish color . I hope this chemical did n't burn my skin and left a scar ! : -LRB-
 This product is so so ... not as strong as I have been used to in the past .
 Hello , I have brought this a few days before it arrived pretty fast . . !! the very next day . . !! its actually my very first chemical peel i have some scaring on my face due to acne which i have been getting since i was a teen ager -LRB- now 24 -RRB- i have a fair complextion but very uneven n dull as well as dark under eye circles . . !! I have used this peel accouding to the directions and left it on for 2 min . . then rinsed very well for a long time . . !! my face has tingling n burning effect which lasted a few hrs and was left with red spots on my face . . !! I really dont see any diffrence in my face exept for those ugly red spots on my left cheek n chin i hope thses spots go away soon and i hope this thing disnt burn my face . . !!! WILL Continue to edit this if i see any healing
 Based on the product description it 's a light chemical peel . What is a definition of light ? I did n't feel or see any peeling at all . I 'm very disappointed . Will not buy any product from this company again .
 I purchased Cal-Metab Plus and Deep Drainage for the purpose of detoxification -LRB- the entire program actually , but it starts with those two -RRB- . Before I started this , I was already on Weight Watchers losing weight quite nicely -LRB- am close to my goal weight now -RRB- . I never believed in pills for a substitute of healthy diet and exercise . Anyhow , according to my counselor -LRB- who gets nice commissions for it for sure -RRB- , these products are an important part of detoxification which is necessary -- as it is the basis for good health . It seemed to make sense at the time , enough for us to spend nearly a couple of thousands dollars on this . So far I am not impressed . I have done detoxifications programs in the past and you saw results with those -LRB- let 's not get further into that :--RRB- -RRB- -- I do n't see anything with these pills . It 's like taking sugar pills . It was not a good investment for us . Mind you , at least the other topics the counselor talked about were quite educational -- as well as the couple of pdf books he provided us . Strangely enough , our counselor 's website does n't even mention this product line . He only sells it over cruise lines , but does n't recommend it to his web visitors . I suppose that says it all . This being said , the guy has to make a living somehow ... Would I spend this money again on such `` programs '' ? - no way .
 Two months into a 3-month herbal detox which included Elemis Deep Drainage , Cal-Metab Plus , Vitality , and Silhoutte , I started feeling nauseated , headaches , off-balance , dizzy , insomnia , night sweats , fatigue , increased heart palpitations , hot spots on my skin , confused , memory loss , high blood pressure which is not norm for me . Looked up ingredients one by one and found that 3 different ingredients had the side-effects I was experiencing so I stopped taking the supplement.Docs are testing kidneys , pancreas , liver and gallbladder and feel my body was stressed by the detox which may take up to 3 months to get back to norm .
 This product was a complete waste of money , It does nothing to help you loose weight of speed up your system . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IT A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 I bought 1 packet on a Caribbean cruise , it was supposed to be a `` powerful diuretic '' and it had to used 1/2 packet in tub of warm water for 1 hour soak . They told me it would pull all the fluid out of my heel and foot , after the 2nd soak I noticed very little difference though it did feel good on my feet with the different herbs and make my feet feel softer , but not a detox effect like they stated . It was $ 18.00 a packet and not worth it . They wanted me to buy a lot more , but I did n't and also the muscleease oil . Still not sure if I will buy that after I read the other reviews . I give it a 1 star , it was more hype than actual detoxing . I never buy what they recommend as it usually is not a good deal or too good to be true , plus you pay an upcharge of at least 15 % on the ships .
 I just purchased over $ 300 of Elemis Cellutox Active Body Concentrate and Bath Detox . The bath was supposed to pull out the toxins . I bought this on a Norwegian Cruise this spring after a couple 50 min . sales talks and lots of hype about how it would pull out the toxins and a person would could expect to lose 15 lbs . I followed the directions religiously for 3 weeks and my bath water did n't turn brown , my skin did n't tighten , no weight loss . I took the 30 min . baths twice per week just like directed and nothing changed for me .
 I used it for a few weeks , and did not see any difference in the cellulites .
 No change in skin tone or appearance . Way to expensive . I even bought the dry brush to use with it .
 I bought this product during a cruise along with another Elemis lotion after having a 50 minute session of ionithermie to flatten my stomach . The girl at the spa expected me to buy over $ 2000 in products to continue the effects of the ionithermie . Do n't waste your money . I wasted over $ 300 on a procedure and lotion . My arms , stomach , and thighs seem tighter , but I also workout , drink plenty of water , and massage the area as directed with the lotions .
 The product is very good . But , cover is too bad . so , contents leaked out.The product is very good . But , cover is too bad . so , contents leaked out .
 I bought this based on reviews . I am disappointed after having used it for nearly two weeks.Two reasons can be given . -LSB- 1 -RSB- The liquid soap is not thick -LRB- like most hand wash soaps are -RRB- and therefore it is difficult to apply to the bath sponge/brush . You use more than you might need . -LSB- 2 -RSB- The perfume is not as pleasant . I expected more . We have used Zest aqua marina and it ranks much better.I will not buy it again and if I could return , will do so .
 I used this for the first time today , about 8 hours ago , and my eyes are still burning . Do NOT use this on your face at all , or on your private parts . It says not to get this in your eyes on the bottle , but I did n't get it in my eyes ... I just lathered it up and washed my face quickly . Bad mistake . It immediately started burning around my eyes , especially under them and now I have to bright red blotches . If you get this , do n't use it on your face or genitals - you 'll regret it .
 The soap , without the Tea Tree oil is outstanding , as usual . However , the Tea Tree smells like tar . It is not a pleasant odor . In the future , I will stick with the Peppermint .
 We used to use Nature 's Gate peppermint soap -LRB- they call it `` purifying '' -RRB- . They stopped making the 1 gallon size though , and I do n't like the idea of buying ten times as many 12oz bottles.We tried the Dr. Bronner 's soap because it comes in a 1 gallon size , and we liked what we 'd read about the ingredients , etc. . After using the soap , we immediately discovered a few things we did n't really care for.The first thing we noticed is that the smell is a bit ... `` off '' . It does n't smell as minty as the other brands we tried , and there 's a faint undertone of burnt french fries . Kind of off-putting for a hand soap.Also , the `` feel '' of the soap is weird . It 's much less viscous -LRB- ie
 the reason i purchased this was because i read some review on pintrest that it works to clean pans . Well first it has palm oil and 2nd who the heck writes such junk on a bottle ? the thing creeped me out .
 I returned this item because I was sent something with hemp in it , which is clearly not mentioned in the add . I was contacted by someone apologizing and assisted me to return and get a refund , and they said as consideration they would send me a different peppermint body wash to try , only that was three months ago and I still have n't seen it , so I am reposting my review of it.Don ' t order , you do n't get what is listed , they send you the peppermint that has hemp in it and it feels extra oily .
 I hope you like pain - because that is exactly what you will experience when you use this product . First , your eyes will burn like hell then , your privates will get a sensation that is not necessary good . I would return this , but the shipping costs make it not worth it .
 I ADORE Dr. Bronner 's liquid soaps and I only bathe in them . I have been using the unscented one for ages and wanted to try something new . Luckily for me , I 've ordered the smallest bottle of almond scent . Hated it!I 'll stick with what 's best
 If I use this product in a bath soak more than once in a row I get itchy skin . So does my daughter . In fact , she gets a reaction after using just once . We 're both fair skinned red heads . It 's too expensive to use for general cleaning . -LRB- It does keep the bathtub clean -RRB- It may be a great product for some people . Just not me .
 I used to use this soap until I found out the company uses palm oil . Palm oil production is pushing orangutans to near extinction in violent and painful ways . I 'd like to use this product if they would use an oil that is n't harmful to wildlife . Sidenote
 WORST . SOAP . EVER.do NOT buy!will dry out your hands like crazy!smells pretty bad toolike poo and rosesevery time i try a natural soap , it dries out my hands like insane!my skin on my finger even split!HATE it!well , on the bright side , i can buy the gallon of wal-mart soap insteadit might have bad ingredients , but it feels nice and my skin doesnt feel like hating it
 I purchased this product to use for cleaning my cookie sheets . It did n't work like I thought it would , which is fine , but what I really did n't like is that it made everything it touched turn orange and rusty . I got it on my nice stovetop griddle , and the thing now looks like I left it out in the rain for 3 years . Now I treat this stuff like acid . If it 's open , I have gloves and wo n't touch anything with it .
 Something in the product 's fragrance profile resembled vomit to me , to the extent that I became nauseated while using the soap for laundry . I generally love rose-scented products . As this was a very unpleasant experience , hopefully I am the only person who will have this experience . Also when I used it in cold water , the soap solidified on clothes . I am looking forward to trying the unscented version , for hot & warm washes .
 I read all the great reviews on this so i was excited to get this . Well , my first test was a load of dishes . Most dish soaps dries out my hands . So the smell was wonderful , really like that . But my hands started burning in it and when I was done they were immediately so dry that my skin split on my finger . Bummed . I really had hoped that I could find a dish soap alternative . I 'll keep looking for a gentle dish soap .
 i ordered it because my 14 month old has sensitive skin . it gave her a rash immediately after bathing her . i stopped using it for her since the first use . i used it for myself and it left this weird sticky feeling on my skin .
 I have used Dr. Bronner 's soaps for decades . They were highly concentrated , excellent at removing grease and oils , and rinsed off easily . I quit using them when they changed their formula and diluted it . I decided to try it again and was really disappointed.The description does n't mention the first ingredient , water . `` Pure soap '' does n't contain water . While it says it is `` concentrated '' that is not a clearly defined term . It takes about a tablespoon to equal what used to take just a couple of drops . This is now something you use right out of the bottle , not something you dilute for everyday use . It is even thinner there is a distinct difference in the color . It used to be a dark amber , now it is so light you can easily see through it.To make matters worse it is no longer good at dissolving oils , not even perspiration . It used to be my favorite soap after playing mechanic with grease on my hands . This stuff needs to used it twice to remove heavy perspiration.This is misrepresented as a concentrate and not very good cleanser . It has lots of cool ingredients , but is not a good soap .
 I received this product quickly but it seemed too dilute . I purchased another bottle from Target and confirmed . Still smells great though .
 I had just finished my bottle that I purchased at a retail store and opened this 32 ounce bottle to use today . I am beyond disappointed this this is a watered down version of Bronner 's soaps ! Unfortunately the window to request a return has elapsed , but I want to advise those who consider purchasing this soap from this vender to reconsider . I could have paid more locally and enjoyed the thick soap that I am used to .
 This particular Vendor I ordered through on AMAZON.com ... sent me a Watered down version of a Soap I have been using for over 20 years , and I recognized immediately that is was like a thin liquid instead of the firm consistency it has Always had . Reached customer service and offered to mail this one back in exchange for a New one ... she said `` no Bother ... keep it ... something must have happened ... like it spilled and perhaps they added water to fill back up '' ... . she apoligized , was nice and said they would send a New One right away ... and they were anxious to hear if Soap had actually changed or if it was Just that particular bottle.New bottle NEVER CAME ... and I Paid for the watered down version I have ... cs ' it actually cost too much to mail back . I Never write a review ... do n't have the time ... but I made Sure to write this one when it popped up in my email ... because I will NEVER Order this one from AMAZON again ... ever . extremely dissapointed !!!! B.B.
 I researched the hell out of Dr. Bronner 's when I wanted a more natural shampoo/soap , and it received nothing but positive responses - so I bought it in Peppermint . The smell is lovely , but it DOES NOT wash my hair , though it is advertised as an 18-in-1 magic soap - shampoo included.Let me preface by saying I have VERY thick hair.The first time I noticed that it was n't clean was while I was camping . After a shower , the back of my hair felt wet and heavy for WAY too long , so I checked it out in the bathroom , and it looked like my hair was greasy and filled with residue . At first I dismissed it based on the water pressure from camping.When I returned home , I used Dr. Bronner 's on my hair two days in a row , taking special care to make sure my hair was completely rinsed . By the second day , my hair was gnarly and matted in the back.Unfortunately , even using this as a body wash makes my skin feel tight.I REALLY wanted to like this shampoo . I was hoping it would change my life .
 Product arrived with a faulty seal . Fragrance had dissipated . Only a vague resemblance to the quality I know and associate with Dr. Bronner . Nobody 's fault . Things happen .
 The fragrance is wonderful and I feel great that it 's natural , but I hate this soap . First , it does not lather , no matter how much you use or rub . Second , it is so liquid that you ca n't really use it in a pump because when you pump it will spray out and make a mess . I just do n't feel clean after using . There are too many better organic soaps out there . I never tried the other options for Dr. Bonner , so perhaps it 's just lavendar.On the positive side , it does smell nice .
 I really love this peppermint soap for many good reasons and use it for various things . Finding it online at that price was great ... only to have it delivered and upon opening the box find that the company sent me a baby unscented fragrance-free bottle of Dr. Bronners ! The box and packaging label said peppermint . I tried to return it but UPS never came to pickup and so I refused to do the back and forth over such a small item . But I wo n't make that mistake again . Target was very sloppy on this one , Amazon never followed up and UPS was as usual unconcerened about customer satisfaction .
 I 've had psoriasis for a few years now , and recently discovered that the ingredients in the soap I was using could be making it worse , or even causing it . I promptly stopped using it and ordered this soap because it used all organic ingredients . For a week while I waited for my order to arrive I showered using water only , and after 3 days my psoriasis was completely gone . However , after 3 days of using this soap my psoriasis was back and worse than ever . I will not be ordering any more of this soap .
 Despite all claims , I was not pleased with this product as a laundry soap . While it filled the laundry room with a wonderful aroma , it did a poor job of cleaning my clothes , leaving them dingy and dull .
 I purchased this soap to help my dry skin problem , but it just did n't work . I still have to wash my hands and then apply a cream .
 I bought this product to help transition into a `` no poo '' routine . It worked well the first day but the second time I washed my hair with it my hair felt so dirty . The only way I can describe it is that it felt like I had gone swimming in a chlorinated pool . It was n't greasy but it felt grimmy and was completely unmanageable which really does n't help when you have to go to work . There is a light citrus scent so I am going to try and use it as a body wash and I will update my review if that works out well . Keeping my fingers crossed it does n't make my skin feel like chlorine .
 Whatever you do , do n't get this stuff in your eyes . And remember to dilute it for showering/shampooing . I got it in my eyes , full strength , and I spent the next hour wondering if I would need to go to the emergency room . Fortunately I had some eye wash on hand -- a lot -- and used it constantly . This is nasty stuff .
 I loved the smell of this soap but the suds would last for a minute or two & then you were left with a yucky looking water.Oh , for a product that would suds , be safe & do the job .
 so I was having serious acne issues and a friend suggested this soap because that 's what his mother got him and his brother when they had acne issues . I researched tons of reviews that raved about this product so I bought it . I really wish I did n't waste almost $ 20 on this useless product . its supposedly `` magic soap '' that can clean anything and is super effective etc etc. what a load of crap . I tried it out for the acne issue - it only made my skin 100000000x worse , I tried it as a kitchen cleaning product because it supposedly can clean grease etc - this soap did n't do much in here either , and then I tried it for various other suggested cleaning . my conclusion ? this soap is not magic , it is n't worth it , and does n't clean any better than the products I originally used . actually it did n't really clean anything other than simple messes that could have easily been cleaned by anything , even a simple wet paper towel . I never write reviews on anything , but I 'm taking the time to write this because I honestly wish I never wasted my money on this product , I had such high expectations and it completely failed and was a WASTE
 This soap made me realize how much I like soap lather . I never felt clean using this because it does n't lather . I would use some with a loofa , and I 'd have to add more 2-3 a shower session . I was going through way more of this than I would regular body wash ! I 'm sure it was cleaning just fine , but I have oily skin and need the &#34; reassurance &#34; soap lather provides.Basically , if you have OCD like me you may want to avoid this soap .
 Among organic gardeners all have great praise for this product . While using it at the recommended dilution , I had poor control of the insect named `` cabbage worm '' perhaps a stronger mixture applied more frequently is the solution .
 this does n't smell like tea tree I have used in the past . I think it smells like pine sol.I have used it twice in the shower after doing a dirty job , rinsed , then used the hemp almond to cover the smell . Not sure what to do with the rest of the bottle .
 I like the ingredients of this soap and it does get your hands clean but it 's a pain to use in a soap dispenser . This stuff shoots out like a firehose in my Williams-Sonoma soap dispenser and then after awhile , it would clog up the dispenser pump . I tried diluting it but this did n't help much . I found it works best by just using it out of the container it comes in but then the lid gets all mucked up with soap residue . My recommendation is to go with Dr. Bronner soap bars instead .
 Dr. Bronner 's Peppermint.Pros - a thorough cleanser for product loaded hair . Scalp did not break out in acne.Cons - do not wash face skin or any other skin with this soap . It makes me breakout in acne on face & back . Makes rash breakout on legs and arms.I wanted to love this product . I spent a lot of money , $ 10 for a liquid soap , hoping it would be good for everything . It 's good only for washing very dirty hair , and only if you can wash hair without Dr. Bronner 's touching your skin .
 Over this past weekend I took a shot of Dr. Bronner 's liquid Pure Castile soap to my right eye while trying to clean out the bottle spout -LRB- clogs up all the time -RRB- . I spent 10 hours overnight in pain while trying to wash it out every 90 minutes . The following morning I went to see a physician who determined my cornea cells were damaged 3 + layers deep . The physician numbed my eye , put me on pain relievers and antibiotics . I next saw my optometrist . He confirmed that my cornea was damaged , and concluded I had received chemical burns which damaged the outer layers of the corner and my vision was 20/100 vision . As the optometrist viewed my eye under a dye -LRB- blue is normal , green is scratched -RRB- , my entire right eye glowed green . The eye has been swollen for the last two days and very sensitive to light . The pain was excruciating -LRB- magnify a scratch in your eye 100 times kind of excruciating -RRB- . The good news is the cornea heals quickly and my vision should be back to normal after 3-4 days . The soap cleans well and is all natural according to the label , but all natural does n't mean safe . Based on the damage to my eye and the risk of this happening to my family , this soap is gone and gets a thumb 's down from me .
 I like the soap but it is a problem to dispense . It is always curing and dries and crusts up . In other words whatever pump dispenser you use will clog up and and clog up often .
 My 3 year old told me it hurt his eyes the first time we used it - hubby said he might be overreacting , so I tested it in my own eye -LRB- a mother 's love ... -RRB- and it had me doubled-over in pain it hurt SO BAD ... it is still hurting now , 10 minutes later , as I write this review . I disagree with whoever had the idea that making baby soaps that are n't tear-free was okay . My two toddlers make my brain swirl by the end of the day ... but even then I do n't take pleasure in burning their little eyes !
 How can this oily crap ever get anything clean ??? I purchased it because some lady on Pinterest said that if you put it on your dirty cookie sheets it will get them clean . Well she was wrong . I rubbed it on my pans until my arm was sore and they are still dirty and now they oily too . PASS ON THIS ONE .
 I 'm 37 , and have really sensitive eczema-prone skin that seems to be like a lot of super-sensitive children 's skin . I thought this would be great stuff , since EVERYONE seems to rave about it . Unfortunately , within 1 week of using it , I had a Molluscum contagiosum skin virus that caused little bumps to erupt all over my legs -LRB- btw , there was nowhere new I had been where I could have been exposed -RRB- , and I also got a painful case of thrush at the same time . It was a horrible experience . I quit using the stuff and everything cleared up within a few days . If you have really sensitive skin , this may not be the product you 're hoping for .
 This product seems quite different from the original peppermint Dr. Bronner 's , which I have bought for about 40 years . It 's watery , doesnt suds up , doesnt clean dishes very well . I wonder what 's happened ? Has the company changed its formula ? I was pretty disappointed , but now that I 'm warned , I 'll buy it in a store where I can see how it behaves in the bottle , and check if it looks thin and watery .
 I love Dr. Bronner 's Peppermint soap and was looking forward to trying the eucalyptus . What a disappointment . I am familiar with the smell of eucalyptus , but this made me feel ill . Could not use it .
 I had high hopes that this would work on my 4-year old daughter who suffers from eczema . However , as soon as I applied this soap she started screaming . Screaming like I have never heard !! Her entire back from her neck to ankles turned bright red . I could n't get it off fast enough . It was upsetting for both of us and I feel just horrible for putting her through that . I ended up soaking her in an oatmeal bath and it seemed to help . I 'm glad it has worked for some people , but definetly a NO for us !!!
 YUCK !! I did not like this product . To me - it smelled like an old barn . Others have liked it ... I was hoping for something better .
 This soap sucks . I hate the scent , and it does n't work . I also do not appreciate the religious writings on the bottle . I am not against religion , but I feel it is my choice and I resent it being ` shoved ' at me on a commercial product .
 I WAS NOT HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT , ITS NOT AMAZON FOLT , ITS THE PRODUCT , IT DID NOT HELP MY ICHEY DOG.BUT I DID FIND SOMETHING .
 I live in Boston and checked the best price on Amazon before heading to Trader Joe 's because I knew they sold the 32 ounce bottle . Their price is under $ 10 . I ca n't guarantee that every single Trader Joe 's sells it , or that they all sell it for less than $ 10 , but the price difference was enough for me to post it here .
 I read very good reviews about the anti-dandruff effect of this shampoo , but for me it did n't work at all . I also tried if it works well as a soap , but it did n't .
 I only used a few drops at first , and lathered it up for my arms . Then a few more for my legs , and the rest of my body . Odd to use if you 're not used to watery liquid . The scent is definitely almond . I expected less of a drying effect since I read reviews that it would n't dry your skin . However , even the little bit that I used has made me itchy and dry , and I 've used it once a day for 2 days . Certainly clean , but I 'd rather go back to a soap with moisturizers/lotion in it even if it is n't ` natural ' . At least I 'm not dried out . All that hype about using natural products if getting over rated . I find they never work as well as commercial brands . I 'll be going back to oil of olay , and return this .
 This is fine for hand soap but do n't believe the people who say it works as a shampoo . Maybe if you do n't care at all what your hair looks like it 's okay . For the rest of us who want to avoid hair that feels like straw and smells disgusting , avoid at all costs !
 I was excited to try this and anticipated that It would act as several products . I 'm trying to steer away from mainstream toxic products . I really like it as a body wash . The smell is great . My skin felt very squeaky afterwards . No heavy scent . I kind of wish that it would have left a bit more fragrance on my skin . The squeakiness subsided and skin felt smooth after . It 's not the most amazing body wash ever but it 's good and it lathers nicely . I also used it as a face wash . If you get it in your eyes it will sting so not the most gentle out there . After 3 days of using it as a face wash , my skin became very oily and I broke out in several places . I stopped with that needless to say ! I was not at all expecting that reaction . So I decided to try it on my hair . I used a small amount and washed , then rinsed with 1 part vinegar an 3 parts water . I was surprised that right after rinsing , it felt smooth , not dry or greasy . I have read so many mixed reviews about it as a shampoo . BUT WAIT ! As my hair started to dry , I noticed that my recent henna color from 3 days before was partially washed out . What 's worse , my hair was extremely filmy and weird looking . Greasy basically . I tried drying it some more . Basically , when all is said and done , my hair looks like I have been swimming in the ocean and let it air dry , clumpy and dull . Now that may be a great look for some if you 're into sporting that you 've been at the beach all day , but It 's Oct. . In ME . and I was on my way to an art show . In addition , it FELT like petting a sheep , oily and heavy ! Oh and my hair smelled like a sheep too . I guess it did n't actually clean my hair either . I guess dirty hair and citrus do n't mix well ! I found it comical . My fault for trying before an important event . I had to spray perfume on my head : / I could n't wait to wash it again . I got some organic , chemical free shampoo and conditioner and I 'm pretty sure I 'll stick to that . As far as using it as a cleaning product , have n't gotten that far yet , but there are so many natural cleaning products out there , so even if it works well ? Asa body wash and cleaning product , I guess it 's worth the buy . Just disappointed that It did n't work for more . I was really hoping to replace my face wash , body wash , shaving cream , shampoo , etc. so I give it 2.5 stars .
 DR. BRONNER 'S MAGIC SOAPS Organic Castile Liquid Soap Rose 32 OZHave you ever had a bag of spinach or broccoli left in the fridge and it just sort of gets gooey and stuff ? Ever smelled that stuff ? Have you ever smelled it when it got * really really * BAD?The rose scented castile soap smells so bad , I hate using it and it makes me dizzy and kind of nauseous . I actually bought an 8-ounce bottle of it and it smelled pretty nice , but for some reason , the huge 32-ounce one smells AWFUL ... on top of the fact that I bought so much of it.I primarily use the castile soaps now for dishes , hand soap and laundry . I 've used it as shampoo , but as said before in one of the reviews already , it really feels like putting wax in your hair once you try to wash it out . You have to use conditioner to untangle your hair from all that waxiness.For degreasing , this soap is n't the best . I mean it is made of oils but are n't all soaps ??? I do n't know , but if I wanted to clean my glasses to make sure I can wipe them clear I end up using conventional soap that happens to have fragrance and other bad stuff in it . The castile soap puts a grease film on sleek surfaces , so it is n't ideal for glass.I 've conditioned my hair with raw coconut oil and then tried taking out the oil with the castile soap . It does n't do anything -- as I said , if you want to de-grease , whether it be on your dishes , your hands or your hair , in my experience , this soap is n't the greatest . Probably because it was meant to keep from stripping your hands and hair of the natural oils they produce.My favorite scents I guess are peppermint and rose , if the rose happens to not smell like extremely rancid vegetables . But in my huge bottle of peppermint scented soap , there 's some other smell to it . It 's this smell/after-taste I get when I brush my teeth with this stuff . Granted this stuff is quite pepperminty , after having brushed my teeth with it -LRB- it lathers pretty nicely -RRB- I get this vomit-like taste in my mouth for a few minutes . It 's pretty awful . The smell of vomit is kind of the next thing I notice when I take a whiff of it , after the peppermint.So , given that this product is free trade , organic and is completely environmentally harmless -- it 's very difficult to say that it 's effective for what it 's supposed to do . I 've got two huge containers of this stuff , and I really do n't know what to do with the rose scented one if it 's only going to make want to puke my guts out.I wish the rose-scented soaps were more consistent -- the 8-ounce bottle I bought for sampling purposes , and used up fairly quickly , was quite pleasant . I wish they sold THOSE in 32-ounce bottles .
 Bought both the Peppermint and pure castille soap and was looking very forward to a clean shower . Used it first as a shampoo then a body wash -- gross on both accounts ! It became very difficult to move my fingers through my thick , curly hair , and afterwards hair felt coated in dry roughness and was unusually frizzy . Also used as a body wash , same effect . The water beaded right off my skin upon exiting the shower ; I felt like someone had dipped me head to toe in dried wax . My skin was very tight and uncomfortable afterwards . I did n't experience the tingly sensations others mentioned , just a nasty film that coated my skin and stayed . I 'm really disappointed in Dr. Bonners , since I 've been making the switch to organic and harsh-chemical free products , I really expected to love this stuff . Instead , it clogged my pores and just made my skin and hair feel awful . After experiencing a terrible effect on skin and hair , I 'm very hesitant to use it on anything else in my house .
 I purchased this yesterday . I 've been itching and scratching all day at work . It made my skin really dry , much worse than soap . I would never recommendd this to anyone . I have no idea what these people are talking about , this stuff is awful . Years ago I had purchased the peppermint and it was just as bad . I 've learned my lesson , wo n't buy any of Dr. Bronners products again .
 I like Dr. Bonner 's liquid soaps . I thought I 'd try a new scent . The rose is my least favorite . I only use this soap as a last resort because frankly , it smells terrible .
 I 'm not so sure what the rave is about this soap , I want to like it but am rather unimpressed.People say you can dilute it and it will last exponentially longer but yea you can water down any product and yes it will also last longer . But it 's concentrated ! In what way are other soaps not concentrated ? If this was so concentrated , I would expect a thicker , more viscous product but this is quite watery . Surprisingly , it does not seem to lather well for me as others have commented . I noticed that when I apply it to one part of the body , I can not easily spread the soap outward much further , and I must keep pouring more from the bottle . It does not seem to want to spread unless quite a lot is poured out . This certainly kills the impression that a little lasts a while . With traditional , actually concentrated soaps , I could apply a little to a loofah and it would lather quite well but doing so with Dr. B 's required quite a lot of soap . At $ 15 a bottle this is highly uneconomical in my opinion.They say it has 18 or so uses but honestly so does standard soap most people just do n't use standard soap in non-traditional ways . But think about , it all works . This is just clever marketing on Bronner 's part.I found it rather difficult and required a lot of soap to remove simple cooking oil from my hands . It still did n't quite get it all off . I really do n't care to do some serious hand washing I like it to be rather efficient and straightforward but this soap requires you to really work at it.The eco and `` green '' qualities of the soap are all good , but honestly my overall opinion is that it 's just a very effectively marketed product . People are duped into feeling they 've adopted some less consumerist , earth conscious , health conscious , etc. , approach to their products , and maybe they have , and that 's all good , but clearly Bronner 's understands the market and how to appeal to its demographic 's desires . The overly bland , regular label and bottle plus wild musings alongside contribute to the sense of a down-home , honest good , real , simple product . The illusion is that it is n't a well marketed product , it 's a niche product without impressive graphical labels that only the right group `` in the know '' is aware of . But alas , this is , just another form of effective marketing . You feel like you have a one-up on your more pretty label buying , ignorant consumerist peers when you buy this soap . The high price justifies these sensibilities . It 's quite expensive , so it must be good , right ?
 Trying to be more health conscious with products I use , I purchased Dr. Bronners to use as my shampoo . Well , lets just say it lathers horribly for someone with thick hair . Will not purchase again .
 I love all Dr. Bronners products , even the tea tree oil which actually smells like Pine Sol to me . This rose does not smell like rose , smells like a ** . I NEVER write reviews but I just had to for this because it is THAT BAD . Honestly I feel like puking even thinking about the smell . I do n't know what to do with it , do n't even want to open the flip top again . Absolutely disgusting UGHHH .
 Ordered two different bottles - both were improperly packaged . The contents of one bottle leaked out through the box and made a huge stain on my concrete front porch . The other bottle was shipped in a separate box - it also leaked due to a loose lid .
 I 'm really not fond of the `` squeaky '' feel left on my skin after using this soap . It 's very uncomfortable !!! I purchased it because I am having some skin problems with severe irritation . I thought the tea tree oil would help . Perhaps it will , but again , the feel of my skin after I use it is n't a feeling I 'm pleased with .
 I did n't understand why everyone was so excited about this soap . I bought it for the sole purpose of using as a hand soap . I could n't find anywhere through the company an exact measurement for the dilution parts , but found it through other 's recommendations on line . The dilution was 10 parts water to 1 part soap . That leaves me with water that smells like peppermint . It squirts everywhere out of the soap dispenser and is not even a tiny bit thick like normal soap . It also left a white film/residue in my sinks that were tough to clean out . I might be the only one , but I did n't `` get it '' on this soap . I sent mine back .
 I have been using this product for eight years and my recent purchase has been the least concentrated of all . The product has been severely weakened both in smell and content . Please restore this product to its quintessential quality which we previously enjoyed and appreciated .
 I bought Br . Bronner ` castile soap in 3 scents.After started using it , my skin became itchy and dull looking.Before using Dr. Bronner , we were using a different brand , just as healthy but in a bar.On top of my skin issues , I had to scrub my tub after each shower due to the awful residue that this soap was leaving.So , I decided to put it away until a few days ago when I found a dish liquid recipe calling for this soap.I made the soap and all I can say is that again this thing is awful.My dishes and my sink have the same residue as the tub.Love the lavender scent and the fact that is pretty natural , but that 's about it .
 Ok , so I 'm on the fence with the stuff , yes it leaves your body squeaky clean . But I tried it as a shampoo and omg ... the tangles were endless . My hair is SUPER thick and long and I figured this stuff would leave it light and easy to work with . . NOPE . I got out of the shower after using this , then a good moisturizing shampoo , and then a conditioner and my hair felt really weird . . like it almost had this wax feeling to it . I literally sat in my bathroom trying to brush the tangles out for a WHOLE HOUR . It was terrible . So if you 're planning to get this stuff , just know that it IS good for body wash , laundry soap , cleaner . etc. . . BUT DO NOT PUT IT IN YOUR HAIR .
 Quality very poor , no better than drugstore brands . Made in China.The enamels fell off everywhere already when I opened the box ! Tried to band to an ~ 45 degree angle the pin lose it 's elasticity and became useless . The tips are not well enameled , it hurts to touch the scalp !!! Shipped very very slow , and the seller ignores customers ' emails forever !!! Do n't buy these !!!
 I bought this particular product along with an entire skin care regimen of La Therapie products -LRB- face wash , astringent , mask , a.m. and p.m. moisturizer , etc. -RRB- while on a Royal Caribbean cruise vacation last year . I visited the spa while onboard in search of a treatment for my mild acne scarring . The spa manager recommended the products to me and suggested I get a La Therapie facial . So I did . I went for the facial and they `` customized '' a line of La Therapie products for `` my specific needs . '' I bought everything they recommended spending about $ 450 . I was so excited and started using the products immediately . After about two weeks of use my face felt very dry and tight and my neck was like alligator skin . I contacted the company to ask if this was normal . The person I spoke with told me that this was normal and to continue daily use . I did . But my skin was still getting worse and I decided to stop using the products altogether . I should mention I am only 28 years old . Now , several months later I still have some of the tightness in my skin , dry scaly patches , and wrinkles , all of which were nonexistent before I used this product . It makes me sick every time I think about it . This product line is very dangerous .
 I 've been searching for curved bobby pins . When I saw the picture of these Flamingo bobby pins , they looked curved to me . I ordered a whole box for 10.00 and 5.00 shipping . When I rec 'd them , they 're just plain old straight bobby pins . Although I could return them at my expense , it 's not worth it 'cause it will cost me another $ 5 for shipping . The company should take these back at their expense !
 Even though the product image available showed a silver bobby pin , the product label said `` brown . '' Now , I have some phenomenal old pins with perfect grip that are shaped exactly like the silver colored pin in the photo , which is why I took a leap of faith and ordered , hoping the product would be just like the photo but brown colored . Unfortunately , the pins are neither silver nor brown -- instead they are a bronze blonde color that would work better on my fair haired roommate . Furthermore , the silver bobby pin shown in the product photo has a curvature to it which these bobby pins lack . They do have reasonably good grip , although not as great as I was hoping . The only bonus was that shipping was very speedy , which was nice given the 6 dollar fee for standard .
 The Bobbie pins I received are not the ones that are pictured , so I was disappointed . The ones that came are better than what you can get in the store , but not what I was looking for .
 This product never arrived at my shipping address and I do n't find the way to file a claim in this case .
 I bought the face water because the product does n't have a toner . Good to know that the product has no chemical . It has gentle scent that I like . Unfortunately , it 's not so comfortable to be used as a hydrating water cause the spray is too strong . It does n't come out fine and misty which I 'd expect and once you spray it , the water trickles down your face . I guess the best way is to spray it on your palm and pat it on your face.In terms of hydrating capability , I 'd say it 's just a temporary relief .
 These bobby pins are absolutely horrible ! They are impossible to open without bending out of shape much less get them into your hair . When I did get them into my thick , fine textured hair they just slid right out . These pins are just too frustrating to even mess with especially when trying to complete retro looks with pin curls , suicide rolls , or barrel curls when you can not let got of your hair to jack around with cheaply made pins . I threw the entire box away and spent half the money at the grocery store getting a different set that was better better quality . Do n't waste your money on these folks !
 I bought this because I get the white spots on my arms when I tan , and I 've heard that Halt is a good product for treating those spots . I was excited to find something that would get rid of my white spots , but to my dismay when this product arrived at my house I opened it up only to find it expired . It was nine months past the expiration date printed on the bottle . I threw out the expired bottle and went to a salon to buy a new one . This product does not work for my white spots . Arrest , a similar product , works much better for me ! And when I bought Arrest on Amazon , it was not expired !
 I followed directions exactly . Product did NOT work . I now have more white spots than before . I would not recommend this product . Save your money .
 I have only been using this product for 3 days but I just noticed that the 2 bottles of Halt that I bought through Amazon have expired dates . Dates expired 5 months ago , and I am not sure if this product is still any good . Does anyone know , and what can I do about this ? I am still going to continue using this product and hopefully it will work .
 They actually sent me an expired bottle of Halt Sun Spot from Lotions2go , so make sure you check the product before you apply it on your skin .
 This product did n't help my spots at all . I am going to dermatologist to get problem resolved . I would suggest you see a pro and save the money .
 this did not help me at all . still have all my sun spots . just a waste of my money .
 I have used that , but not seen any benefit . . Waste of money for me . . Everybody has different skin , it may work you . .
 Spots still there . Used it faithfully for over a month with no changes at all.Glad it works for some , I am still searching for something that will work for me .
 I bought 2 bottles of this product and even paid extra for overnight shipping , in high hopes of it actually working . However I have followed the directions to a tee and I have n't seen any results . I noticed there was a date on the bottle dating January 2010 , I called Hault directly -LRB- with the number that was on the bottle -RRB- to make sure they were n't expired . They had claimed it was a manufacture date not an expiration and assured me this product does work . But from my experience it was the exact opposite.I finally went to my primary doctor to see if he was familiar with these white spots and if he could call a dermatologist if he did n't , he said they are not directly caused from tanning beds , its just a fungus where moisture has been set for too long in humidity and told me to use Lamosil -LRB- over the counter cream for athletes foot -RRB- 2x a day for 2 weeks . I have seen better results and the white spots are finally less visible after a few days.Do not buy this product , it will be a waste of money !
 The image of these bobby pins is of a flat pin , i.e. no crinkles . I open my box and all the pins have ridges . I PURPOSELY bought these to have flat bobby pins . I am getting sick and tired of the falsely labeled items on Amazon !
 I was hoping that these bobby pins would have a superior hold to them . They might ... if I can get them in . Every time I tried to slide one in or open it in the least so that I could get hair between it , it would twist and bend . If I did get it in at all , it would go in wrong . Pulling them out also pulls out hair . I would not buy these again .
 It 's obviously your fault because you left your child unattended and he / she did not know what was coming . You should watch when your child rubs the shampoo on his / her head and tell them to close their eyes wide shut , until your child has reached an experienced age -LRB- i.e. 9 , 10 , 12 etc. -RRB- when he is responsible and cautious to take a shower himself .
 My 7 year old son received this product in his Christmas stocking and , being a big Spongebob fan , could n't wait to use it . He needed my help to open the bottle because the cool looking Spongebob top did n't seem to be secured to the cap inside of it , which made it difficult to unscrew . A few minutes after I left him I heard him screaming for me from the shower . When I got to him he was crying hysterically that soap got in his eyes and it stung . It took several minutes before I could wash the shampoo from his eyes , which were red and sore . I am amazed that this shampoo is marketed to young children and would definitely not recommend it .
 Was not happy with my purchase . Outdated merchandise . When using this product in the past I loved it . But with it being outdated , the fragrance was too strong . Not happy with my order .
 I have very sensitive and oily skin and this brands bar soap is the only one I use/can but do n't daily in any acne areas because of it 's moisture . This liquid form has a little fragrance as well that does n't work for me .
 I got this because my friend told me about how good it was . But it turns out , it 's not . It takes about 20 minutes to heat up . I have thick hair so i put it on HIGH , but it takes me about 11/2 hours to get my hair partially straight.It leaves my hair frizzy . I do not recommend it .
 The wooden sticks on these swabs break frequently . There is not much cotton on the tip . The 6 inch version work much better.COTTON APPLICATORS PURITAN NON STERILE 6 '' 100/PKG
 The product appeared to be retail packaged and shrink wrapped however upon opening it looks like somebody opened it and cut out the registration code under the top of the box and then re-sealed it . This registration code is part of the purchase and the removal of it is defrauding the customer who purchases it . It was not stated in the description this was anything other than a new sealed product .
 The product was obviously open and handled . The bottle was dirty and full of fingerprints and the code was cut from the inside of the box . It might be a fake , now I ca n't be sure . I would n't buy it again .
 The box appeared to have been resealed . The unique product code on the inside of the box has been removed . There is no way to verify that this is not a fake ... DO NOT BUY FROM AMAZON
 This barrette is promoted as being best for those with thick hair . Although the pattern of the decorative ` onyx ' is attractive , the actual holding mechanism for your hair is not nearly sturdy enough or made well enough to warrant the price . I could not get all my hair into the barrette at the same time to create a nice , low pony tail . In a nutshell , to all out there with truly THICK hair , this barrette is not worth the money and good luck getting it to do what you want it to . As a side note , I also purchased an inexpensive Goody hair product along with this order . The Goody is certainly not as fancy as the France Luxe but it holds all my hair without any problems and it was less than $ 7 .
 I purchased this because I was looking for a large barrette that would hold thick hair . I had purchased less expensive barrettes in beauty supply stores , but the clasp was usually glued to an &#34; anchor &#34; which was then glued to the decorative piece . Because my hair is so thick , I would usually break the barrettes in the struggle of getting all of my hair in it . The clasp of this barrette appeared to be connected to the decorative piece -LRB- rather than an &#34; anchor &#34; -RRB- , so , I thought it would work better . At $ 30 , I expected the clasp to be of higher quality than the less expensive barrettes . It was not . The clasp on this $ 30 barrette was exactly the same , poor quality as those on my $ 5 barrettes . I was deeply disappointed .
 This barrette is promoted as being best for those with thick hair . Although the pattern of the decorative ` onyx ' is attractive , the actual holding mechanism for your hair is not nearly sturdy enough or made well enough to warrant the price . I could not get all my hair into the barrette at the same time to create a nice , low pony tail . In a nutshell , to all out there with truly THICK hair , this barrette is not worth the money and good luck getting it to do what you want it to . As a side note , I also purchased an inexpensive Goody hair product along with this order . The Goody is certainly not as fancy as the France Luxe but it holds all my hair without any problems and it was less than $ 7 .
 I purchased this because I was looking for a large barrette that would hold thick hair . I had purchased less expensive barrettes in beauty supply stores , but the clasp was usually glued to an &#34; anchor &#34; which was then glued to the decorative piece . Because my hair is so thick , I would usually break the barrettes in the struggle of getting all of my hair in it . The clasp of this barrette appeared to be connected to the decorative piece -LRB- rather than an &#34; anchor &#34; -RRB- , so , I thought it would work better . At $ 30 , I expected the clasp to be of higher quality than the less expensive barrettes . It was not . The clasp on this $ 30 barrette was exactly the same , poor quality as those on my $ 5 barrettes . I was deeply disappointed .
 I had no way to check the ingredient list before purchase . I will be giving this product away and will not purchase this again . I use other Schwarkopf products successfully and would recommend them such as the non-ammonia Essensity color developer and hair colors .
 I am disappointed with this set . The only thing I ever used was the sisal back scrubber and the mesh sponge . I have yet advantured to try out all the other items in the set . For reasons below.The mesh sponge `` unmeshed '' in the third use . I was rubbing myself to maximum bubblie comfort when all of sudden the sponge came undone . I tried to tie it back into its original puffiness , but my efforts were futile . I almost hurt myself with my own made sponge because it 's too tight and the plastic lines scrapped my thighs . Ok , I had problems with mesh sponge felling short before so I know any unmeshed sponge will never be the same ever . I went to another store -LRB- name withheld -RRB- and bought a better one for 3.99 . Sign.The sisal back scrubber is intereting , but because I am quite flexible so I can reach my back with the sponge so I can not comment on this much . I only used it once.Overrall I was excited when I received the set , but I am disappointed that the set does not live up to its own standard . Being a Chinese myself , I would take the title away because if Lavender really had made the set with Chinese love , I would be having such a wonderful time with my shower and bath . It would be so much fun :--RRB- .
 This barrette is promoted as being best for those with thick hair . Although the pattern of the decorative ` onyx ' is attractive , the actual holding mechanism for your hair is not nearly sturdy enough or made well enough to warrant the price . I could not get all my hair into the barrette at the same time to create a nice , low pony tail . In a nutshell , to all out there with truly THICK hair , this barrette is not worth the money and good luck getting it to do what you want it to . As a side note , I also purchased an inexpensive Goody hair product along with this order . The Goody is certainly not as fancy as the France Luxe but it holds all my hair without any problems and it was less than $ 7 .
 I purchased this because I was looking for a large barrette that would hold thick hair . I had purchased less expensive barrettes in beauty supply stores , but the clasp was usually glued to an &#34; anchor &#34; which was then glued to the decorative piece . Because my hair is so thick , I would usually break the barrettes in the struggle of getting all of my hair in it . The clasp of this barrette appeared to be connected to the decorative piece -LRB- rather than an &#34; anchor &#34; -RRB- , so , I thought it would work better . At $ 30 , I expected the clasp to be of higher quality than the less expensive barrettes . It was not . The clasp on this $ 30 barrette was exactly the same , poor quality as those on my $ 5 barrettes . I was deeply disappointed .
 I bought this for a present to impress my lady 's mother . Her mother has a very keen eye in such products and can spot a fake product right away . One thing is that the bottle was not correct with the labeling and the smell of the product was not very strong at all . This disappointed her . So I had to go and buy something else of quality to replace this fake product that was sold to me .
 This barrette is promoted as being best for those with thick hair . Although the pattern of the decorative ` onyx ' is attractive , the actual holding mechanism for your hair is not nearly sturdy enough or made well enough to warrant the price . I could not get all my hair into the barrette at the same time to create a nice , low pony tail . In a nutshell , to all out there with truly THICK hair , this barrette is not worth the money and good luck getting it to do what you want it to . As a side note , I also purchased an inexpensive Goody hair product along with this order . The Goody is certainly not as fancy as the France Luxe but it holds all my hair without any problems and it was less than $ 7 .
 I purchased this because I was looking for a large barrette that would hold thick hair . I had purchased less expensive barrettes in beauty supply stores , but the clasp was usually glued to an &#34; anchor &#34; which was then glued to the decorative piece . Because my hair is so thick , I would usually break the barrettes in the struggle of getting all of my hair in it . The clasp of this barrette appeared to be connected to the decorative piece -LRB- rather than an &#34; anchor &#34; -RRB- , so , I thought it would work better . At $ 30 , I expected the clasp to be of higher quality than the less expensive barrettes . It was not . The clasp on this $ 30 barrette was exactly the same , poor quality as those on my $ 5 barrettes . I was deeply disappointed .
 This barrette is promoted as being best for those with thick hair . Although the pattern of the decorative ` onyx ' is attractive , the actual holding mechanism for your hair is not nearly sturdy enough or made well enough to warrant the price . I could not get all my hair into the barrette at the same time to create a nice , low pony tail . In a nutshell , to all out there with truly THICK hair , this barrette is not worth the money and good luck getting it to do what you want it to . As a side note , I also purchased an inexpensive Goody hair product along with this order . The Goody is certainly not as fancy as the France Luxe but it holds all my hair without any problems and it was less than $ 7 .
 I purchased this because I was looking for a large barrette that would hold thick hair . I had purchased less expensive barrettes in beauty supply stores , but the clasp was usually glued to an &#34; anchor &#34; which was then glued to the decorative piece . Because my hair is so thick , I would usually break the barrettes in the struggle of getting all of my hair in it . The clasp of this barrette appeared to be connected to the decorative piece -LRB- rather than an &#34; anchor &#34; -RRB- , so , I thought it would work better . At $ 30 , I expected the clasp to be of higher quality than the less expensive barrettes . It was not . The clasp on this $ 30 barrette was exactly the same , poor quality as those on my $ 5 barrettes . I was deeply disappointed .
 This does n't hold a lot of hair and my hair gets caught in the scroll design and pokes out . I do n't like this Barrett very much . It is beautiful and looks fine if you are using it more in a decorative manner , Like to adorn a chignon .
 I wear my thin , shoulder-length hair pulled back . This barrette is so shallow that it does n't secure the hair . Also , the `` onyx '' color is much darker in person than in the picture .
 This was overwhelming with the smell of lavender even though it is one of the last ingredients . Way , way too `` perfumy '' for me to even use . If you are sensitive to essential oils that are not made properly and are too `` perfumy '' do n't buy this .
 This does n't hold a lot of hair and my hair gets caught in the scroll design and pokes out . I do n't like this Barrett very much . It is beautiful and looks fine if you are using it more in a decorative manner , Like to adorn a chignon .
 I wear my thin , shoulder-length hair pulled back . This barrette is so shallow that it does n't secure the hair . Also , the `` onyx '' color is much darker in person than in the picture .
 This does n't hold a lot of hair and my hair gets caught in the scroll design and pokes out . I do n't like this Barrett very much . It is beautiful and looks fine if you are using it more in a decorative manner , Like to adorn a chignon .
 I wear my thin , shoulder-length hair pulled back . This barrette is so shallow that it does n't secure the hair . Also , the `` onyx '' color is much darker in person than in the picture .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 Smells like crap . . does n't smell anything like the old english cologne I used to get back in the day . . something got changed . . my wife hates the smell of it . . I wo n't wear it at all . . total waste of money
 The smell of the plastic bottle this comes in is stronger than the base scent . It smelled much better in the old days when it came in a glass bottle .
 This does n't hold a lot of hair and my hair gets caught in the scroll design and pokes out . I do n't like this Barrett very much . It is beautiful and looks fine if you are using it more in a decorative manner , Like to adorn a chignon .
 I wear my thin , shoulder-length hair pulled back . This barrette is so shallow that it does n't secure the hair . Also , the `` onyx '' color is much darker in person than in the picture .
 I was skeptical about buying this mascara since it was so cheap , but thought I 'd go ahead a try it for something new . I can honestly say I got what I paid for ... I wear contact lenses and work as a consultant , flying in to various cities within the US , and I do n't have a lot of time to check my face/eyes for makeup problems . I need a mascara that 's actually smudge-proof and waterproof until I take it off at night . This is NOT that mascara . Within an hour of wearing it , I had big black smears under my lower lashes and it felt like an oil slick . I only put two coats of it on my lashes , like I always do . Worst mascara ever . Good thing I tested it before wearing to work , or out to dinner ! I ended up throwing it out , as I did n't want to give it to anyone else to have the same issues . It was only .99 , so it 's not like I lost a great deal of money :-RRB- I 'll be sticking to my favorites , Estee Lauder Double Wear Zero Smudge and Sumptuous Waterproof mascaras . Although a bit pricey , they both do what they claim and I do n't have to worry about fixing my eyes during my sometimes 12 &#8722; 16hr days !
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 this product is for removing a chemical curl treatment , such as a perm . if you have naturally curly hair and want to straighten it , this is not the product to use!my sister and i found this out after we tried to straighten our naturally curly hair . after not being able to wash it for 3 days , we washed it to find that it was curlier than ever . i wish someone had told us that before we wasted our time and damaged our hair further .
 This does n't hold a lot of hair and my hair gets caught in the scroll design and pokes out . I do n't like this Barrett very much . It is beautiful and looks fine if you are using it more in a decorative manner , Like to adorn a chignon .
 I wear my thin , shoulder-length hair pulled back . This barrette is so shallow that it does n't secure the hair . Also , the `` onyx '' color is much darker in person than in the picture .
 This is the second time I have ordered an elchim hairdryer from Amazon.com . Each of the two purchases were listed as distinct and different hairdryers/items , even though they both ended up being the same item , and not as advertised and described on Amazon . Upon receipt , the first hairdryer did not have the specifications that were listed , so I ordered a different hairdryer that I was told was the one I was looking for . Lo and behold , again , this hair dryer did not have the specifications that were listed . Both dryers ended up being the same , even though they are listed as separate items , and both are advertised incorrectly . THIS PARTICULAR HAIRDRYER IS NOT 1800 WATTS -LRB- which is the dryer I thought I was ordering because it was listed as such , and that was the product I wanted -RRB- ; IT IS 2000 WATTS . For the life of me I do not understand why Amazon does n't correct these mistakes . At least six months passed between my first and second purchase of the hair dryers . This has simply been a hassle .
 While my wife was using the Elchim Professional Type 20011500/1800 W hair dryer to dry her hair , FLAMES - yes that 's right flames , not sparks - shot out of the base of the handle at the point where the power cord enters.This was totally unexpected since the wire and handle showed no visible signs of damage . Thankfully , my wife was not injured . However , please be aware that this may occur with this dryer and could cause serious injury to someone . My wife has had the dryer for 3 or 4 years and has not abused it.I emailed Elchim to advise them of the problem and asked if they would like to test the dryer to see what may have caused it . I told them I would be happy to send it to them if they sent me a prepaid shipping label . After receiving no response , I sent a follow up email . Still no response.My only intention is to alert buyers/users of this potential danger so that no one gets hurt .
 I bought this for my wife who liked it , until it stopped working 2 monthes after we got it . We 'll see how well they honor the warranty . It was a little heavier than her past cheap versions , but dried faster and I liked that it was much quiter .
 This product is very weak and when I tried to return it , the company refused.It is different from the website description . the power is very weak to have a good hair . This item does n't deserve to pay money on it .
 I had high hopes for this hairdryer . I have thick , relatively straight hair that takes a long time to dry . This hairdryer has a lot less power than my 1800 $ 20 Conair dryer did . It now takes a lot longer to dry my hair with this blowdryer , and the end result is FRIZZY ! I never had frizzy hair in my life . It is also very heavy ! I am very disappointed in this blowdryer and frankly , I wish I had my $ 20 Conair back !
 This product is not worth the money . It 's very heavy , very very loud and does n't make a noticable difference in the drying time of my hair . It 's no better or worse than the typical $ 20 conair or revlon dryer . Save your money .
 I ordered the Elchim Professional 2001 1800 Watt Classic Hair Dryer -LRB- Color May Vary -RRB- expecting a product somewhat looking as described -- perhaps in different shades of red and black . The hair dryer came in black which I did not like . It was returned and the return hair dryer was also black . Since color coordination is an important factor in our tiny bathroom I was really disappointed with the product . I returned both packages and will purchase another red hair dryer . I thought the color description was misleading . I have not tried the product so I do not know about its quality .
 The one good thing about this hair dryer is that it is quiet . Other than that , it is no better than my $ 15 , ten year-old Conair . The Elchim did not dry my hair any faster and my hair is less frizzy when I let my hair air dry . I wanted a high-end hair dryer and was disappointed . I did n't find the Elchim to be worth the price .
 Actually , I really loved this dryer . It made my hair look super sleek and shiny , dried fast and was very convenient to use . Unfortunately , it broke 2 months and one week after I received it . Basically , I 'd used it just shy of two months and I do n't dry my hair every day , so we 're not talking two months of daily use . The heating element stopped working and now it only blows cold air . Of course , in order to get it repaired I now have to ship it to Florida and also pay them $ 10 to repair it and ship it back . Seriously , just skip this item and save yourself the trouble . Would be fine if it worked , but a product that does n't make it even two months just is n't worth the time or money .
 Received this item quickly and in beautiful wrapping . BUT when my fiance opened it there was not a rubber ducky in the box . Instead in its place was a cheap foam ducky with hard plastic around it where you could tell it was cut from the molding . The product description and picture clearly state and show a rubber ducky . While my fiance was very pleased with the gesture and likes the bubble bath I was extremely disappointed that there was no rubber ducky . I bought this because I thought the rubber ducky set this gift set apart from the others . Young or old . Who would n't like to get a rubber ducky ? I would n't recommend this gift box until they remedy the rubber duck problem .
 I 'm a lip gloss junkie . i love frosty sparkly glosses and of the hundred or so -LRB- probably more than 100 -RRB- i 've tried , although i 've often not liked the color i 've never tried one that was `` dry '' . . so when i read the other review i thought she must have dry lips or something . however this gloss is D R Y ! . . i just put it on and it feels old like if i touch my lips together they kind of stick a bit . i 'm not sure what ingredient is doing that but it just feels yucky and i 'm throwing it away . a great sparkly gloss if you want to try is girls dig pearls by benefit by and channel glossamer also loreal has a great sparkly one but i forget the name . .
 I really wanted to like this product but all it did was dry my son 's skin . Gave it a two because it smells really good .
 Estee Lauder did not have a gourmand/foody fragrance in their lineup during the Flowerbomb/Angel/Pink Sugar trend , so in order to meet the `` me too '' rush , they quickly slapped together this generic fruity gourmand that wants to be unique and distinctive , but it 's about 15 years too late . It 's a harried , boring composition that wishes it were as delicately delicious as Hanae Mori Butterfly or Dior Hypnotic Poison but fails to come close to either ; trying to please everyone by being mediocre.It is a highly forgettable gourmand/floriental that does not linger in one 's memory nor draw comments the way an Angel or Flowerbomb would . If you want to be special , buy an * original * fruity gourmand -LRB- i.e. Lolita Lempicka , Coco Mademoiselle , Hanae Mori -RRB- . If you want to be `` me too '' , then get Pleasures Delight .
 I expected more , too sweet to me and seams a bit old by smell . I guess this is an issue when you buy online , you are not sure how old the product is :--LRB- . Lots of people told me about it .
 Seemed old and used . The sticker on the bottle was ripping off and bottle looked dirty . There is no seal on it either . I wont be using it on my baby .
 I was excited to try this wash for my newborn who was having trouble with rashes . However when this came , it showed up without a security seal or any type of tamper proofing . I was so upset because I wo n't use it knowing someone could 've tampered with it . So unfortunatley I ca n't comment on how well the product works because I w&aacute;sn ' t able to use it . I can say that I bought this because of a friend who ca n't say enough wonderful things about how well it worked for her baby that had heat rash and cradle cap and has used it since and she 's had 4 kids ! My suggestion is buying it from any seller that is NOT
 Avon has a winner with the Anew range of products . However , this facial cleanser should be avoided at all costs . Why ? This product contains the ingredient menthyl lactate , which is very irritating , especially for the eye area . Therefore , why spend your hard earned money on a product that contains an irritating ingredient ? Avon offers better choices than this .
 I just bought this at a professional supply store , and I do n't know why I bothered to make the trip out there . This iron does not straighten hair AT ALL ... I have fine , but abundant hair , I have been straightening my hair for 22 years , and this is worse than a drug store-bought iron . I do n't know why they say it heats up to 430 degrees , did n't feel that hot to me . It took me so long just to try to straighten out one section of hair , and it still did not make it smooth . It made my hair frizzy and the straightening effect lasted only about one hour . As I type , my hair is getting back to curly again.Don ' t waste your money on this please . The people at the pro store even told me that this is the lower end brand.The better irons for more money I have now found are GHD and H&R. ; By far and away , you can DEFINITELY do MUCH better than this iron . This is NOT the best on the market , believe me .
 I was extremely disappointed with the Flat Iron by Hot Tools . I landed up throwing it in the garbage . The covering on the iron flaked off . The quality of this item is awful . I bought another one for less money and it works very well . I would recommend you do NOT purchase this product .
 Cute makeup , not the color I ordered , and broken when I got it . Compact was broken as well as the makeup .
 This was not the perfume that is normally sold in stores . I do n't know what it is but it was a rip off
 i cant believe i paid that much money for a fake Chanel . Bottle looks actually real and even the smell is the same but then u realize its no where closer to the real one in strength and after one minute you cant smell anything which sux so much . i think so amazon should have some check up on its third party sellers that what they are selling.its too late to return coz she started using it like after 3 months so cant do anything with this now . but beware any fragrance do n't buy it online if you do n't want to get ripped off
 The scent was not the Coco scent -LRB- my wife has been using Coco for many years -RRB- . The labels were sloppy and badly printed and the &#34; Coco &#34; font was not right -LRB- we have side-by-side photos -RRB- .
 Unfortunately , when the package arrived , perfume had leaked all over the place . Another bottle was sent , a different brand , and it leaked exactly the same way . There was no refund or further exchanges . .
 I gave this product to my wife for Valentine 's day only to discover that it is a fake . There are clues on the bottle , such as a missing Chanel watermark on the label , a missing trademark registration next to the Chanel name , and an off-set , smudged CC emblem on the collar of the perfume bottle . MOST DAMNING EVIDENCE - THE PROOF OF THE PARFUM IS IN THE SMELL
 I did not receive my order for COCO Chanel Perfume that was to have came from 1stPerfume . I E-Mailed them two times and never heard from them . I know I will never get my $ 72.00 back that has been charged to my credit card , but I learned a lesson from all this . From now on I will go to a store and make my purchases and have my merchandise in hand . If there is a problem I know I can go to the store and get it taken care of .
 That was a dirty trick
 I use Coco Chanel perfume for many years . I know how it looks and smells . The one I recently purchased from Amazon is a cheap knock off for the price of the real thing . I will never buy any designer product from Amazon again since apparently they can not properly screen their vendors .
 Should of read the reviews first !!! This coco perfume was fake the label even said Eau De FARFUME and the labels on the bottle didnt even match the real bottle i already have at home i got from maceys I cant believe amazon lets this seller on their web page I have bought off amazon for 9 years and now what ??? Im incredilious this happened !!!
 Estoy totalmente decepcionada por el producto recibido , en primer lugar el envase llego con el tapon roto por lo que se habia salido parte del producto , y en segundo lugar es una imitacion , tenia otro envase verdadero y he podido comprobar que tanto el envase como el perfume en si no es el mismo , deberian advertir que se trata de una imitacion .
 the item never showed up as promised but it did show up on my visa account . i tried to contact cristy , s but they never answered my request in the end . this is how it stands now you all have my money and my daughter never rcvd her christmas gift . so thanks a lot what do you hv to say about this find service
 my wife insists this does not smell like the real thing , and is convinced it is a fake . Bottle looks real enough however . Caveat emptor .
 The perfume bottle had leaked and the parfumerie is old . Not a good company to deal with . I have no number to send it back . Not Happy
 I purchased in good faith a perfume of which when it arrived it was definately not what I normally wear . I contacted Amazon right away and they emailed me straight back and sorted this all out for me and gave me my money back etc. . I commend there efforts as I thought I would of just had to lose out but it is stories like these that give you confidence in internet sites . I will most certainly still buy things through Amazon and I thank you : -RRB-
 One of the least expensive hair conditioners on the shelf . Great smell but is a horrible conditioner for hair . Disappointing but if you read the ingredients its a chemical brew . Try it and see if you have better results , it 's sure cheap
 I recieve this product two days ago.Firstable , it 's not the product that I was order . And maybe it will cause that I will never use again amazon service . I 'm really mad now.Anyway it 's not the same product of Xtah Raw Modeler Hair Crude Clay -LRB- the best I never test -RRB- . I HATE THIS PRODUCT !
 My hair is the typical strong , thick , heavy Asian hair that does n't respond well to a lot of hair products . The original Crude Clay worked like a charm.Although some people seem to say that Craft Clay is the same as Crude Clay , I 'm not finding this true at all . Craft Clay 's smell is different , the texture is softer , and when applied , it definitely does n't style and hold my hair like Crude Clay did . Everything goes very soft very quickly.Disappointing , I 'm afraid to say .
 As expressed by many others , this new craft clay does not have the same hold as the old crude clay . For those with straight , fine hair that lacks body , look for something else . I was devoted to Crude Clay for the past 10 years . I am very disappointed now .
 Not too good of a product . Would not recommend . Poor performance and not an very good after smell .
 I could barely notice a scent in mine . It does n't cover the eye/nose area very well so light can come through . It was nice if you like having a bag of sand laying on your face , it is very heavy and I really do n't think it touches any `` pressure points '' . Also , the straps that hold it on your face are n't adjustable , so it does n't fit very well .
 I have been a avid fan of Mustela since my now 10 year old was born . Now I have a 20 month old and have used Mustela since she was born . She has a lot of hair and it tends to get tangled . Unfortunately Mustela does n't have a detangler so I bought this little sample set thinking maybe I would try something new -LRB- they have a detangler -RRB- and based on other reviews I thought it would smell good . As one review said `` It smells so sweet -LRB- just like a baby should smell ! -RRB- '' Well sure if you want your baby to smell like she/he took a bath in a bunch of `` old lady '' perfume and then rolled around in a vat of baby powder ! It is horrible ! The only positive thing I can say is that it did make her hair very silky and soft but so does Mustela . Lucky I am a prime member and had some Mustela shipped immediately . I am glad I only bought the sample set . I ended up not having to pay for it because I had a $ 15 promo code , but I feel like I wasted it on this . I will stick with Mustela . Just wish they had a detangler .
 i bought it for my 4 month old son who has what seems like a severe case of eczema and dry skin , so like every concerned mother i have been trying and testing out any product hoping it will help his skin , or suits him best , unfortunately this one didnt work on him like i expected , moreover it made him smell a bit girly , the sweet almond oil reminded me of an asian indian sweet store LOL!but the packaging was nice and pretty , tiny like travel sized , and smells sweet ; if you have a little doll : -RRB-
 I could barely notice a scent in mine . It does n't cover the eye/nose area very well so light can come through . It was nice if you like having a bag of sand laying on your face , it is very heavy and I really do n't think it touches any `` pressure points '' . Also , the straps that hold it on your face are n't adjustable , so it does n't fit very well .
 the smell is very strong and it does n't smell like the other mustela products . I never used this on my daughter .
 Disappointing ... especially after reading all the great reviews . I purchased it for my children . It does not smell light or baby at all . It smells very much like a man 's cologne . It 's very strong . It actually gave me a headache . Returning it for a refund .
 im very addicted to baby smell . so i bought alot of perfume that indicated they 're baby perfume . but this one , for me , the smell is too strong . not the smelling thats good for baby . and it doesnt smell like baby at all !!!!!!!
 The ingredient `` fragrance '' is unregulated by the FDA , and therefore can contain any number of toxic , hormone disrupting , cancer causing chemicals . Please people , stop using products that contain synthetic fragrances on your children !
 I should have paid attention to these reviews . The bonnet kept falling even though I repeatedly locked into place . When first starting up , the motor made a weird clunking sound which eventually stopped . The heat was too high on top and not hot enough on the sides . I only used it once and returned it . Gon na ' be using a blow dryer instead .
 DO N'T EVEN BOTHER WITH THIS -- JUST FLUSH YOUR MONEY DOWN THE TOILET INSTEAD . THIS IS A CHEAP , LIGHTWEIGHT PIECE OF JUNK THAT DOES NOT HEAT WELL . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE .
 This hair dryer is so cheap and it falls down when I 'm under it for more than 30 minutes . It always takes over an hour to dry the back of my hair . I hate how loud it is and it 's hard to adjust the height while under the dryer . I would definetly never buy any products made by Revlon !
 I have used this product before , it 's a very good product . This time it took forever to get and it smelled bad . Good thing I only received one , because I ordered two .
 I have been dying my hair at salons for years when I decided that I should venture out on my own . Actually , my friend mentioned at a dinner party that she uses Loreal . So I actually cancelled my appointment for today and purchased clairol semi permanent color - for the obvious reason - to ensure that I liked the color.Well , the clove color -LRB- 24 -RRB- is significantly darker that how it looks on the box . My hair was light brown to start out - now it looks like a fake black/brown color . So , I ran out to the store and bought the light golden brown color -LRB- 11 -RRB- - and tried that - same night . But now I have dark dark brown with red highlights . So I washed my hair 4 times and the color is starting to look like dark brown.I still have 7 hours left to sleep , shower again and get ready for work , but I think I am stuck with this color for a few weeks . I really wished I had not tried this color and just gone straight to Loreal .
 I colored my hair with Natural Instincts Cinnaberry -LRB- I usually use Spiced Tea I found later -RRB- , and though my hair is shiny and healthy , it looks an unnatural red , almost burgundy in color . I did not do a strand test because I thought it was the red color I usually use . Clairol tried to help me by telling me to put NI 's Hazelnut over it , but now it 's just darker with the ruby red color still showing over all .
 This with out a doubt is the worst hair color i have ever used . I should know i have tried tons of different box hair dyes over the years . The only reason i got this was because i had a coupon , it was on sale , and i wanted to retouched my dyed medium arburn brown hair . Big mistake it make made my hair darker . But the worst thing of all is that after a couple of days it still makes a mess of my pillow case . I spent a long time washing the color out after applying it so i do n't see why it still does this . Also the box says that it makes your hair shinny and healthier looking this is not the case . I have used this hair dye years ago and it was not this bad . Clairol needs to improrve on this product . Lorel Color Spa which is hard to find works alot better . I think Clairol is the reason that Color Spa is so hard to find because they know that it works better then Natural Instincts and they do n't want the competion . But lucklily i have found Color Spa at my local Rite Aid and it retails for lot less then this product .
 If I could give it zero stars I would . It claims to add shine and brighten but not lighten . I got absolutely no shine or brightness , my hair was actually duller after using this product . And it did lighten my hair considerably . I did not want to change my haircolor , yet I had people asking me why I got it lightened/highlighted . So , what I got rather than the promise was dull lackluster bleached hair the texture of straw . I have been growing it out for almost a year to try to get rid of the damage that one of these treatments did . You can pick out the regrowth line from a mile away and it looks insane in a messy pony or bun since the ends are a completely different color and texture than the hair they are laying against . This might be OK if it were the look you were going for , but it was n't the look I was going for and it was n't what the product advertised to do . If you value your hair , I would avoid this product .
 I do n't know why reviews for all Natural Instincts products are grouped together , but I wish I 'd looked closely enough to see that the reviews for Shine Happy are overwhelmingly negative -- separately , Shine Happy would probably get an average 1-1/2 star at best , and for good reason . Who would n't like their hair a little shinier , right ? So wishful thinking and misplaced trust persuaded me to try this , even as I was thinking , `` It contains peroxide . What does peroxide do ? Lighten and damage hair . '' Well ... yup . My hair was virgin and seldom even blow-dried so in great condition , medium/light brown with natural dark blond highlights . This lightened my hair half a shade -LRB- not what I was looking for , but at least it 's not orange -RRB- but took all the shine away . In fact , because it 's significantly duller now , any color lift is offset so my hair does n't look blonder , just much unhealthier . Great . Fingers crossed that I wo n't have a root line . What a terrible product .
 I used Roasted Chestnut color for years . It lasted forever and never dried out my hair . I did n't think there would be a difference in the color or how long it last with the new `` improved '' version . I was very sadly mistaken . First , the new version did not cover up all my gray , and I do n't have that much , yet . The old version did . Second , the new version does n't even last a week . And even when I use the 2 week touch up , it only lasted a few days . I am so disappointed that Clairol changed the chemistry of their Natural Instincts line . It used to be a great product . I ca n't find a similar hair color like this one . And I have gone to the salon to get my hair colored and I still like the old Roasted Chestnut color the best . I 'm sad that I wo n't be able to use it anymore , VERY SAD . I just loved that color .
 It says natural , but it is NOT.After I use this product , I had terrible itch scalp a week . I never had problem any popular bland name hair color.Not recommended .
 ZERO STARSBe careful
 Relying on a glowing review from a famous talk show star 's magazine , I decided to give this a try . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT . This product turned my hair into a dry dull orange bush . Not only did it not provide shine , it did the polar opposite . Now I am growing out a rough orange mat of hair that was only made worse by trying to dye it natural black again with another product . I could not comb through my hair . It became fragile , wispy and prone to heavy duty breakage . Shine happy put a layer of dullness over my hair that lead to complete un-manageability . This product should be removed from the market .
 I saw this stuff at the drug store so many times and walked by because I was skeptical , but today I decided to give it a whirl . It was a lot like `` dying '' my hair . Something I do n't normally do . . and I have pretty healthy reasonably shiny hair to begin with , but I figured it could always be more shiny , right ? So I tried it . My hair felt crunchy and wierd while I was washing it out and I put the conditioner in . . then it felt somewhat better . Well . . my hair is now LESS shiny than it was before !!! I am a natural redhead so if it did add any orange to my hair like the other reviewers , I would n't notice . However it took shine AWAY !! I am not happy . DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 My sister -LRB- with yellow-blond hair -RRB- loved this product , so I tried it expecting the same . I have ashy blonde-brown hair . It bleached my hair into this awful shade of orange-red . Terrible ! There should be a warning on it ! I 'll be complaining to clairol .
 I used to be addicted to the brown/nutmeg shade
 Natural Instincts was my favorite hair coloring some years ago . It and I have gone through a multitude of changes . In terms of myself , clearly as we get older we favor slightly different coloring . Because Natural Instincts often changed its coloring scheme -- grrr ! -- and my superstore has altered what is available on the shelf , I was never sure what I was getting . I tried communicating with the manufacturer several times . One lucky day , I was able to contact Clairol and asked the important question
 I have reddish brown hair -LRB- colored -RRB- . My hair had some shine but i would like to have more of course so i picked this off the shelf going WOW this sounds great ! WRONG !!!!! I came home all excited -LRB- lol -RRB- and read the directions as i have never used anything quite like this . Do not use if you have colored in the last 3-4 weeks . . well it has been 7 weeks since coloring the last time so i figured i was safe . WRONG AGAIN !!!!!!! I put it on . . the smell was n't too bad and while on it seemed all shiny . . i was like yeahhhh . I waited the exact 10 minutes and i washed it out . . it automatically felt crunchy . I put the conditioner they give you in and it did help a little . I got out dried it and WHAT A MESS !! My hair is a orangy blob ... very lifeless . . and even less shiny than before . Now i have to go to a salon to fix the mess . Thanks alot clairol . . please pull this item !
 I have used # 14 Tweed for almost 9 years . The box changed this summer 2011 . I e-mailed Clairol to make sure Light Cool Brown was the same as the previously named Light Ash Brown . They assured me the formulation was the same and the only new part was the 2 week color enhancer packet . I did the first application and it appeared fine . After 2 weeks I used the color enhancer packet and my hair turned bright red/orange . I contacted Clairol and they told me to apply hot oil to leach out some of the red . I did that twice and my hair was still bright red . I ended up recoloring that day with another application of Light Cool Brown against their advice . That was October . I applied Light Cool Brown again in November and December without using the 2 week color enhancer packets . It is now the end of December . My hair is extremely dry and shining bright red in every Christmas photo taken . I am still searching for a non permanent Light Ash Brown hair coloring as an alternative to cover gray . In the meantime , I would advise people to discard the enhancer packet unless they like red hair . This can not be the same formulation .
 If you were happy with Natural Instincts for years do n't think that this is the same or better product . The color in this new revised edition does NOT last as long and the color is not as rich and vibrant . I believe that the Week 2 refresher was created to compensate for the lack of color in the initial wash . The refresher is a thick pasty cream in a foil packet and if you have very dry hair you wo n't have enough to distribute throughout your head of hair . Not to mention the color or the refresher is not the same color as the initial wash . I used color # 24 , medium cool brown -LRB- clove -RRB- and the refresher left more of an orange , reddish color to my hair . And really , who wants to have to re-apply coloring after two weeks!Unless Clairol decides to go back to their original product , I 'll be hunting around for a replacement .
 Although I 'm not proud , I have been using various hair dyes and box treatments for over 15 years . I was really excited about this product ; I just dyed my hair a month ago and it was already looking quite drab . My hair is naturally very dark brown -LRB- stylists call it a 4 -RRB- , but at the moment , before the shine treatment , it was medium brown with red and orange tones . After following all instructions on the box , as I always do , I rinsed my hair to find it lighter than before . Not to mention , especially in the sunlight , it appeared almost orange at the top ! I was already unhappy with the reddish tones carried in my hair and to accentuate those tones with bright orange only made it worse . I could understand how those with naturally cool hair colors could use this product and essentially benefit , but unfortunately , I feel as if anyone with naturally warm hair might be unhappy with their results .
 I figured when I bought this product that it would be just a gloss of some sort , I was wrong . It contains peroxide and I did n't realize this until i had already torn the box open . What the heck lets do this ! My hair is actually much softer than usual and there is a little more shine . Although its hard to tell if its really shine or my medium ashy blond hair with now golden highlights . Considering how unpredictable this product is on different hair types I do n't recommend it . Hopefully in a few weeks I wont be able to see roots growing out . Buyer beware -- get a shine serum instead .
 This is the first negative review that I 've written for any product , ever . I 've been using `` Natural Instincts '' loyally for about five years . Liked the ease of use and the promise that it was more `` natural '' than ammonia-based dyes and would n't wreck my hair . Did the allergy test initially , as recommended on the label , and everything seemed fine . However , I started to experience some scalp irritation and dryness that I did n't immediately connect to the dye , since it happened very gradually.Recently decided to check out all of my cosmetics with ewg , and it turns out that this hair color has the worst rating imaginable , a whole bunch of potentially harmful and irritating ingredients , and is about as `` natural '' as spray cheese ! I 've tossed all the product I had left and ordered some henna . Just feel like I 've been lied to , by a company that I 've haplessly patronized for years ! I get it that it 's the consumer 's responsibility to read and understand the ingredient list but you should n't need an advanced degree in biochemistry to protect your health !
 This was an impulse buy while shopping for hair coloring for my daughter . I thought , what the heck I 'll be happy if I can add some extra shine to my otherwise long and attractive hair . Well that did n't really happen . For the first several days I felt like my hair was reflecting sunlight better but after just a few washings I found my hair had less shine than before the Shine Happy treatment . Then I come to find out that people have reported unsatisfactory results for years and Clairol apparently has done nothing to improve this product . Pretty disappointing Clairol .
 There was a slight shine but sadly this product lightened my hair . not happy ! i got to figue if it is safe to recolor my hair yet
 I bought this color specifically to color my roots and match them to the rest of my hair , which is a light auburn color -LRB- similar to the one this product promises -RRB- . My current color is also non permanent and I have a few highlights , which , of course , are permanent . Also , I am fairly experienced when it comes to coloring my hair at home.Well , I did my roots first as it would take longer for the uncolored hair to take the new color , then went on to do the rest of my hair . The color started to get darker and was even while processing which left me hopeful that this would work . After washing my hair , however , it turned out that my roots did NOT take the color AT ALL . The rest of my hair shows minimal to no difference in color either . I think my highlights are the only parts of my hair which actually took any color so I 'm going to assume that this product only works on already processed hair which kind of defeats the purpose of trying to use a product that is more gentle on one 's hair.The only thing I liked about this product was the conditioner which actually did make my hair smooth . Overall , I 'm really disappointed and annoyed that I wasted money on this product .
 I followed the instructions to blend away grays
 This product is definitely not worth the money or effort to try . My hair is already red and it did n't change my hair 's color unlike other reviewers , but it did n't really do anything . My hair is no shinier as the package promised . It did n't do any visible damage to my hair , but I 'd rather have spent the money on a better product . Try something different if you want smoother and shinier hair - this one 's a dud .
 I have medium brown , undyed , healthy hair . I bought this hoping for a little extra shine . It was a kit similar to a hair dye . I used it exactly as instructed . My hair is no shinier , and seems a little more coarse than before . It may have lightened my hair one shade but it 's hard to tell . This product was a disappointment and I will never buy it again .
 I LOVE Clairol Natural Instincts so naturally I was excited to see this product on the market promising to take the dull out of my hair the 40 's have seem to bring . While I do n't have a horror story about a color change , I am disappointed it did absolutely nothing . I had my hair highlighted a month ago and wanted to give it a little boost . When I use Natural Instincts to color my hair it does a great job and gives me GREAT shine so I expected the same from this product , just without the color but I got nothing .
 This is NOT a treatment that will make your hair healthier ! It contains peroxide , which will lift your natural color ! DEFINITELY stay away from this if you want your virgin hair to remain undamaged .
 I can not rate that actual product , but I can warn people not to purchase it from Impossible Discounts , because they sent me Clairol Natural Instincts 24 medium cool brown which was manufactured in 2003 -LRB- it has a shelf life of only 3 years and it is November of 2011 now -RRB- . The only reason I found out about its age is because of a manufacturer 's coupon that was inside the box that had an expiration date of 12/31/04 , so I called Clairol customer service and provided them with a number on the bottom of the hair color box , they advised me that it was manufactures in 2003 . After numerous emails to the seller where he first suggested I try the hair color and if it does n't work , then he will refund me for it , I sent it back for a refund but was not refunded for return shipping , so I paid $ 9.49 for the hair color and and $ 4.04 to send it back , great deal do n't you think ? My advice is to get your hair color from somewhere else .
 I tried the Happy Shine , my hair became very coarse and stiff , I had to put deep conditioner in my hair three times that evening before it was renewed to being a little soft again .
 I 've happily used semi-permanent hair colors from L'Oreal and Clairol for years and have seen them go through various iterations , so I did n't think twice when the Clairol Natural Instincts boxes started to look a bit different . I * did * notice the new color refresher and some slight changes in the instructions . The biggest difference ? My hair is a mess after using Natural Insticts !! I actually used the reformulation twice and tried two different colors . Both times , the color barely touched my moderate gray and left my hair coarse , frizzy , and brittle . Previous versions of Natural Instincts have easily covered the gray and left my hair soft , silky and shiny . The first time I used the reformulated version , I tried the refresher , which left a brassy orange cast to my hair . I skipped the refresher the second time and will be skipping Natural Instincts completely from now on . It 's THAT bad !!!
 I see this review is listed under Medium Auburn Brown , even though I specified Linen , but since they changed the formula across the board I 'll go ahead and write a general review . I have used Natural Instincts Linen for many years and have always loved it because it looked so natural . Not any more ! The new formula is terrible ! It does n't cover as well as the old formula and looks fake . And the special solution you put on after a couple of weeks makes it even worse !! For the first time ever , friends asked me what I did to my hair ! I hate trying other brands because I 've been so pleased before , but it looks like I 'm going to be looking for a new company . Please , Clairol , bring back the old formula ! It can be the `` New , Improved '' solution !!
 Under the old name , Cinnaberry , the Medium Auburn was my perfect color . When I applied it this last time , under the new name , Medium Auburn , I noticed it looked `` ash . '' Indeed , the new shade is eggplant , not red . What a shame . Now , I have to go on a merry chase to find a true red . Meanwhile , my hair is somewhat porous and sucked up this dark purple mess . Boo hiss .
 I agree with all the negative reviews . I used to love the medium brown brass free hair color . Once they changed the formula to be used on dry hair , instead of damp , my hair became a mess . It 's extremely dry . It turns my grey hair yellow , and the refresher pack turned my hair orange/red . I 'm now in search of a new brand . It 's a shame that Natural Instincts changed a perfectly good product . I 'm very disappointed .
 I read about this product in Allure magazine . In the hot new product section . I have very dark brown hair naturally , without any color product on my hair . I really wanted a glossy shine to my hair and decided to try this . While rinsing it out after the allotted time on my hair per the directions , my hair felt strange , not sure how to describe it . Almost like I had put alcohol on my hair . I used the condition that comes in the box , and my hair felt slightly better . After towel drying , my hair felt straw-like . I air dry my hair normally , so that is what I did after the application of this product . After my hair dried , IT WAS A STRANGE ORANGE COLOR !!! A lighter version of my hair with a orange tint ! It 's been 2 months since my experience with Shine happy crap , and you can see a 1 inch part of my natural hair that is growing in . I am planning on going to a salon soon to have my hair colored all the same . AVOID THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I have dark brown dyed hair , -LRB- naturally light brown -RRB- and it 's very fine and dull . So i thought this product would make it shinier and healthier looking . WRONG !! it turned my hair dirty blonde on certain patches ! Now my hair is all uneven colored ! also , i think it made my hair even more dull ! I AM SO MAD
 I have average-shiny hair , so I got this hoping it would add some pop . It definitely lightened my hair a little like others said , but I acutally like the lightening ... it blends my grown out blonde with my natural ash brown well . As for what it is intended for ... shine ... it did not do much . My hair looks the same shinyness . I would not buy this again , but it did n't ruin my hair as others said .
 I have used Natural Instincts for over 20 years . I was born a natural redhead , but as you get older the pretty red color fades , so I started `` brightening '' it up , and Natural Instincts was always the perfect product . Until now ! I never wanted to put anything permanent on it , and like the fact that it `` fades '' out . Well , my favorite color of Golden Sienna got discontinued . It was perfect for me . There was another favorite before that one that got discontinued called Sedona Sunrise or Sunset , I think . Anyway , now the only auburn I could find was medium auburn . I tried it once several months ago , and it was surprisingly okay . A little darker than I wanted . So I tried the creme formula today , and I look like fricking Bozo the Clown !! I 'm so disappointed Clairol ! Why are you changing something that was already great to this horrible product ! I have washed my hair three times in an hour trying to tone it down . I am going on at trip tomorrow , and I 'm horrified ! I just keep walking around saying , OMG !! Change is NOT always good !! OMG !!!
 I curse this product every time I look in the mirror . I loved my natural hair color but thought I would give it a little pampering just for the heck of it . My hair lightened about 2 shades and has a gross orange hue to it and I feel like my hair is weaker now . This was almost a year ago and I 'm still trying to grow it out -LRB- it 's long -RRB- and it will take me a long time . I 've thought of dying it back to my natural color but I 'm scared since all the dyes I see have peroxide -LRB- which is what this product has that ruined my hair -RRB- so I do n't know what to do . I guess I 'll just wait until it has all grown out and take hair multi-vitamins in the meantime .
 Shade 13 - Suede - was not a part of the recent Natural Instincts Recall but it should be . The refresher pack turned my hair bright orange . I called customer service to seek advice and they told me to wash hair and apply hot oil treatments . Parts of hair are still orange after about 16 washings and treatments . Customer service blamed it on my porous hair and said it is not their fault since I chose to use the refresher pack . BEWARE
 DISAPPOINTED WITH OPPOSITE RESULTS . DID THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT DISCRIBED & I ALWAYS USE THIS SAME COLOR . INSTEAD OF LESS BRASSY BLOND , I NOW HAVE RED ! TRYING FOR REFUND ...
 What a ripoff ! Had I read reviews first I would have tossed the box in the trash without opening . How dare they continue to sell this . Bad enough my hair has NO shine whatsoever the color looks like it does when I need to recolor my hair . I waited 3 weeks , which is how long you must wait before using this product after coloring your hair , going through the same arduous process as coloring and I have nothing to show for it except lighter hair and that 's not what I wanted ! I could feel how brittle and dry my hair was immediately after I rinsed . If it were n't for the intense conditioner I 'm sure my hair would feel even worse . I do n't know if this product works differently on non-color treated hair but if you color I advise not using it .
 I am so disappointed with this product . I have been using this color light auburn , # 16 for over 8 years , mixing it sometimes with the 15rg light golden red . They stopped making the the light golden red , and now they have changed the formula , packaging , conditioner etc. , on with this color . It sucks . It dries out my hair and makes it orange-y after several washes . If you have gray hair at all , you have to leave it on longer ... well , if you leave it on long enough to cover your grays , it will look very fake and dark -LRB- think gothic -RRB- . I have contacted the company asking why they discontinued the light golden red and they say it 's lack of demand . Really ? Every time I would go to Target or a beauty supply , they would be out of it , it seemed to be on order all the time . Maybe people were doing what I did , and buying as many boxes as I could because they would n't stock it enough ! Anyway , this IS NOT the same product as before . It smells way more chemical , and the color feels different ... the conditioner is weak and even the gloves they include have gone to crap . It 's a prime example of another company trying to save money by cheapening the product , and then they call it `` new and improved '' . This used to make my hair soft and shiny , now it makes it dull and dry . I cancelled my subscription and will not be purchasing this product again . This is what big corporations like P&L do . They purchase reputable companies and then re-formulate -LRB- cheapen -RRB- the product , so their profit margins go up . Remember how good Iams and Infusium used to be ? Check the back of the packaging and see who owns it now ... buyer beware , it 's bait and switch ! Good luck to you in finding a new hair color ...
 I wanted a change without dying my hair , I just wanted high shine . I followed the directions , my hair is dark brown , and now it 's a reddish brown . Ugh ! This is not what I wanted and I am really , really upset . If you want shine without the extra garbage like red , or blond highlights do not get this !! What a disappointment !
 I read glowing reviews about this product in a respected woman 's magazine and decided to give it a try . I thought , it 's supposed to add shine , what could go wrong ? In a word , EVERYTHING !!! I followed the directions exactly - I color my hair and it had been 3 weeks since it was colored . I put it on damp hair being careful to not rub it into my scalp . And I left it on for exactly 10 minutes.As I began to rinse it out , I could see my brunette color washing down the drain!When the water finally ran clear , I took off the gloves to continue rinsing and , to my shock , my hair felt like a tangled , matted , stiff clump of straw . I was horrified ! I used the conditioner provided and it made my hair feel squishy , spongy and limp . I rinsed for a good 15 minutes in warm water to try to get the conditioner out . At that moment I knew I was in for BIG TROUBLE . I should have just washed it but I still held out hope that things might be okay.After my hair dried it was lifeless , limp and had absolutely no body.In addition , my scalp was burning and tingling . After a couple of hours this went away but I have never experienced this burning before with any home hair product.Worse , my beautiful brunette color had an orange , brassy overtone to it and it was much lighter all over . And , when I tried to style my hair , it was totally unmanageable.Lastly , it appeared much DULLER - NOT SHINIER !! What a disaster!I am so sorry I did not read the reviews before using this product and I hope this review will save someone else from a terrible mistake.DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT - IT DOES NOT WORK AND WILL DAMAGE YOUR HAIR !!!!!!!
 I have used this product for only two weeks but I expected more . I like the light weight texture and the way it completely disappears into the skin without leaving any greasiness . However , I am yet to see the results promised but I have not used the product for up to 30days . I will continue to use it for the next 4weeks and hopefully I 'll get some results
 I bought this product because I was looking for the product I was useing and could no longer find . I was let down . When I applied it to my damp hair it made it stiff like straw . It was hard to pull a comb through it without breaking my hair . After I rolled and dried it , It did look good and it held the curls but it is not worth the hair pulling for me .
 This thing vibrates way too loud and it bothers my hands holding it . I like my remington much better but ca n't find a new 1/8 '' guide comb for it .
 I tried this scent and attempted to wear it a few times but it 's too strong . It 's not a heavy smell but it 's way to piercing to the nose . Sorta like Tommy Girl ... that stuff just makes me sneeze . I first smelled it on a woman at a job interview and it smelled great ! I ran out and bought it and it was a huge let down .
 my first time buying perfume , so i ordered 2 bottles . both did not smell good - probably sitting on a shelf or a warehouse for years & had gone bad .
 Personally , I found this device difficult to work . It looks like it should be easy but all I wound up with was a mess of knotted hair . It does n't seem to `` braid '' your hair as much as it just twists it . You slide the ends of two strands of hair under these little metal clamps and then press the button which spins them like mad . Maybe someone with more coordination than myself would enjoy this product but it did n't work it 's magic for me .
 I thought this product would save me time but it actually took longer to produce a head full of two-strand twists than had I just used my own two hands . If you like gadgets , maybe this is for you but if you are looking to save time , do n't both . Do it yourself .
 The `` fog-free '' aspect of this mirror lasted about 2 showers before I had to keep wiping it down between razor strokes . The radio is awful - bad reception and terrible speakers . About the only good thing is the digital clock . At least I know what time it is in the shower.After this failure I bought a Showertek Fogless MirrorShowerTek Fog Free Shower Mirrorthat hooks into the shower pipe so the mirror warms up and stays clear . Works much better . Get that instead of this one . -LRB- It 's cheaper too -RRB-
 Bought this as a gift for my husband last year . Liked the radio function . Unfortunately , radio reception was horrible -LRB- and we lived in Houston -RRB- and the sound quality was weak . The mirror began fogging up after a few months . It was trashed after 5 months , when splashing water , wiping down , etc. , no longer helped . Still searching for the right mirror ...
 So , am I supposed to be pleased that I paid , in essence , five dollars a day for five days of service from this radio ? The sound was decent ; I was pleased with it for those five days . And then , I turned it on and NOTHING . Thought it was the batteries , so replaced them more than one time , but still NOTHING . My advice for prospective buyers
 I like the radio itself very much . It gets nice reception . My problem with this unit is that it eats batteries like crazy . It takes 3 AA batteries and I have to change them about every 3 weeks . I feel like if I could figure out how to disable the clock , then the batteries would work better . I use the radio about 15 minutes a day -LRB- just while in the shower , right ! -RRB- , and that 's not such good battery life .
 This item is junk . The mirror distorts the reflection and I originally had trouble with the radio . It eventually did work but not that well .
 I thought this would be great to have in the shower ! But it never got that far . I put the batteries in and the clock worked fine but the radio did n't work at all . I contacted the company and they were very nice and quickly sent me a replacement ! That one did the same thing . The radio makes no sound . . not even static . Clearly this is a manufactures glitch or it was some fluke that I received two units that did not work . Save yourself some time and aggravation and skip this one !
 I got it for a christmas gift for my brother and as soon as he oppened and put the batteries in , the digital clock works fine but the radio itself does n't work at all . I need to return this ASAP . It was so embarrased to see that he openend his gift in front of everybody and did n't work . Please provide instructions to return this radio ASAP.Definitily the worst !
 I 've had it for two years and it frequently falls in the shower . It has n't broken though , so the product is durable . The reception is n't great , but the mirror is practically worthless . With age , it `` fog-free '' quality has gotten worse and it is practically worthless .
 It is does n't smell at all , i bought this oil by mistake and i do n't understand for what i paid such money
 I really enjoy this fragrance , however , this time no such luck . It smelled somewhat like what I use to use -LRB- china musk -RRB- but it seemed less concentrated . Also , the bottles were leaking and I ended with half filled bottles . Oh one more thing , they were both suppose to be sealed , but with one of the bottles , the seal had a tiny pin hole in it and the other had no seal at all ... I will not be reordering or even wearing this ...
 I love the smell of L'aquatonic but it will always give me skin rash when I use it . I called up Lancome and they gave me my money back . The pine smell is so unique . It truly is one of a kind .
 I like the old style better for several reasons . Except that it died after only a couple of years of using it exclusively for travel . The new one is larger , taking up more space in my carry on , for no good reason . The lever for opening it up curves upward and is very stiff so it takes a great deal more effort to work the wand . I will use it for traveling to spots outside the US because I do n't need a transformer , etc BUT I would never use it at home . Too much trouble . The wand , I think , is also larger around so the curls are not as tight as I would like . I would give it one star but Conair 's looks worse with a very short handle . Not a lot of choices in the market . And I am waaay over the age of 13 !
 What you have shown is not what i received . I want to return the product and get my money back . I have not opened the product only the package and to find by surprise what is shown is not what I received . -LSB- ... -RSB- Sincerely , Debbie Mason
 I am sorry to say I have to disagree with the other reviewers on this one . I bought this concealer for the undereye area , and it just does not blend very well for me . I even tried applying a thin layer of moisturizer underneath , but it still ends up looking dry and cakey on me , and settling into my fine lines . No one product works for everyone , and I was unable to find a bad review of this concealer anywhere on the internet before I bought it , but I will be sticking with my Loreal True Match Concealer , until I find something better .
 I was very disappointed ... I purchased a few Catwalk Work-its from this seller . When I got around to using the last two , they were broken . Very Disappointed !!!
 Made me breakout because this product contains oil . Love Korres Lip Butters , but did not like this . I recommend Cosmedix Lightening Serum instead .
 Great idea , but ... I like the idea of being able to attach to a surface by suction cups . This works very well . However , 15X magnification is far too strong . To use , I need to go up real close to the mirror to see clearly . In fact , in applying makeup , I have difficulty using an eye liner pencill , as the pencil can hit the mirror while I am applying ... showing how close I need to get to the mirror to see !
 I really liked that this product had so many natural ingredients . I was looking for a body wash or soap that smelled like gardenias , but most of the items I have found have sls in them . This one does not , but nor does it really smell like gardenias . That may be a one of the scents but not a dominant one of this body wash . Which makes the name of the wash misleading , at least to me . I will not be ordering it again . And after 3 or 4 uses , I will put this in the very back of my bath shelf .
 I have been using a 10 % Glycolic Pad from another company . I 've been very happy with that product but felt I needed something a little stronger.I purchased the Glycolix Treatment Pads in 15 % and 20 % . I figured I would build a tolerance to the 15 so I also purchased the 20 . The first time I used the 15 % I felt nothing . The next day I tried the 20 % pads . I felt a very slight tingling sensation . Hardly noticeable.Tonight I tried my old 10 % pads . I can still feel like they are working . They give that burn / tingling feeling.I 'm not sure if you have to feel that tingling for the product to be working or not . I would think yes.Someone else wrote that these pads are a knock off of the real thing.At this point I can not recommend this product . I will still continue to try this product since I already have it.If my opinion changes I will post it here .
 I originally bought this from my dermatologist for $ 45 and up until a year ago he only charged $ 5 for shipping but now he 's charging $ 15 shipping for the same product -LRB- ?!? -RRB- so I decided to purchase this product online instead & when I got this in the mail I compared it to the old jar I got from the dermatologist . First off the label looks like it 's been re-made to look like the original -LRB- it 's noticeably lighter in color & the bottom of the label says
 I really liked that this product had so many natural ingredients . I was looking for a body wash or soap that smelled like gardenias , but most of the items I have found have sls in them . This one does not , but nor does it really smell like gardenias . That may be a one of the scents but not a dominant one of this body wash . Which makes the name of the wash misleading , at least to me . I will not be ordering it again . And after 3 or 4 uses , I will put this in the very back of my bath shelf .
 Save your moneyThis will not cut toenails , way overpricedYou can not change the clippers , and operatesby a chord -LSB- string -RSB- Mastermind IDEA . BUT a piece of junk .
 Just buy a regular toe nail clpper . This thing looks like some a kid rigged up . It does n't work very well at the price they are asking .
 Pistol-Grip Remote Toe-Nail ClipperGOOD IDEA , POOR DESIGN , POP RIVET POPPED OUT ON 3RD USE . OVWE PRICED ` Toe-Nail Clipper Pistol Grip Remote 18
 I have spent over 60 for these toe nail clippers , they are rubbish , they would not cut my toe nails so I tried to cut my finger nails with them , and they could not even do that , it is fraudulent to sell this product , as it does not work , its badly put together , and my money should be refunded ...
 Good idea but poor execution . The clippers do not cut the nails very well . Really difficult to make good clean cuts . Also has a cheap plastic handle and trigger pull with a string connecting the trigger to the nail clipper . Would be a good idea to be able to interchange better clippers and have an adjustment for tension.Looks like this is about a $ 5 dollar widget that sells for $ 70 + . Save your money .
 It works after a fashion , but not well enough to be truly useful . It is simply a regular nail clipper attached to a handle and leverage for working the clipper . As such , it does n't open wide enough for curved toenails , and simply can not trim thick , curved nails . Takes a lot more work than it should to make it function about half the time , and gives the impression that someone put in the least amount of thought to make a device that might be truly useful if more attention was paid to its design .
 This product broke upon the first use of it . It is extremely poorly constructed . *** WARNING WARNING WARNING **** DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!
 I have not yet received this item of purchase and am dissapointed with the time this product is taking to arrive as the final deleivery date is set for the 23/03/11 , should this be a cause for concern ?
 This product was just ok . When I looked at the bottle and noticed that it did n't have the copyright symbol on it ... It made me wonder whether or not it was the real product or was it a generic ? When I used it on my face , it did n't feel any better and did n't see any positive results from it . Next time I will try it out at the spa salon to see if it is any different . Eminence Organic Skin Care - Stone Crop Hydrating Gel 1.2 Oz .
 If you use this product , you may want to leave it on for the absolute maximum amount of time . I did 25-30 minutes and saw almost NO results . Make sure to also note the shipping costs .
 Unfortunately , they sent me the wrong product and I do n't know how to complain or send my feedback . I have a bad luck
 I saw the other review and saw that it was n't the foam and I had hoped maybe they had got a bad bottle . Nope . This stuff does n't come out as that awesome foam but more of a cream and leaves my hands looking really greasy shiny looking . As for my hair I have naturally oily hair to begin with and up by the roots this stuff made my hair look greasy shiny but the ends of my hair looks lovely . I will only use this particular bottle if I wear a ponytail and need to smooth fly aways or if my hair is down only use it at the ends . When I saw the price I thought it was too good to be true and for me it was . I will not be repurchasing , I guess I will just have to bite the bullet and pay the same price for less . But at least I know it will work .
 I would caution those buying this product for an infant with ezcema . My daughter 's ezcema flared up as soon as this product touched her skin . I ended up have to put steroids on her skin for two days to calm it down . The Aquaphor ointment is great but buyer beware with this baby wash . Buy a trial size or one bottle and make sure it wo n't irritate your baby 's skin before you buy the three pack .
 This was always my favorite cologne . I ordered it via Amazon . The company they used must also makepickles . It stinks . I 've used this spray for over ten years . I will go back to purchasing it intheir store in Manhattan . Twice friends brought it back from the Caribbean when they were oncruises and I got a price break ... but never have I ever smelled something like this . This companydid n't even come close .
 I honestly do n't understand how people are giving this product such great reviews . First of all the smell is unbearable . I put it on and immediately almost threw up from the terrible smell . Not even exaggerating . Secondly the finish is so cakey and harsh ... maybe if you pour gallons of it on your face with a paintbrush it will look natural . However that 's the other problem , there 's not enough , the bottle is way too small.Seriously , the biggest ripoff ever . I 'm better off using l'oreal tru match foundation . in fact it has better coverage than this . and matches just as well.Don ' t waste your money .
 I loved the coverage , it was great , but unfortunately , I had to discontinue using it because it clogged my pores and I broke out .
 I ordered the 3.3 Eau de Toilette Tsar Spray . The bottle looks different , dark green but see-through . Not the light green one or the older I used to buy dark green non-see-through . It doesnt smell like Tsar , it is very light fragance , not the usual powerful Tsar . It even stained my white shirt with a greenish stain . It seems an original product looking at the packaging but you will be dissapointed . I talked to Amazon customer service and they refunded my money - that was nice , but now I dont really dare to order Tsar again : -LRB-
 The fragrance is nice but just does n't last . You 'll have to keep reapplying every hour or so . Not sure if I 'll purchase again .
 I thought it would be better for the price , but honeslty if it was only $ 10 , I would not buy it again.I have used this item faithfuly for several weeks , and have notice no noticable differece , and at times I feel my eyes burn and my vision is blurred.Very disapointed in this very expensive product!Would still like to know how safe this item is around the eyes ?
 I have had other OPI products so I think this one has been tampered with since the color will not even last one day before wearing off . I use top coat and professional manicure using this product does the same . My granddaughter has same color from another source and never has this problem .
 During my search for -LRB- calling all goddesses -RRB- the new color -LRB- Did you hear about Van Gogh -RRB- yielded in the results . I knew the CAG color was likely retired so perhaps this was a new similiar color OPI had released . From the pictures shown one would think this is the case . It appears almost white/pearl . I was very disappointed when I received the polish as it was more of a beige/taupe/mushroom .
 This gel was not as great as I thought . I recieved 2 bottles of 2oz Oleda super skin lightener gel for over 30 bucks which is not alot of product for the cost . I give the product 2 stars because the shipment was fast and the product is oil free , but it is brown in color , it leaves brown spots on your skin . It is very liquid in substance . Even though the liquid product goes far , the lightening effects were not super in my experience .
 This product did n't help me at all . It is expensive and is not effective . I purchase two of them and did n't notice any difference at all . The product consistency also is not good . Does n't look like a gel but water .
 NOT PLEASED AT ALL ! THIS PRODUCT IS VERY WATERY , DOES NOT WORK . I AM VERY DISATISFIED AND WILL NEVER PURCHASE IT AGAIN I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE . MY DAUGHTER USED THE PRODUCT AND WAS ALSO UNHAPPY . A GOOD PRODUCT TO USE IS XTREME BRITE !
 A little goes a long way but it is thick and difficult to blend . It dries quickly . Not really worth the money .
 Here 's the link to what you 're REALLY going to get when you order this
 I ordered two of the Versace Blue Jeans bottles for Christmas gifts for my nephew 's . Please do n't let the picture fool you . The cannister and the bottle both come bearing the name `` Versus '' instead of the Versace logo . Neither the cannister nor the bottle look anything like the picture . Naturally , I assumed I would be receiving exactly what I was being shown , not in this case . Buyer Beware .
 It would have been nice if Amazon sent the real Blue Jeans by Gianni Versace . I received a fake version made by `` Versus '' instead of Versace . Then I could n't get in touch with Amazon .
 This is a photo of versace but what you get is versus which is a take knock off false advertising 100 % scam here this crap is $ 2.00 cologne not real versace at all or by far you guys are gon na get sued for selling fake crap !!!
 This is NOT the real Versace ! You actually receive Versus , not Versace and it smells like bug spray . This company switches out the product - do not give them your business !!!
 The cologne that you will receive is a cheap version of Versace Blue Jean . Instead of Versace you will receive Versus . I really do not expect to receive a knock-off from amazon but that is what I did receive ! > : /
 should not even get one star , read all the reviews , made sure that the right product was ordered , and they still sent a knock off of what I specifically ordered , this is absolute crap , shame on amazon for deceiving the public and ripping people off .
 I read some of the other reviews that said to beware that an imitation may be sent rather than what is ordered . Very disappointed that Amazon did this to me too . I paid special attention to what I ordered to be sure I was n't getting a knock-off and I still received an imitation rather than the real thing ... of course the price remained the same as my original order . From now on I will be sure to listen to all of the reviews .
 THIS IS NOT RIGHT ... I ORDERED THIS AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT AND IT CAME TODAY . ITS NOT VERSACE ... ITS BY VERSUS AND ITS NOT REAL ... IM SO UPSET . AMAZON BETTER TAKE THIS BACK AND GIVE ME MY MONEY !
 I smelled this cologne on someone once and I loved it so I bought it for my husband . When we received it my husband put it on and we decided immediately that it was not for him . I suppose that fragrances smell different on different people , but it was not something that I cared for ! This is only an opinion . I am not saying that there is anything wrong with this cologne . You would have to smell it for yourself to decide if it is right for you !
 If I would have received the right cologne , maybe it might have ranked high . But since Amazon sent me `` Versus , '' well I guess I 'm not so pleased AT ALL ! It 's funny , Versace make two cologne 's -LRB- yea and many more -RRB- , but one is `` Versus '' another is `` Blue Jeans . '' Looks like Amazon got dooped into buying a KNOCK-OFF of both and they 're passing them onto unsuspecting consumers . Look at the metal container and bottle . If it says versus anywhere , you 've been mis-sent the same knock-off as I. I called and complained to Amazon and hopefully will receive the real thing in a couple days . Some one in procurement at Amazon needs to pay more attention to what they buy .
 En realidad el producto no llegado a mis manos , no me percate que los perfumes son un problemas para despacharlos a otros paises . Necesito una soluci&oacute;n pronto
 It smells like a perfume for a new born . The black version smells great , but would n't last . This one is n't the perfume for a man .
 When you order this item , you will not receive the product listed.Instead , you will receive a knock-off called `` Versus Blue Jeans Man '' which can be purchased from many fragrance discounters for less .
 Thought I was ordering the real Blue Jeans fragrance . This has way too much alcohol in it . Do n't waste your time .
 I ordered this cologne as a gift . I have ordered it a few times before -LRB- not from this vendor -RRB- . I ordered VERSACE Blue Jeans as pictured in the ad . I received VERSUS Blue Jeans ... the imitation name . It looks the same , but where it is supposed to say VERSACE on the package , it says VERSUS . I have seen Versus before and did not want that , I wanted the item as it was pictured in the ad . Returned for a full refund . Just be careful with this business -LRB- lisaperfumes -RRB- , they do not seem to be an honest business . I would look elsewhere .
 I also have a bottle of this cologne that says by `` Verses '' , not Versace.I feel taken for the 1st time on Amazon !!
 My little girl is two . She has fine , but pretty wavy hair and it appears that it 'll grown in very curly when she gets older -LRB- like her father -RRB- . Though it has n't grown in fully yet , I decided to hunt for a good detangler now to prevent nightmarish experiences with brushing hair later.Suave For Kids Awesome Apple Detangler does seem to make my daughter 's hair easier to brush , but that 's about it . Even the tiniest amount makes her normally shiny hair look dull and flat . The smell seems okay at first -LRB- like green apple flavored gum -RRB- , but then has an after-scent of cheap hairspray that makes me feel a little sick if I smell it too long -LRB- ca n't imagine how gross it could be for her if she has my nose :-RRB- -RRB- . It may not impact everyone that way , but if you have a kid with fine hair and/or you or your child have a sensitive nose , keep looking .
 SOMETIMES WHEN I SEE POSITIVE REVIEWS I THINK THAT IT IS EMPLYEES OF THE PRODUCT COMPANY . THIS STUFF ABSOULTELY DOES LEAVE A GREASY RESIDUE IF USED MORE THAN ONCE . ALSO , DOESNT DETANGLE AS WELL AS OTHER THE UPSIDE IS THAT ITS CHEAP I BUY IT AT THE 99CENT STORE
 I would rate this a five but I was looking for the pufurme in that bottle but they sent me the new one which is not the one I was looking for
 I did n't receive the one named above , the bottle I recieved was purple not red as I order so ordering from you again I do n't know . The fragrance is not the same as the red bottle .
 It might be the worst conditioner I have ever used . It leaves my hair dry and a tangled mess . On the bottle it claims to prevent split-ends , detangle and add shine , but it has failed to do all 3 . I figured for $ 22 a bottle it would be a safe product to try .
 This is a good bonding agent if you plan on wearing your unit for 1-2 days . If it is summer , or you live in a hot area , this is not a good adhesive . The wig will shift and slip . When the unit slips , the glue remains very tacky around the area , so your hair sticks to the areas -LRB- ruining the unit -RRB- . I 've had to reapply my hair 3 times this week . Also , this can be considered difficult to work with as the glue is not very viscous -LRB- a bit runny -RRB- and it drips and runs when too much is applied .
 This is the worst adhesive that I have ever tried . I have worn wigs my entire life . This was very difficult to remove from my wig , and it did n't even bond very well to my head . I was so fustrated that I just threw the entire wig and mess right in the trash . If you want something that works really well , try the Lace Wig Tape . It is double-sided tape , clear - once you remove the blue paper backing . I can use this and the wig will stay on for a week . I remove it using Lace Release . This works great . All you have to do is spray the Lace Release on the taped areas , wait about a minute and then slowly lift up on the hair . Spray a little more , wait and repeat until the wig has been removed . Once the wig is removed , you may just need to spray a little more lace release on any remaining tape that is still attached to the wig or hair . Wait a minute and slide the glued section of the wig against a mirror . This will release the taped residue without damaging the wig or the hair . Love It .
 I got this for my sister for christmas , because she is a fan and once she sprayed it she hated it . I wish I just kept my money .
 I 'm sure these bath salts are fine . I 'm just so in love with the Masada Dead Sea Salts for Joints and Muscles with juniper berries , that it is difficult to ratye this product fairly .
 I ordered what was shown , the small blue round bottle of this cologne , but what I got was the tall clear spray bottle . That 's not what I ordered !
 Why is the picture of Worth perfume in the little splash bottle advertisedand the writing states it is Worth Je Reviens By Worth-Edt Spray 1.7 Oz?COME ON ! That 's the only picture of this line that has not been true forweeks since I have been looking for this perfume . What 's the deal?Of course , I 'm sending the spray bottle back . You should send me the splashbottle of Worth since you have it in your inventory . And your picture statesyou have it .
 I remember Je Reveins as my mother 's scent along with cashmere sweaters . I bought it in the 80 's in Germany & England , it smelled great . This remake of the old classic is not good . Far too much alchol is used as the carrier and destroys the delicate floral essences . I could n't even give it away . Not sure if I want to try the perfume version , I tried the cologne . Maybe the chemists did n't mess that up.I 'd save your receipt and send it back . Highly disappointed !
 I purchased based on other reviews that it was similar to the now discontinued Secret of Venus by the same manufacturer . However , it smelled so bad I returned for a refund . Why anyone would want to smell like that ???? I could have gotten a bad batch or it could just be pretty bad !
 I was a little disappointed with this lip pencil . It was nice , the way it is designed ; flat ; but , it was very dry and too dark .
 After all the time I spent searching for the product could . Not find the shade I wanted , so I thought i 'd try a different shade . waste of my hard earned money ! , , does not go on well at all color is bad nothing like chart shown and I was waiting for a matte , lip pencil it was n't at all . Very dissappointed !
 I was excited to hear about this product a friend of mine told me how great it was . It did n't do anything for me . It peeled off my nails the day after I put it on every time . It did n't make my nails stronger and a complete waste of money.Also it is hard to find other then on Amazon .
 This product , while being nice on your skin , did n't have a srong or long-lasting fragrance as I would like .
 I love this perfume , but the bottle I got was bad . smelled only bad alcohol and light yellow_not pink . Disappointed . I purchased from Parfumusa
 It is the second time that I purchase a perfume product from Amazon.com and something is not working . This time I can not even use the spray , because it does n't function . I wonder if it is genuine at all .
 very disappointed with this , have had this perfume in the past and this purchase was just not the same . smells like alcohol and not the original .
 I bought this from Fragrancenet . Good thing that I bought 1.7 oz version . It has almost NO SMELL . Must have been waiting in the shelf long time . Wish there was a way to know the production date of parfumes .
 I was a little disappointed with this lip pencil . It was nice , the way it is designed ; flat ; but , it was very dry and too dark .
 After all the time I spent searching for the product could . Not find the shade I wanted , so I thought i 'd try a different shade . waste of my hard earned money ! , , does not go on well at all color is bad nothing like chart shown and I was waiting for a matte , lip pencil it was n't at all . Very dissappointed !
 I 've purchased this fragrance from seller
 We bought this mirror around Christmas time . It only worked for a few short months and now it fogs up immediately . I did n't buy it through Amazon . I paid $ 40 for it , and it 's worthless ! Do n't waste your money !
 This is n't a bad product but it is n't great either , its over priced and under powered for a company that specializes on hair , I expected a little more , the biotin content in minimal .
 I saw no change while using item is too pricey to not work . Cheaper to buy hair and nail vitamins .
 Im sure liike me you will be wanting you 9 dollars back as soon as you view the product.I did use the intire bottle in one use , and I did n't even cover all of my hair.I figured it was just because the product was so good thats why it was so small , yet it was so EXPENSIVE !!!!! But that was not the case . For $ 2.50 You can buy aphogee and it works better and has MANY more uses.DO NOT BUY THIS EVER EVER EVER !!!!! I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS EVERRRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Opium Perfume has been reformulated and this is not the original fragrance . I have been using Opium perfume since it was first introduced in 1977 and LOVED it - this is not the same ! I am very disappointed that Yves Saint Laurent and the fragrance sellers are being deceptive about this . They should state that the fragrance has been changed or change the name so that consumers are not tricked .
 This product is not old Opium , even thoigh your picture shows the old formula.The new Opium does n't smell the same and does n't last like the old formula , it 's crud.The companyselling it did a fine job and gave me my money back .
 I had n't bought this brand of rollers in almost 40 years , but did n't think they would have changed . I was very wrong . The much lower quality makes them impossible to use . I threw them away within a week of purchase .
 I do n't think it is the original eau de toilette . I have been using this product for a long time and I can see the difference . I use it every day and in the past people used to ask me all the time what perfume I was wearing . Now , I can not smell it and it does n't stay in my body .
 I HAVE BEEN WEARING OPIUM FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS . AND NEVER SMELLED ONE LIKE THIS ONE ?? MY HUSBAND BOUGHT THIS LAST JUNE FOR MY BIRTHDAY . I JUST OPENED IT ! IT WAS IN COMPLETE WRAPPER , AND I KNOW THAT IT WOULD TAKE YEARS FOR AN UN-OPENED BOTTLE TO LOOSE ITS FRAGARENCE > THIS SMELLS LIKE ONE OF THOSE FAKES THAT ARE SOLD AS AUTHENITIC ?? I WONT BUY THERE AGAIN UNLESS YOU CORRECT THIS ! I AM MORE THAN HAPPY TO RETURN IT WITH ALL THE WRAPPING FOR AN EXCHANGE , AT WHICH TIME I WOULD REMORE THIS BAD REVIEW , JAF
 I returned the package to seller and recieved credit except for S/H and my return costs . Reason for return-the spray was a weak scent of something other than what I ordered .
 I was under the impression that I was getting the standard Opium EDT for my wife 's birthday ... . and instead I got something with a black cap ; it said `` Opium '' on the bottle , but it does n't smell like the real product.I feel that I had a ` bait & switch ' pulled on me , but as it was a birthday present we are now stuck with it.QUITE disappointed .
 Same complaint as other buyers of this expressed . Not the product I ordered and paid for !!!! I ordered the 3.3 oz bottle for $ 63.45 + shipping and received a 3.0 oz bottle listed for $ 57.50 . This was a Valentine gift for my wife , she like others says it is a different fragrance from her existing bottle of Opium . Even I could smell the difference !!!! The company shipping this fake product , TUCCNI , makes no provision for return , stating it is a hazardous material , what a JOKE.I fault Amazon for connecting themselves to a FRAUDULENT company such as this.Shame on you Amazon .
 I 've worn Opium for over 25 years . I 'm very disappointed that they 've changed the formulation . If it ai n't broke ... do n't fix it . Returning it ... . I want my money back !
 Bought it for a friend so she could gift it to someone else . She brought it back and said it was a faux toilet water.I 'll never buy this type of product on line again .
 I wanted the bottle of Opium shown in the picture . I received the new bottle . The latter is too strong for me .
 I was using this product on my 5 year old . The label says `` tearless '' , but he got some of the product in his eye . He was hysterical and his eye turned red . I 'm not sure how they can put `` tearless '' on the label ? So , please be careful if you buy this for your child . I also was n't fond of the `` medicinal '' smell .
 The product did n't smell as good as I thought it would . Also after reading the fine print on it
 My father has used this product for 30 years and now has problems with his nervous system and stomach . I am now caring for him and I discovered that these are long-term lead associated symptoms . He also smells extremely bad from the sulpher in the product . I have to soak his shirts for 24 hours before laundrying . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT
 I am very disappointed!I have never rec 'd this item or a credit -LRB- refund -RRB- for this item . I have called customer serviceseveral times & keep getting the run around.No resolution has transpired for this purchase .
 I have thick and slightly wavy hair . This stuff does n't do anything no matter how I try to use it . I have tried everything and I just want to get my money back ...
 This product made my hair feel stiff and did not make my hair any straighter . Save your money .
 no directions , diffuclt to apply , smells like rotten pineapples . burnt my ends while i was blow drying my hair after applying it and now i have to get them cut . effects -LRB- or lack , thereof -RRB- dont even last 8 hours . I straighten in the morning and by the time I 'm home from school ive got a big oily curly mess . DO NOT BUY , BUYER BEWARE .
 smell really nice but besides that , do noting . even one dollar it is to mutch for this product .
 I 've used lots of lip and cheek stains that have had a great result , and unfortunately this is not one of them . I gave it two stars because of the price
 Have n't noticed it being better or worse than other lotions but it stinks . Do n't like using it because of the smell
 Not good . After about a month of use the wood started chipping off around the top . I therefore recommend another brush .
 I was very unhappy with the product I received , it was old & dried up . I tried to write a review earlier but it suggested that I try to resolve my problem , so I got a return # and sent the product back on October 11 , 2012 and I still have not received my refund !! Very , very unhappy customer !!!! Max Factor Lash Perfection Mascara , Deep Blue 704 .13 Fl Oz -LRB- 4 Ml -RRB-
 I love this mascara and I was looking for it everywhere . Finally I found it in amazon , it was very expensive because they do n't produce it anymore , but I bought it any way . It arrived dried and I could n't use it
 Ever since Avon stopped making a Navy Blue mascara , I have been searching high and low for something other than brown or black , i have very light skin and blue eyes and the brown and black mascaras shadow my eyes it looks like i have dark circles under my eyes . So as I continue to search for a decent priced Navy blue mascara I come across this and from the reviews I thought I would be getting a good product , but I did n't , this product barely even coats the lashes , where is the mascara ? I do n't like thick globs , but this even with trying to put on 2-3 coats of it still looks like you are wearing no mascara . Not to mention that it does not even look navy blue in the sun . The only thing this product is good for is to put on TOP of the bright blue mascaras that I have bought thinking they were going to be navy ! So that is the light at the end of the tunnel , the mascara will get used because I need cover up the bright blue to tone it down .
 This is a perfume I wore years ago and loved . When using it upon receipt , there was an immediate and scary allergic reaction where my lips burned , my tongue was coated and my breathing was shallow.Over the years the recipe for this fragrance has been changed for the worse.Be careful if you buy it .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 I did the big chop with My hair -LRB- African American -RRB- and this product dried My hair out . I am also trying to gain growth around My temples and this stuff took My hair out in that area even more . Now I am really hating the big chop.This may work well for some but its the opposite for Me . I have a big jar and have to throw it out or find someone to give it to . I am so pissed right now . Now I have to start all over again trying to grow My edges out again . Now I am contemplating a wig but hoping that tomorrow when I wet My hair and gel it up it wo n't look bad -LRB- doubt it -RRB- . Really upset now.All this damn hard work I am putting into growing out My hair correctly , and treating it with this stuff made all that effort pointless . Back to the drawing board.Not happy ,
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 I bought this because my REVO is starting to go . The bristles are too soft and do n't grab your hair too well . Plus since it is electric you are tied to the wall . Found the REVO on Amazon as well , and will probably purchase it even though it is more . Definitely worth the money !
 This brush would have everything to be great , unfortunately it 's bristles are to soft so they bend a lot when in contact with the hair , but brush 's body is great very resistant , I wish they make this brushes like revo stlye used to make .
 URGENT
 I bought this item because of the 5 star ratings it received . I am not happy with my purchase because the oil does n't smell very pleasant . It may be rancid perhaps , because it does n't smell anything like coconut . Going by the date on the bottom the oil should be good for a year or more . Maybe it spoiled in shipping or maybe it went bad in a hot warehouse . Either way , there is no chance that I 'll be using this oil for massages . Maybe I can use it to lubricate my chainsaw instead.I contacted the seller about returning the oil . They gladly will take it back as long as I pay to ship it back and pay a 10 % restocking fee . Oh and I have to eat the $ 8.84 shipping charge . Basically I have to pay dearly for the privilege of buying bad oil.I am tired of buying from third parties . I am a long time Amazon customer and I pay extra to get free shipping -LRB- Amazon Prime -RRB- . When I have a problem with a product sold by Amazon , I have no hassles returning it . The third party vendors charge a lot for shipping and they may not even take the product back . I am very unhappy with this transaction . I feel ripped off . I will not buy anything else from this vendor and I will avoid third party products from now on .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 Pears soap 's formula has changed as of 2009 . It is no longer the wonderful , natural product we all knew and loved.Original ingredients
 The original Pears soap was made in the UK , this soap is a product of India . Even though it is advertised as the original , it is not , and I an very disappointed .
 I ordered this soap based on how gentle it was for your skin . I was turned off by the `` medicine '' smell . When I dried off , Holy Cow !!! My skin was SO dry I felt like I needed pure baby oil just to feel normal again . This soap stripped all of my own natural oils out of my skin . I was itchy after using the soap because I was so dried out . I had to use heavy duty lotion Lubriderm to stop the itching . I gave the soap one more try , but had the same awful experience . Now I have 6 bars to throw away . I will NEVER buy this soap again !!
 original formula for 200 years had 8 ingredients . Now it has 24 ! it is not delightfully mild smelling or long lasting . I urge you to research this product before buying . I learned the hard way . It is not what you have fond memories of . Very disappointing .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 I began having obvious allergic reaction to hair dyes at the end of 2011 -LRB- took awhile to recognize -RRB- . I did some research , thought maybe Tints of Nature would be safer ... the product description makes you `` feel '' like it might be safer . -LRB- It has a lot of organic materials , but still has PPD -RRB- . It claims to be more `` organic '' . I have read that PPD builds up a toxicity in your system -LRB- I even waited for over 7 weeks since my last reg hair dye -RRB- . My reactions included
 I bought this because I wanted to eliminate all the harsh chemicals in standard dyes.I have natural medium brown hair , with a few whites that I dye myself regularly.I usually buy light brown because I 've had bad experiences with some dyes dyeing my hair darker than it is.So i bought the light natural brown in Nature tints.While the smell was pleasant during the process , after I rinsed and washed , my hair turned not brown , but black ! JET BLACK ! it '' s so awful , i am so upset . The only good thing is this is not a permanent dye and I will wash my hair often to try to get it off as quickly as possible.Also , very disappointing was that it left my hair feeling like straw , just like the other dyes on the market , and the conditioner was not good . There was too little of it in the packet to fully cover my hair , and it was light not a heavy-duty conditioner that I am used to after a coloring job.I will never buy again.I was hoping to find a way out of the harsh dyes out there , but I ca n't live with black hair .
 I bought this product -LRB- 4M / Med . Mahogany brown -RRB- hoping for a BEAUTIFUL milk chocolate colored head of hair . I was surprised to see the color of `` Boston Baked Beans '' -LRB- candy -RRB- on my gloves & hair !!! I followed the instructions to the letter , BUT I STILL washed NEARLY $ 20 DOWN THE DRAIN !! My natural / unprocessed hair was STILL dark brown / almost black !!!! SAVE YOUR $ $ $ $ $ $ on THIS ONE folks !!!!
 I like this color because it most closely resembles my natural color of all the ones I 've tried . However , the gray coverage is poor . I do not have a lot of gray -- maybe 2-3 percent . So I will probably go back to Nature Tint .
 I started using Tints of Nature 4N to try to correct the dreadful redness that came with the Naturtint colours . My hair is a medium golden-brown and I was aiming for a darker golden-brown . My results were : - Less fake-looking red undertones than Nauturtint . - Colour lasted about 3 weeks before fading became obvious . About 60 % colour remained at 3-4 weeks . - Greys were covered adequately . - Condition was bearable . Hair was ` squeaky ' and tangled easily , rather than soft and silky , and the ends were suffering , but all of this was less severe than with some other chemical dyes . - No allergies or irritation . - After 3 + months of using this product once every 3-4 weeks my HAIR WAS FALLING OUT at such a rate that my hairdresser panicked and wanted me to see a doctor ! My hair became so thin it was ridiculous . I had to stop using the product.At this point I officially gave up on chemical hair dyes ! I researched how to use a mix of natural Henna , Indigo and Amla herb powders . This has been freakin ' fantastic !!! My results are : - Hair loss normalised within 2-3 weeks . - Condition is superb - silky , soft , full . - Colour is natural-looking and very resilient - 90 % remaining after 3-4 weeks . - Grays are adequately covered . - I am not doing untold damange to my health and the environment by using gross chemicals.I WILL NEVER LOOK BACK . I am actually ashamed that I was so ignorant of this awesome , far superior option for safely colouring hair ! For anyone whose hair is on the spectrum of ` stawberry blonde - copper - auburn - brown - black ' -LRB- i.e. everyone except blondes -RRB- I can not recommend highly enough that you dump chemical colours and learn to mix and use henna/indigo/amla at home . There 's no comparison and you will never look back .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 I was able to purchase the Filtered Shower Head although it was extremely difficult to find & could not even be ordered through ShowerTek . The product itself exceeded expectations and worked properly . However , the filters last approximately 6 months . After buying the product , I am not able to purchase any of the replacement filter cartridges anywhere including the manufacturer.Their customer service is absolutely horrible along with their product planning . Every site that carries this product and the replacement filters are `` Out of Stock '' . Whoever is responsible for their product planning and management should be fired instantly . Based on what I have seen , I would suspect this is a one person operation and they are making them out of their garage and got in a little over their heads .
 SHOWERHEAD ARRIVED DEFECTIVE AND AFTER CONTACTING THE COMPANY SEVERAL TIMES VIA EMAILS AND PHONE CALLS , I RECEIVED NO RESPONSE . VERY POOR BUSINESS POLICY TO AVOID CUSTOMERS REQUESTS TO CONTACT THEM CONCERNING PROBLEMS . WILL NOT PURCHASE FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 I bought this product for my dating on this weekend and I odered by 2 days shipping . So I got this before the weekend . However , it is NOT the product explained by the seller . I odered 4oz but it actually just 1oz . Also , it is not the same product with the picture . I 'm feeling like terrible . It seems like mess up my dating with my boyfriend . I 'll refund this product !!!!!!!
 I normally purchase this from the manufacturer but decided to get 2 since I was placing an order with Amazon anyway . What I received was NOT the normal product !!! It was watered down and unable to lather ! I tried both and they were exactly the same . I was able to return for a full refund but this experience has made me shy away from purchasing items like this from anyone other than the manufacturer ...
 Face wash should be thick like a gel . It seemed to be watered down . I was unable to use this product
 I bought this because I wanted to eliminate all the harsh chemicals in standard dyes.I have natural medium brown hair , with a few whites that I dye myself regularly.I usually buy light brown because I 've had bad experiences with some dyes dyeing my hair darker than it is.So i bought the light natural brown in Nature tints.While the smell was pleasant during the process , after I rinsed and washed , my hair turned not brown , but black ! JET BLACK ! it '' s so awful , i am so upset . The only good thing is this is not a permanent dye and I will wash my hair often to try to get it off as quickly as possible.Also , very disappointing was that it left my hair feeling like straw , just like the other dyes on the market , and the conditioner was not good . There was too little of it in the packet to fully cover my hair , and it was light not a heavy-duty conditioner that I am used to after a coloring job.I will never buy again.I was hoping to find a way out of the harsh dyes out there , but I ca n't live with black hair .
 I bought this product -LRB- 4M / Med . Mahogany brown -RRB- hoping for a BEAUTIFUL milk chocolate colored head of hair . I was surprised to see the color of `` Boston Baked Beans '' -LRB- candy -RRB- on my gloves & hair !!! I followed the instructions to the letter , BUT I STILL washed NEARLY $ 20 DOWN THE DRAIN !! My natural / unprocessed hair was STILL dark brown / almost black !!!! SAVE YOUR $ $ $ $ $ $ on THIS ONE folks !!!!
 I began having obvious allergic reaction to hair dyes at the end of 2011 -LRB- took awhile to recognize -RRB- . I did some research , thought maybe Tints of Nature would be safer ... the product description makes you `` feel '' like it might be safer . -LRB- It has a lot of organic materials , but still has PPD -RRB- . It claims to be more `` organic '' . I have read that PPD builds up a toxicity in your system -LRB- I even waited for over 7 weeks since my last reg hair dye -RRB- . My reactions included
 I started using Tints of Nature 4N to try to correct the dreadful redness that came with the Naturtint colours . My hair is a medium golden-brown and I was aiming for a darker golden-brown . My results were : - Less fake-looking red undertones than Nauturtint . - Colour lasted about 3 weeks before fading became obvious . About 60 % colour remained at 3-4 weeks . - Greys were covered adequately . - Condition was bearable . Hair was ` squeaky ' and tangled easily , rather than soft and silky , and the ends were suffering , but all of this was less severe than with some other chemical dyes . - No allergies or irritation . - After 3 + months of using this product once every 3-4 weeks my HAIR WAS FALLING OUT at such a rate that my hairdresser panicked and wanted me to see a doctor ! My hair became so thin it was ridiculous . I had to stop using the product.At this point I officially gave up on chemical hair dyes ! I researched how to use a mix of natural Henna , Indigo and Amla herb powders . This has been freakin ' fantastic !!! My results are : - Hair loss normalised within 2-3 weeks . - Condition is superb - silky , soft , full . - Colour is natural-looking and very resilient - 90 % remaining after 3-4 weeks . - Grays are adequately covered . - I am not doing untold damange to my health and the environment by using gross chemicals.I WILL NEVER LOOK BACK . I am actually ashamed that I was so ignorant of this awesome , far superior option for safely colouring hair ! For anyone whose hair is on the spectrum of ` stawberry blonde - copper - auburn - brown - black ' -LRB- i.e. everyone except blondes -RRB- I can not recommend highly enough that you dump chemical colours and learn to mix and use henna/indigo/amla at home . There 's no comparison and you will never look back .
 I like this color because it most closely resembles my natural color of all the ones I 've tried . However , the gray coverage is poor . I do not have a lot of gray -- maybe 2-3 percent . So I will probably go back to Nature Tint .
 Got a free sample of this at the salon . The gal that uses it warned me it gets a little warm , but nothing to bad.Normally , I would test the stuff on a small area first , but I wanted to go tanning that day -LRB- prior to a vaction -RRB- , so decided to go ahead and use it as directed . Put it on after a cool shower . Within a few minutes , I turned incredibly bright red -LRB- like the worst sunburn -RRB- and my heart raced because of the heat build-up and I got very light-headed . Jumped back in the shower with icy cold water -LRB- actually had to lie down in the bottom of the tub because I felt faint from the reaction -RRB- . After a few more minutes , I cooled down enough to turn off the water . The tingling & burning sensation remined for about another hour . The redness lasted the rest of the day -LRB- did n't want to go out as I was sooooooo red ! -RRB- . I have no health problems that would account for my reaction . Maybe I 'm just too sensitive to the ingredients.I tossed the packet and would never use a product like this again.Good luck to those the use it !!
 This is a good tanning lotion for basic tanning , but if you want a tingle or HOT lotion this is not what you need . I have always used a HOT or Tingle lotion . This lotion does not have the hot or tingle feeling at all . My daughter does not like the tingle or hot and she uses this lotion .
 Item ordered 8/24/1l . Have communicated repeatedly with merchant . Charge has already appeared on my VISA bill . As of 9/26 Item STILL NOT YET RECEIVED !!
 I started using Tints of Nature 4N to try to correct the dreadful redness that came with the Naturtint colours . My hair is a medium golden-brown and I was aiming for a darker golden-brown . My results were : - Less fake-looking red undertones than Nauturtint . - Colour lasted about 3 weeks before fading became obvious . About 60 % colour remained at 3-4 weeks . - Greys were covered adequately . - Condition was bearable . Hair was ` squeaky ' and tangled easily , rather than soft and silky , and the ends were suffering , but all of this was less severe than with some other chemical dyes . - No allergies or irritation . - After 3 + months of using this product once every 3-4 weeks my HAIR WAS FALLING OUT at such a rate that my hairdresser panicked and wanted me to see a doctor ! My hair became so thin it was ridiculous . I had to stop using the product.At this point I officially gave up on chemical hair dyes ! I researched how to use a mix of natural Henna , Indigo and Amla herb powders . This has been freakin ' fantastic !!! My results are : - Hair loss normalised within 2-3 weeks . - Condition is superb - silky , soft , full . - Colour is natural-looking and very resilient - 90 % remaining after 3-4 weeks . - Grays are adequately covered . - I am not doing untold damange to my health and the environment by using gross chemicals.I WILL NEVER LOOK BACK . I am actually ashamed that I was so ignorant of this awesome , far superior option for safely colouring hair ! For anyone whose hair is on the spectrum of ` stawberry blonde - copper - auburn - brown - black ' -LRB- i.e. everyone except blondes -RRB- I can not recommend highly enough that you dump chemical colours and learn to mix and use henna/indigo/amla at home . There 's no comparison and you will never look back .
 I like this color because it most closely resembles my natural color of all the ones I 've tried . However , the gray coverage is poor . I do not have a lot of gray -- maybe 2-3 percent . So I will probably go back to Nature Tint .
 I bought this because I wanted to eliminate all the harsh chemicals in standard dyes.I have natural medium brown hair , with a few whites that I dye myself regularly.I usually buy light brown because I 've had bad experiences with some dyes dyeing my hair darker than it is.So i bought the light natural brown in Nature tints.While the smell was pleasant during the process , after I rinsed and washed , my hair turned not brown , but black ! JET BLACK ! it '' s so awful , i am so upset . The only good thing is this is not a permanent dye and I will wash my hair often to try to get it off as quickly as possible.Also , very disappointing was that it left my hair feeling like straw , just like the other dyes on the market , and the conditioner was not good . There was too little of it in the packet to fully cover my hair , and it was light not a heavy-duty conditioner that I am used to after a coloring job.I will never buy again.I was hoping to find a way out of the harsh dyes out there , but I ca n't live with black hair .
 I bought this product -LRB- 4M / Med . Mahogany brown -RRB- hoping for a BEAUTIFUL milk chocolate colored head of hair . I was surprised to see the color of `` Boston Baked Beans '' -LRB- candy -RRB- on my gloves & hair !!! I followed the instructions to the letter , BUT I STILL washed NEARLY $ 20 DOWN THE DRAIN !! My natural / unprocessed hair was STILL dark brown / almost black !!!! SAVE YOUR $ $ $ $ $ $ on THIS ONE folks !!!!
 I began having obvious allergic reaction to hair dyes at the end of 2011 -LRB- took awhile to recognize -RRB- . I did some research , thought maybe Tints of Nature would be safer ... the product description makes you `` feel '' like it might be safer . -LRB- It has a lot of organic materials , but still has PPD -RRB- . It claims to be more `` organic '' . I have read that PPD builds up a toxicity in your system -LRB- I even waited for over 7 weeks since my last reg hair dye -RRB- . My reactions included
 I tried this product thinking it would repair the little damage I had on my hair from dyeing it and straightening it with a flat iron , but all it did was make my hair heavy and gross feeling . I was better off just using my regular conditioner . Not only did it not work , it smelled terrible . My hair did not feel silky as some have claimed , but made it feel rough and knotty . Perhaps you have to have severely damaged hair for it to work . Do not buy this product !!!
 I purchased 2 bottles of this products almost a year ago now . I am finishing the last bottle and I must say that I do NOT see any improvement in my hair growth , texture or strenght since using it . I will not buy again nor recommend it to anyone .
 I like this color because it most closely resembles my natural color of all the ones I 've tried . However , the gray coverage is poor . I do not have a lot of gray -- maybe 2-3 percent . So I will probably go back to Nature Tint .
 I started using Tints of Nature 4N to try to correct the dreadful redness that came with the Naturtint colours . My hair is a medium golden-brown and I was aiming for a darker golden-brown . My results were : - Less fake-looking red undertones than Nauturtint . - Colour lasted about 3 weeks before fading became obvious . About 60 % colour remained at 3-4 weeks . - Greys were covered adequately . - Condition was bearable . Hair was ` squeaky ' and tangled easily , rather than soft and silky , and the ends were suffering , but all of this was less severe than with some other chemical dyes . - No allergies or irritation . - After 3 + months of using this product once every 3-4 weeks my HAIR WAS FALLING OUT at such a rate that my hairdresser panicked and wanted me to see a doctor ! My hair became so thin it was ridiculous . I had to stop using the product.At this point I officially gave up on chemical hair dyes ! I researched how to use a mix of natural Henna , Indigo and Amla herb powders . This has been freakin ' fantastic !!! My results are : - Hair loss normalised within 2-3 weeks . - Condition is superb - silky , soft , full . - Colour is natural-looking and very resilient - 90 % remaining after 3-4 weeks . - Grays are adequately covered . - I am not doing untold damange to my health and the environment by using gross chemicals.I WILL NEVER LOOK BACK . I am actually ashamed that I was so ignorant of this awesome , far superior option for safely colouring hair ! For anyone whose hair is on the spectrum of ` stawberry blonde - copper - auburn - brown - black ' -LRB- i.e. everyone except blondes -RRB- I can not recommend highly enough that you dump chemical colours and learn to mix and use henna/indigo/amla at home . There 's no comparison and you will never look back .
 I began having obvious allergic reaction to hair dyes at the end of 2011 -LRB- took awhile to recognize -RRB- . I did some research , thought maybe Tints of Nature would be safer ... the product description makes you `` feel '' like it might be safer . -LRB- It has a lot of organic materials , but still has PPD -RRB- . It claims to be more `` organic '' . I have read that PPD builds up a toxicity in your system -LRB- I even waited for over 7 weeks since my last reg hair dye -RRB- . My reactions included
 I bought this because I wanted to eliminate all the harsh chemicals in standard dyes.I have natural medium brown hair , with a few whites that I dye myself regularly.I usually buy light brown because I 've had bad experiences with some dyes dyeing my hair darker than it is.So i bought the light natural brown in Nature tints.While the smell was pleasant during the process , after I rinsed and washed , my hair turned not brown , but black ! JET BLACK ! it '' s so awful , i am so upset . The only good thing is this is not a permanent dye and I will wash my hair often to try to get it off as quickly as possible.Also , very disappointing was that it left my hair feeling like straw , just like the other dyes on the market , and the conditioner was not good . There was too little of it in the packet to fully cover my hair , and it was light not a heavy-duty conditioner that I am used to after a coloring job.I will never buy again.I was hoping to find a way out of the harsh dyes out there , but I ca n't live with black hair .
 I bought this product -LRB- 4M / Med . Mahogany brown -RRB- hoping for a BEAUTIFUL milk chocolate colored head of hair . I was surprised to see the color of `` Boston Baked Beans '' -LRB- candy -RRB- on my gloves & hair !!! I followed the instructions to the letter , BUT I STILL washed NEARLY $ 20 DOWN THE DRAIN !! My natural / unprocessed hair was STILL dark brown / almost black !!!! SAVE YOUR $ $ $ $ $ $ on THIS ONE folks !!!!
 I have MILDLY sensitive skin . . at least I did before I tried the 3 step program which included the # 2 lotion at first.All seemed well with world for about a week ... then all heck broke loose . I broke out in welts on my chin and nose ... painful , dry and burning . I know it was due to the soap and toner.The lady at the Clinique counter `` convinced '' me that I needed to stick with the soap and switched me to this mild toner . Mild ??? It has salicylic acid in it !! ACID , people !!!! The issue just compounded.The soap is WAY too drying . This is the gimmick
 Trying to find an aluminum free deodorant ? Do n't try this one . It made my underarms sticky . After an hour I could n't stand it and had to wash it off .
 This is the worst excuse for a deodorant I 've ever used . I smelled ever worse than if I had used nothing ! Do n't waste your six dollars
 I think I covered it all in the subject . The bar itself smells kind of like lemon , so it is n't really unscented as the company claims , first of all . They also claim it protects for 24 hours , when in fact it hardly protects for 4 . I should 've actually typed in protects between quote signs , because very shortly after putting it on you start smelling strange and as time goes by , it becomes a nasty smell , literally like feet that have been wearing sneakers in humidity . I am not overweight nor do I have strong bodily odor , but what I do have is a strong sense of smell . Honestly , I think the only way you could actually vote this product highly is if you
 I bought this product 2 weeks ago . I started using it and loved it ! The smell was nice and it was all natural . A few days ago , I noticed a rash starting right at the end of my armpit . It was accompanied with hot and burning in my armpits . My skin is sensitive , but I did n't think it was that sensitive ...
 I 'm really not sure if this is the same product . It does not look like the one advertised or the one I 've used in the past . This one was blue . I 'm not sure if it 's just updated packaging ? Unfortunately , it also does n't seem to work as well .
 I have n't had an easy time trying to find a natural deodorant . Either they are n't `` strong '' enough to last throughout the day or , like this product , they burn my skin to the point that it is raw . I used this product for only a day and a half before I had to run to the nearest bathroom to wash this crap from my pits . As of now , I am still using regular deodorant . I would love to drop the stuff , but I have yet to find an adequate replacement .
 This stuff does n't work for me . I think mine says 24 hour protection , but it does n't last even a few hours . Also , I found that if I get dressed right after I put it on it leaves wet marks that show through my shirt . It makes it look like I have sweaty pits . So now I have to wait a little while before I finish getting dressed , wipe my armpits with some tissue , and then put a shirt on . I do n't want to throw the whole thing out as it was over 4 bucks , but this stuff just does not work . It smells nice , but that 's about it . I will never buy it again .
 I have been using natural skincare for a while . I decided the next step in the natural direction would be deodorant . I picked up Tom 's of Maine Apricot scent . I thought it smelled really nice . The first few days I was pleasantly surprised . It was n't as powerful as non natural brands , but it did keep odor at bay . I have been using this for about two weeks , and now my armpits are on fire ! At first I could n't figure out what was wrong . My arm pits were literally peeling . They felt like that had a really bad sunburn . I did n't put two and two together for a few more days . My arm pits are bright red and they are on fire . I ca n't even shave my arm pits right now ... gross right ? I am having to put 100 % shea butter on before I go to bed . I actually feel like I have a chemical burn.Before writing this review off , I have to tell you I have never had a reaction to ANY product . I have used probably close to 100 different brands of cosmetics and skincare products from cheap to expensive , from non natural to completely natural . This is the ONLY product I have ever had a reaction to . Please be careful . I would start out with the unscented kind first . That one seems to have better reviews . Also , the first time you notice irritation , discontinue use ! It will only get worse .
 I tried this only once and had to wash it off right away as it stung and burned so badly . Several of the other of the Tom 's Long Lastings in different scents have reviews that say the say . If you have skin that is tough as nails you might like it , otherwise , I would stay away .
 I have developed a painful , red rash and burning from only using this product for 2 days . I immediately stopped using this product but I am still experiencing burning and pain and it 's been over a week . I have researched this on the internet and have found many similar claims . I contacted the company and they are requesting I send the product -LRB- and providing a postage paid envelope -RRB- to them for testing . They are also providing a refund or replacement product in exchange . If you have even mildly sensitive skin I would definitely not recommend using this product .
 If this does n't cause a rash for you , you 're in the happy minority . For many people out there -LSB- ... -RSB- it causes the skin to peel off your armpits and a burning sensation . This seems to be occurring specifically with their `` long lasting '' varieties.best of luck -
 I bought Tom 's long-lasting care , apricot , deodorant at the urging of my boyfriend who feared my use of aluminum based antiperspirants . Initially , it worked fine , by the end of the day I had some b.o. but it wasnt much and I 'd just shower anyway . However , a few weeks in I felt a burning sensation in my arm pits that would not go away . I thought it was because I was using an old razor , but the burning continued after I replaced the razor . My skin has been red , raised and burning for a week . Now I read that this has happened to other users of this deodorant . I 'll be switching to another deodorant right away .
 I am only on this site because I began using the Tom 's Unscented -LRB- purchased from Walmart -RRB- and for the first week it was great . As of two weeks ago , I 've noticed this painful burn . I thought it was because I was sweating and possibly &#34; sweat gland acclimation &#34; or something like that , to not having the aluminum . As of today , my arm pits are red , raw and in pain . . So much , that I have n't even been able to switch back to my old deodorant . As a female who is trying to eliminate as many inorganic products as possible from my life , this is a real disappointment to me . I do n't want the aluminum , but I definitely do n't want this red burning . I 'm a real customer , with a real voice . Please -LRB- Tom 's -RRB- evaluate this product make-up . It seems it is doing this to a lot of users . It 's not just me .
 This deodorant irritated my skin and caused painful , itchy , red spots . I have used many different deodorant brands before and I never received such a bad reaction from using one . I bought the Tom 's brand thinking it is natural and therefore can not be harmful to skin but just the opposite of that happened to me . I even had to go to the bathroom and wash it off from my armpits due to the painful reaction . I will not be buying anything from this brand again .
 smells great , lasts long , leaves you with horrible rashes . Very disappointed in Toms . Makes me doubt their other products . Not happy at all .
 As someone has become more health conscious , I wanted to started using skincare products that were better for me and for the environment . Naturally , this included finding an aluminum free deodorant . Tom 's of Maine was my first choice since it was recommended by a friend who uses it religiously . I started off with the original scent which did not work at all . I then opted for the Apricot version and my experience with this product went down hill from there . Initially , I felt a slight sting but I attributed that sensation to my skin just getting used to the new aluminum free formula . After a few months , I noticed my skin peeling and my armpits turning red . Tonight , I looked at my armpits a little closer and I now have red , raw skin over the lower half of my armpits . It 's disgusting ! Despite the lovely smell of the Apricot and the aluminum free formula , I can not use this deodorant any longer . My armpits look like they were severely sunburned . Off to finding something better ...
 I 've been using Tom 's apricot , long-lasting brand deoderant for several years . Lately , it 's been burning my armpits when I start to sweat . It hurts so bad that I have to rush home , wash it off , use alcohol as a solvent to dissolve what ever is left , and stop using any deoderant for several days until the skin heals . There is a red inflamed ring around my armpits and peeling -LRB- though I think it is the glue nature of the deooderant peeling but may include skin as well as other people are claiming -RRB- . I do n't know why sometimes it 's fine , while other times it burns without mercy ! I 've thrown all of them away . I have one lavender stick that I will try - but even this scent has the zinc ricinoleate and hops ingredients that other people are saying cause rash . Looking online , I 've found almost a hundred posts from other people having the same burning and peeling reaction.The reason I chose Tom 's was because aluminum anti-perspirant makes me itch very badly . So , now I have to find another alternative deoderant.They pride themselves -LRB- and are selling themselves -RRB- based on the fact that they do n't test on animals . Well , it seems they are not doing much testing at ALL if many people are getting hurt from their product and yet they still sell without skin-rash warning label on their product .
 I would not recommend the Tom 's of Maine long-lasting natural deodorant , especially for those with sensitive skin . I do not have sensitive skin by any means , but this deodorant caused my armpits to burn for an hour after application . I tried it every day for about a week before giving up . I was hoping that maybe my skin would adapt to it or something , but it did n't happen . It gave great protection and I smelled fresh all day and night , but I could n't get past the burning . Also , Tom 's of Maine is a little more expensive than regular deodorants at about $ 6 per stick . One other thing I did n't like too much about it is that it went on more like a gel so it took a while for it to dry after applying . I did like that they have a wider variety of scents to choose from .
 I started using the 12 hour Lavender scent and while I loved the scent , the deodorant factor barely lasted 4 hours . I had to buy another one to take to work just to get the through the day . When I discovered the 24 hour protection , I immediately bought it . I had no burning sensation or irritation , and while it certainly did n't last 24 hours , I was able to get through the work day and into the evening without any odor . I even sweat a little -LRB- which is natural and I 'm good with that -RRB- and the deodorant combatted the potential odor well . I 'm not fond of the fragrance -LRB- I prefer lavender -RRB- , but I could live with it . Until today -LRB- about three weeks after starting to use it -RRB- , I would have given this deodorant much higher marks . Alas , it was time to wax my pits and when I raised my arm over my head -- GASP -- my underarms were a sort of reddish gray color and there was faint peeling -LRB- like a sunburn -RRB- . The discoloration was exactly in the area where I apply the deodorant . I went online and found out I 'm not alone -- on the one hand it 's good not to be the only peeling pit person , on the other ... well , peeling pits and discolored skin are not so good . In the meantime , back to the old anti-perspirant loaded with aluminum until this funky problem goes away . -LRB- Side note
 I use many Tom 's of Maine products , and am generally satisfied . However , this product is awful . It 's so drying that my armpit skin peels and flakes off . No one wants peeling armpits . The roller ball version of this product -LRB- in the clear , squat container , not the taller opaque container -RRB- does n't have the same drying effect , and seems to last longer .
 I switched from `` regular '' deodorants to the natural ones because we shifted all of our products we eat and use in that direction . Regular deodorants never made me break out or caused burning , but this one was bad . It burned pretty bad for almost an hour , even after washing it off with soap and water . My wife 's pits were left stained -LRB- not her shirt , but her actual skin was stained -RRB- and she had lots of small bumps.We are switching to Aubrey Organics deodorant , and we might try Weleda as well . Deodorant is one of the trickiest products to find a natural/organic replacement for , and one of the last products left we do n't have a favorite for yet .5 . cl
 I used to use Tom 's deodorant when they had a great product for a man . Then because some whinny customers called in about being allergic to oregano which used to be one of the ingredients , they changed all their formulas over to hops -- the same stuff that 's used to make beer . This hops-based product smells stale as soon as you put it on and it does n't get better throughout the day . My girlfriend does n't like it either . Tom 's should have left well-enough alone since they had great products before . They lost me as a customer and probably many others . It 's very difficult to find a natural man 's deodorant that smells pleasant without overdoing it with things like Pine or Woodsy . This is the 21st century , not 1970 !
 I was very enthusiastic when I initially ordered this , but my disappointment is now the only thing I can associate with the Tom 's brand . I tried the product for more than three weeks , thinking that maybe the redness and burning would go away with time . Unfortunately it did n't . The lemongrass smell was nice at first , but it did nothing after about an hour and a half . I have never had issues with odors , but this does nothing to mask the smell that accrues with the wear of the regular work day . If you are planning to exercise , forget it ! It wo n't hold up . It gets on clothing easily and shows up as a filmy paste under your arms even if you use it sparingly . Using it in larger quantities also did n't make it work more effectively . I 'm switching to arm and hammer just to see if I can possibly find a deodorant that is natural and does n't contain aluminum .
 In order to make this review relevant , I 'll tell you that I 'm a male and I work outdoors pretty much most of the year . In other words , I sweat a lot when it 's hot . I purchased the Tom 's of Maine Natural Care 12 hour long lasting apricot deodorant stick because it was aluminum free and the apricot smell was the least offensive out of the available choices . In my case , some of the negative side affects that I read about in other reviews were actually true . Upon applying the deodorant stick , I did notice the it would start to foam up as though I was putting shaving cream under my arms . Secondly , after a few days of usage , my underarms started to have a burning sensation once I applied the deodorant . Finally , the effectiveness of the deodorant deteriorated as the day progressed , so much so that I would ask the Lord to have mercy on anyone who was standing next to me after 12:01 hours of wearing said deodorant . I finally gave up on the product and switched to Naturally Fresh Deodorant Crystal . I must say that I 'm impressed with my new purchase ; I worked in 90 degree weather , same work schedule and I made it home without any traces of a hard days work . I 'm giving the Tom 's Brand two stars because at least they tried to make a product without using aluminum .
 I 've been interested in trying a natural , aluminum-free deodorant for quite some time . I picked the apricot smell because it was pleasant and not too strong and the other choice was lavender , which can sometimes smell too `` organic-y '' for my tastes . Unfortunately , this pick just does n't work.This deodorant says it provides 12-hour protection , whereas my aluminum-containing Dove deodorant claims 24 hour-long protection . I do n't usually struggle with body odor and have never smelled myself with Dove deodorant , even after a period longer than 24 hours . However , with Tom 's , even while I 'm aware that it would n't last as long , I can smell body odor in just 5 or 6 hours . Gross !!! I feel I need either to shower or reapply the deodorant every few hours or so , which just is n't realistic . On a minor note , I also do n't like how the solid stick becomes liquid in consistency upon application and takes forever to dry . So sad . I really would like to find an alumnium-free deodorant that works !
 I 've been trying to switch all of my personal care products to organic products , so I like that this is a widely available organic deoderant . -LRB- It 's sold in my local grocery store and in Target . -RRB- I also like the apricot scent . Unfortunately , it just does n't work for me . I 've never been a really big sweater or had to worry about whether I stink , but with this I am constantly reapplying and worried that I smell . I do n't care for the sticky feeling when I first put it on , but it dries so I can get over that . It just does n't last though . It says 12 hours but I find myself starting to smell sweat much sooner than this . I really wanted it to be great , and I guess it 's fine if you do n't mind reapplying throughout the day , but that 's not for me .
 Not only did it not stop body odor , it irritated my skin . This is supposed to be better for me?This product was the last straw . Between this and the toothpaste that did n't prevent cavities , I 'm never using a Tom 's of Maine product again . If you want to go natural , there are much better and more effective products out there . For example , Crystal Body Deodorant , 4.25 Oz , -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- - 4 Totalworks better and does n't give you skin irritation .
 While the product did do the minimum job of blocking B.O. , the deodorant had one major issue that made me throw it out . If you get out of the shower , dry off , and then apply the deodorant , your arm pits get sudsy ! I think this is to do with the sodium stearate , aloe , and glycerin byproducts , all found in soaps . So if you want a similar effect from this deodorant , just take some soap and rub it under your arm pits ! Probably would work just as well , but if you do n't want sudsy arm pits , look elsewhere .
 After having used this product for a few weeks I felt confident that I would not be one of those who would have an allergic reaction to it . Seeing as how it was natural and smelled good I wanted to believe in it . I always go for the natural products before anything else ... But boy was I wrong to pick this!The deodorant initially worked fine , but then about 3 weeks into wearing it I noticed that my skin was very dry under my arms , and places were peeling like I had just gotten over a minor sunburn . No biggie . Then came the burning . It had burned before but only when I put it on right after a shower -LRB- and being a female who shaves her underarms I thought that might have been why it burned -RRB- . Got up one morning after I had washed the deodorant off the night before and there was a large strip of skin rubbed completely raw on the side of my underarm toward my back . This stuff caused an allergic reaction on places that I did n't even put the deodorant on ! Then my underarms began to peel worse and before it was all over I was searching every super-store for some sort of relief . Finally settled on Old Spice After Hours Deodorant -LRB- without an anti-perspirant -RRB- to use instead . I did n't think it was going to cause a reaction 3 weeks into wearing it but I was obviously mistaken.At first I would have recommended it , but I am warning you DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I have sensitive skin and regular deodorant makes me break out so I started using Adidas aluminum free deodorant which worked really well . Eventually though I could n't find it in the store anymore , I guess they stopped selling it . So I started using toms and I thought it smelled pretty decent but it does n't work ! Like , at all . I put it on and literally a minute later I 'm sweating and the deodorant it starting to smell really ... I do n't know how to describe it but it 's just weird . Not weird in a good way either . My advice is use it if you want to but not if you sweat a lot like I do or if you 're about to do something where you know you 're going to get really sweaty because if you try to go to the club and dance or something while wearing toms then trust me you 're gon na be pretty ripe in about 30 minutes so just wear regular deodorant . So basically only wear toms in the winter time when you 're doing absolutely nothing . Then it works . I guess .
 I bought a Zeno , hoping it would reduce the severity of my occasional acne outbreaks . Since I was n't sure the device would work for my type of acne , I decided to buy a used one and save some money.I plugged it into the charger , the charge light came on , and I let it charge for several hours . For safety , you have to unplug it from the charger in order to use it , so I unplugged it and and pressed the button . Nothing happened . The charge light had stayed on as long as the device was plugged into the charger , but when I unplugged it in order to actually use it , everything went completely dead . I then plugged it back in and let it charge overnight . Then , I tried it again , and again nothing happened . It did not heat up . There were no lights , nothing.I continued letting it charge for ever-longer periods of time to no avail . Checking the instructions , it turns out that the battery becomes useless after a few years . It had probably been sitting around unused in someone 's closet for a long time before she sold it to me . By the time I received it , it was DOA . I wrote to the seller , kisha_cold , but she never responded , so I guess I just wasted $ 60 . I never got around to leaving any seller feedback . Perhaps I should have.They make these devices as flimsy as possible in order to make you go out and buy a new one again and again . If you decide to give it a try , make sure you buy a NEW one from a physical store so that you can easily return it if it does n't work !
 These are NOT the usual Purell sanitizing products - as their main ingredient is benzethonium chloride , they promote resistance . This is how we get `` super germs . '' Use the other Purell products - the ones that contain alcohol , not benzethonium chloride .
 I like this color because it most closely resembles my natural color of all the ones I 've tried . However , the gray coverage is poor . I do not have a lot of gray -- maybe 2-3 percent . So I will probably go back to Nature Tint .
 I started using Tints of Nature 4N to try to correct the dreadful redness that came with the Naturtint colours . My hair is a medium golden-brown and I was aiming for a darker golden-brown . My results were : - Less fake-looking red undertones than Nauturtint . - Colour lasted about 3 weeks before fading became obvious . About 60 % colour remained at 3-4 weeks . - Greys were covered adequately . - Condition was bearable . Hair was ` squeaky ' and tangled easily , rather than soft and silky , and the ends were suffering , but all of this was less severe than with some other chemical dyes . - No allergies or irritation . - After 3 + months of using this product once every 3-4 weeks my HAIR WAS FALLING OUT at such a rate that my hairdresser panicked and wanted me to see a doctor ! My hair became so thin it was ridiculous . I had to stop using the product.At this point I officially gave up on chemical hair dyes ! I researched how to use a mix of natural Henna , Indigo and Amla herb powders . This has been freakin ' fantastic !!! My results are : - Hair loss normalised within 2-3 weeks . - Condition is superb - silky , soft , full . - Colour is natural-looking and very resilient - 90 % remaining after 3-4 weeks . - Grays are adequately covered . - I am not doing untold damange to my health and the environment by using gross chemicals.I WILL NEVER LOOK BACK . I am actually ashamed that I was so ignorant of this awesome , far superior option for safely colouring hair ! For anyone whose hair is on the spectrum of ` stawberry blonde - copper - auburn - brown - black ' -LRB- i.e. everyone except blondes -RRB- I can not recommend highly enough that you dump chemical colours and learn to mix and use henna/indigo/amla at home . There 's no comparison and you will never look back .
 I began having obvious allergic reaction to hair dyes at the end of 2011 -LRB- took awhile to recognize -RRB- . I did some research , thought maybe Tints of Nature would be safer ... the product description makes you `` feel '' like it might be safer . -LRB- It has a lot of organic materials , but still has PPD -RRB- . It claims to be more `` organic '' . I have read that PPD builds up a toxicity in your system -LRB- I even waited for over 7 weeks since my last reg hair dye -RRB- . My reactions included
 I bought this because I wanted to eliminate all the harsh chemicals in standard dyes.I have natural medium brown hair , with a few whites that I dye myself regularly.I usually buy light brown because I 've had bad experiences with some dyes dyeing my hair darker than it is.So i bought the light natural brown in Nature tints.While the smell was pleasant during the process , after I rinsed and washed , my hair turned not brown , but black ! JET BLACK ! it '' s so awful , i am so upset . The only good thing is this is not a permanent dye and I will wash my hair often to try to get it off as quickly as possible.Also , very disappointing was that it left my hair feeling like straw , just like the other dyes on the market , and the conditioner was not good . There was too little of it in the packet to fully cover my hair , and it was light not a heavy-duty conditioner that I am used to after a coloring job.I will never buy again.I was hoping to find a way out of the harsh dyes out there , but I ca n't live with black hair .
 I bought this product -LRB- 4M / Med . Mahogany brown -RRB- hoping for a BEAUTIFUL milk chocolate colored head of hair . I was surprised to see the color of `` Boston Baked Beans '' -LRB- candy -RRB- on my gloves & hair !!! I followed the instructions to the letter , BUT I STILL washed NEARLY $ 20 DOWN THE DRAIN !! My natural / unprocessed hair was STILL dark brown / almost black !!!! SAVE YOUR $ $ $ $ $ $ on THIS ONE folks !!!!
 Did not eliminate most yellow tones . Had better results just using Shimmering Lights Shampoo under a showercap for 40 minutes and in ratio that is much more cost-effective -LRB- and compartively , more effective in general -RRB- .
 Not like it , did not lightened my hair even when it was light orangy color ready bleached , my hair just ended up damaged thats the only thing i got from this product
 I used because I had read a recommendation on another forum from a licensed cosmetologistwho said it was the best to get platinum blond look . My hair ended up darker than beforei used it . It turned what what I would call a `` dirty blonde '' . Do not recommend !!!
 ive been taking this item for 3 months and there is still no change in my appearence .
 Like many women , I was looking for a product that would naturally increase the size of my bust . This product does not work . Like they say , `` If it 's too good to be true , it is . ''
 The bottle was half empty and broken.It should be replaced or I should get my money back.H . Gutierrez
 I want to like it specially after paying $ 30 for it . I do n't think it 's worth this much at all ... it should be selling for $ 20 max ! I do n't know if it works or not , ca n't tell it yet . I have long dark thick wave hair . I often dry it straight . This brush hurts a bit and it 's kind of unpractical . I have tried like 5 times already but ca n't seem to learn the right way to use it . My hair gets caught on it a lot and it hurts . I have to use it kind of slow to prevent the tangling . it has not improved the speed of my drying time at all . I ca n't tell if it make it smooth and shiny , I do n't think so . I kind of want to return it as I do n't think it works ... I 'm taking it to my hair stylist next week and see what she thinks .
 Love the size . I bought it because it claimed to be 100 % seamless body and absolutely snag-feel . This is NOT true though -- there is a bottom seam which pulls , traps and breaks my hair ! Also the rubber grip will grab and pull hair , too . So I am returning and am still on the hunt for a brush that does not harm my hair .
 I really liked this brush for a few days , but the bristles simply did n't hold up to the heat of the hair dryer and became bent/melted . I expected more for the price !
 I bought one of these brushes in every size over a year ago . The brush itself is great . The problem is the rubberized handle grip . I would prefer a brush with a smooth or wood grip , since the grip also rips out your hair when you are using the brush . This happens with regularity . Over time , I think the value of the grip is outweighed by the breakage and damage to the hair .
 I searched every where and finally I found my dad 's favorite hard to fine Kinetic by Paul Sebastian . I receivedthe package , it said new and I was disappointed how it came in ! It came in a mail in a small plastic mail bag andin the bag the cologne was packed in a thin white box . The cologne had no lid and it was spray top was NOT screwedon tightly , so it leaked out and soaked the box . The bottle was only 3/4 full after leakage . I did n't return itbecause my fathers birthday was the next day and I promised him that I 'll find another bottle . This is not normalto receive that kind of packaging from Amazon , but I guess I should blame the company that told Amazon that is wasnew !
 I bought this because I wanted a simple natural body wash . I use many Toms of Maine products and like them , but I wo n't get this body wash again . It feels the same as using a bar of regular soap . It leaves that tight , residue-y feeling and actually burns sensitive areas .
 I hated this body wash . I was looking for an unscented body wash , but this had the weirdest , most awful smell . Somewhat plant like , sort of . Aside from not delivering what it stated it would , it also left my skin super dry and icky . Kind of like there was a film or residue on my skin.I used it twice then threw it out .
 Wo n't stay on my dryer . For the money not worth my time returning . Not happy and would not recommend purchasing this product .
 The polish was very thin and did not give the coverage that OPI is known to have . Also , my hand brushed the bottle and it rolled from the vanity into the sink and broke . It was not a long way from the vanity to the sink and the bathroom sink is not deep . I own other OPI polishes and this new one did not compare favorably . I have not used this vendor before and do not recommend .
 I 'm a 29 yr old male with very mild acne , just a few flare ups , but my skin could be better , so I thought I 'd try this kit cause i saw some good reviews . Beware !! I only applied this threesome once and it dried out my skin for 3 days . My face also felt burnt and itchy for 3 day as well . I do have sensitive skin but Ive used proactive in the past and it was great , cleared my skin up , and no burning . Lesson learned , dont go for the imitators , spend the money on proactive .
 After reading the reviews for this product , I decided to buy it and try it for myself . I 'm 24 years old and I rarely had acne as a teenager , but I 've been having some problems these past few years . I tried proactiv and I noticed a difference but I was n't completely satisfied with the results . I started using Loreal about 1 month ago and at first -LRB- after the 3rd day or so -RRB- I thought it was getting better-hopeful wishing-but then it just went downhill . I still continued to use it thinking that it might work if I give it some time and follow the exact instructions but after 3 weeks I gave up . My acne is even worse and I have acne in places that I 've never had before -LRB- jaw area -RRB- . It might work for some people but unfortunately it did n't work for me . If you have the money and are desperate to find something that works , I recommend trying it out for 2-3 weeks . It might work for you or it might not . A shot in the dark if you ask me .
 Ordered Clearly Natural Blackberry glycerine soap at a good price . Got ten bars of cucumber instead . Not worth the money or hassle to send it back . Does n't lather very well or hold together very well and smells like a cucumber . Whoa .
 I love Jergens ' moisturizers and they work really great . But I ca n't say the same about this toning cream . I used it in my butt , thighs and arms and it has n't worked for me . I used twice a day until I finished the bottle and nothing . It was very cheap and it smells good , but that 's all . I think it works fine as a moisturizer but not as a firming cream . I have been using another cream for over a month and it works better -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003UJHSUI/ref=ox_ya_os_product -RRB- . Yeah , it is more expensive , but it is worth trying . Maybe the Jergens product work , it has good reviews , but at least for me it did n't .
 I just purchased this product and am sorry I did . For the $ 38.00 I paid I could have bought 4 of my favorite lip glosses from my local drug store . I am 37 and have relatively full lips and was inticed by the advertising that this product would give my lips a fuller appearance . This product did nothing . . I exfoliated my lips well and applied the gloss as directed I did feel a numbing effect and the color was pretty but did not get the advertised fuller/plumper lips . If Lipfusion was so confident in their product they would offer a money back guarantee ! That being said they would probably go out of business .
 I ca n't believe this company has the nerve to set a price of $ 38 . Amazon had it for $ 10.59 and I got it with some other alleged plumpers of about the same price to try it out . The current price is $ 21 -- just ridiculous . It is a pretty lip gloss with a slightly sweet taste . It licks off easily so it does n't last long . It has no other effect , but the company includes a long information page in many languages with purportedly scientific details and the fact that you 'll get best results when it 's used in combination with several of their other products . Incredible . I do n't give it one star because I save that for products that actually cause harm or are extraordinarily displeasing .
 Not as good as the XL version . but it is a nice gloss so my wifes says . she gave the rest of it to a friend .
 The product feels nice on the lips . But it did not do what it promised . Way too pricy .
 Nope . Does n't work . As a lip gloss it 's okay but you can find a better lip gloss at a better price anywhere .
 This stuff did n't do a thing other then make my lips tingle a bit and feel sticky ,
 As my title says that all these items marketed to women are basically total waste of money PERIOD . Women dont get it , PLZZZ Stop we men dont care about this crap .
 This particular color has a very bad fragrance and flavor to it . I do n't know why , but it does . I wo n't be using this color . The actual gloss is fine , it goes on smooth , looks nice , but the smell and the taste will prevent me from using it .
 Did n't experience any difference in lip texture , plumping , moisture , nothing . Tingly ? Yes . Anything beyond that ? No . Could not use under lipstick in the morning or it would smear off . Applied it , left it on as long as possible but eventually had to remove what was left before applying lipstick . Applied at night before bedtime . No noticeable difference for me . Disappointed .
 I with the lady who said this is a waste of money . If you are looking for a nice color with a shine lipstick go to a store , and get a nice one for a lot less . I was looking for the plumping , and there was n't any .
 This product works as promised , stimulating a `` slightly puffy lip '' response within one minute or less ... However , it is gone within about 20 minutes . So you will feel great walking out the door or getting a quick photo ... but it does n't last long . In my experience , a reapplication does not give the same response ... unless you wait for a few hours or wash off all your lip stain or lip stick and re-apply . And , not much in the .29 oz tube ... for the cost.But it does exactly what it promises .
 This was a total waste of money for me . I wanted the best the first time around so I purchased what I thought was the best , but the only thing it was best at doing was absolutely NOTHING . If you want to waste your money , try this product . It will tingle a little , then you 'll rush to the mirror and find that it 's done zero for your lips.NOT recommended .
 This was obviously on sale because it 's been on a shelf for awhile . I 'd guess a year or two.The color was n't right and I do n't get the same tingle or plumping effect as with the product normally .
 Does n't perform as claimed . Good moisterizing lip cream with a tingle , but no better plumping performance for lips than any of several brands already tried , some cheaper and many more expensive . Perhaps a topical ca n't really do the trick .
 Lip Fusion did not work well at all ... the woman in the picture is misleading . .
 I have to say that over the years I have tried many different beauty products in pursuit of those lusious cushy lips all the celebrities have these days . From lip venom , to lip fusion , to celebrity sexy lips , all of these have given great temporary results , then after about 30 minutes the effect goes away and all I have is sticky , very un sexy lips . This product is also way too thick , which does help keep it on my lips , but my fiance HATES to kiss me with this stuff on . Also , this stuff tastes kind of gross so if flavoring is a factor when you choose your lip plumper then this is n't your product . My advice is to check out City Lips original formula its the only product I have ever seen any results with , and it won goodhousekeepings best plumper award twice , after month long testing sessions .
 I used this product for over two months . I did n't notice any difference in the plumping of my lips during that period . I used it as long as I did in hopes that the product had a cumulative effect ; alas - I believe it has none .
 I used this limp plumber for 3 weeks 3 to 4 times a day . Even thought it kept my lips well moisturized and full , it did n't do anything more than the Blistex Ointment I use in the Winter and which costs about 1/30 of the price ! It 's just a good lip moisturizer . Needless to say , I returned it to Sephora .
 Save your money . I only gave this product 2 stars because it does keep my lips from drying out like they usually do by the end of the day . But thats a pretty darn expensive chap stick if thats all it does . I wasnt expecting to look like Angelina Jolie BUT a little bit of change would have been great after spending over 35 bux ! So save your money and go buy a few tubes of blistex or chapstick . I wish I had !
 ... and yet , they are not . To be fair , I do n't really have what would be considered thin lips , but they could use a slight pump . So , I use as directed ; I promise . Here 's what I get
 It smells really nice and has a decent amount of little scrubby bits , but honestly it 's barely last two weeks and it 's kind of upsetting because I usually get a month out of a bottle this size .
 -LRB- Do n't kid yourself that you are all things to all people Amaz0n . This product is no longer avaialble and people have to order it to find out , because you are knee-deep in sub-vendor relationships whose inventory is not tied to this site -RRB- I have coarse hair and I have run through dozens of useless haircare products in search of something that works . I 've even considered going without any styling product , as there is no way my natural unruly , out-of-control hair can look any worse than it does using those products . So it was in a mood of disgruntlement I tossed this , my latest experiment , into the basket . I 'm not particularly interested in enhancing curls -LRB- I do n't have any -RRB- but I 'll try anything.What a surprise . This product holds my hair without turning it into a helmet . It 's easily refixable all day with a little water . And my hair feels amazing & silky , with this stuff in it , not crisp , ruined and dried out . I love running my hands through my hair with this in it . I have never experienced a product like this before . I 'm pretty happy something finally worked.Thank you for making this ! Now please do n't retire the product . My only small complaint is that the initial scent -LRB- which fades very quickly -RRB- could be less like Grandma perfume .
 Bought this cream for a gift and when I received it read the ingredients , it contains all the Parabens in the market , so I can not really say anything about the product myself because I did n't try that on my skin , according with my friend is a good moisturizer , but I wo n't buy again , for me or anybody else .
 Trusting L'Occitane , I purchased this product mainly for the orange scent . But , the only orange scent was for about half a second when first pouring out the product . Then the scent was replaced by a heavy perfume smell . If you are searching for a natural , citrus scent of some kind , do not buy this product .
 Before this , I 'd never used Olay . I knew many recommended the name , in general and when I was needing new face wash , I thought I 'd check this out . Normally , I use cleansers meant to combat acne but since my skin had been clear for a while , I thought I 'd branch out.I should n't have . I was sorely disappointed for this product . Though it claims to be for combination/oily skin , my skin became much more greasy after use . My acne also flared up . My face felt rather disgusting.I 'm not sure if this cleanser was so drying that my face recoiled by going overboard with oil or if it just failed to cleanse my skin of oil but , either way , I was left with unpleasant skin.I 've been trying to use this product up as it 's a rather large tube and I do n't want to be wasteful but it 's taking quite some time and every time I switched back to Olay , my break faces out and becomes covered in Oil again.Perhaps I just need a different product or this one is a poor representation of Olay products but , either way , it can be improved .
 Before this , I 'd never used Olay . I knew many recommended the name , in general and when I was needing new face wash , I thought I 'd check this out . Normally , I use cleansers meant to combat acne but since my skin had been clear for a while , I thought I 'd branch out.I should n't have . I was sorely disappointed for this product . Though it claims to be for combination/oily skin , my skin became much more greasy after use . My acne also flared up . My face felt rather disgusting.I 'm not sure if this cleanser was so drying that my face recoiled by going overboard with oil or if it just failed to cleanse my skin of oil but , either way , I was left with unpleasant skin.I 've been trying to use this product up as it 's a rather large tube and I do n't want to be wasteful but it 's taking quite some time and every time I switched back to Olay , my break faces out and becomes covered in Oil again.Perhaps I just need a different product or this one is a poor representation of Olay products but , either way , it can be improved .
 Very disappointed with this product . It came sealed in a box from Perfumania but the silver cap was tarnished and the smell was very faint . I have no explanation for this but I know the cap should not have looked like that and I know the scent should have lasted longer as I have used this perfume . Trying to contact the seller was an adventure in frustration.You contact Customer Service , they write back , signing it Customer Service , like you are not speaking to a live person , and they insist you call them to discuss it . I guess the lengthy e mail was not enough . Luckily , Amazon stood behind the consumer and refunded my money and I did not have to deal with the seller .
 This was purchased for the great price ! I found that the box was sun bleached or faded from years of sitting . It did not smell as the Pleasures I purchased at Macy 's . The seller would not accept what I said and I did n't want to pay to ship it back . Very disappointed at the aged cologne scent .
 This brush is so small it tangles the hair . I only use the side that helps me part my hair .
 I 'm 34 and I do not have sensitive skin , but it tends to be a little dry . I used this lotion twice and each time my face turned candy apple red . Maybe I did n't remember any pain the first time I used it , but the 2nd time - last night - my face did n't tingle it BURNT . I could actually see sharp distinction were I had missed a spot . I always read the ingredients carefully and I often use `` natural '' products so I ca n't think of what could have irritated my skin so badly - and like I said my skin is absurdly not sensitive , I 'm probably part rhinoceros . I used to use a AHA creme quite often and I never had the reaction I had to this creme . I 'm waiting for the Earth Science company to write me back . Unfortunately I lost the box and I think it was a discontinued style jar -LRB- it is white not orange like the one that is pictured here -RRB- because the company name is slightly different - I guess there were 2 cosmetic companies with the same name and these folks had to change their name .
 I love using all-natural , organic products whenever possible , so I was very excited when I discovered this Aubrey Organics lotion . In particular , the name of this product gave me the impression that its fragrance would be so rich , fruity , and feminine , so I knew I just had to try it right away . After squirting just one little pump from the bottle , however , I knew I was not going to like the lotion AT ALL , because honestly , it smelled just awful ! Kind of like it was old or stale -LRB- so perhaps it was , in which case that one experience I had may not be a fair representation of how this product might smell if it were fresh , but it 's all I have to go on . -RRB- I rubbed it into my skin anyway , even though it smelled bad , hoping the fragrance might improve once `` activated '' . Oh , no ... that did NOT help ! I ended up with a sickly-smelling patch of skin that also became itchy and irritated where the lotion had been applied . Needless to say , I promptly returned this item and was refunded my money!I 'm not usually a picky , particular sort of person , so I RARELY return something because I do n't like it -LRB- I can almost always find something I like about anything - I 'm a `` give the benefit of the doubt '' kind of gal -RRB- , and I am open to the idea that I simply was shipped a `` bad batch '' of lotion , and that this product would otherwise be great . But ... you 'll have to test that theory out yourselves , because I have no desire to purchase this lotion again...Pee-Yew ! : P
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 It states on the site that the Revlon Eterna ' 27 ' costs $ 19.99 for `` 6 ounces ; '' however , the box states only `` 2 ounces . '' BUYER BEWARE ! If it is 6 ounces for $ 19.99 , it 's a good price , but not for 2 ounces .
 I wanted to find a non plastic foot buffer and I was so excited I found this . I was hoping this was rougher but its just not . I have to use the edge that is rough to get anything done .
 The cologne I purchased was at a GREAT price , but when I received it , I notices that it smelled different than it does in retail stores . I thought it was just me , but every time I spray it on , it smells awful ...
 I agree With W. Lee . When you first spray it on it smells great . but afterwards it kind of stinks and does have a funny base smell . I like Crush and love Wave .
 I bought this product based on Curve Crush , I used it for about a year and always received compliments on it long after I had put it on . This is NOT the case with Curve Chill . You can put on 15 sprays , and though it smells good -LRB- a lot like CK One -RRB- it hardly lasts for 5 minutes . I would recommend something else , maybe something that stays on for more than a minute . I can put it on right before I leave and by the time I get outside the scent is gone , no matter how close the other person is . With Curve Crush , 2 or 3 sprays would leave me smelling good throughout the day . Very disappointed . Not recommended .
 Hey this would smell great if it were a bug killer . I get the familiar scent of raid mixed with cool water when I spray this stuff .
 It is a fake cologne spray , it does not have any smell , I really regret that I orderd from here I would never ever order from Amazon anymore . That was a big mistake .
 I have not received this item yet , UPS delivered it to the wrong address and I contacted them any they said they were contacting you.Teri Collier
 I have used this product for years , but this particular tube of gel had absolutely no fragrance . I was really disappointed . It was expensive . It pays to check where the product is actually coming from I guess .
 Have used Jean Nate for many years . Was happy to find it at good price on Amazon . What a terrible disappointment ! Revlon has obviously changed the formula and it stinks ! Smells like a combination of musk and urine . It would be helpful to warn potential customers of the formula change .
 Unfortunately this lipstick I believe it was very old . It does not smell fresh . I regret buying it . I wonder for how long the seller had it : -LRB-
 Was just what I orderd but the cologne smelled old , I will not wear it.The price was a little high , But will know next time !
 Ever since i started using this cleanser , i had these red bumps all over my chin . . it was hideous . Once i changed cleanser it went away . would never ever buy this again . .
 I have used this before on my arms and legs , and it did n't make a difference for my KP , but it also did n't make it worse . I decided to try it on my face -LRB- I do n't have kp on my face , and I do n't have acne either -RRB- as a nice change because my forehead had been getting oily lately . After several uses , I started noticing tiny little bumps popping up alllll over my face . My face seriously looked like I had goose bumps all the time . I immediately stopped using it , and it took over a week for my skin to completely clear up ! After I stopped using the cetaphil , I went back to my regular cleanser and moisturizer and those stung my face -LRB- and they are VERY gentle -RRB- . I will never use this again !
 I selected this skin cleanser because I have sensitive skin , and was looking for a gentle cleanser that would also remove makeup . I have used regular Cetaphil cleanser in the past , so was somewhat familiar with the product . While it generally goes without saying that facial cleansers should n't be used near the eyes , I have seen this product recommended for removing eye makeup , and there are no warnings of any kind on the bottle . The product is supposed to be gentle enough for babies , so I thought it would be safe around my eyes as well.The first night I used it to remove makeup -LRB- including mascara -RRB- , I woke up at 4:00 a.m. with one of my eyes weeping . I had to flush it out with water . Later that morning I had a painful stye in the other eye . Since this is a gentle cleanser , I did n't think it could be the culprit ; I stopped wearing eye makeup altogether thinking it might be contaminated . I used this cleanser again , this time completely avoiding the eye area , but both of my eyelids swelled up . One of them was swollen for several days . I stopped using the Cetaphil and returned to my old product , and the swelling has gone away . I have n't noticed any problems since I stopped using this product.I 'm sure this is a good product for some , but there is something in this cleanser that I react negatively to . Since it is marketed as `` gentle '' , that really perplexes me . Given my experience , I would n't use this on a baby as is recommended . I do n't intend to steer people away from this product , but please do n't assume that because it is considered `` gentle '' that you wo n't encounter issues with it .
 Wow , this cleanser has gotten so many positive reviews across many boards and forums . I have very sensitive skin and unfortunately , the very bad habit of being a facial skincare products junkie . I was hooked on using a cream cleanser by Estee Lauder but my pockets were going empty so I decided to try out the drugstore options . For my first forray , I decided , thanks to all teh glowing reviews , to try out Cetaphil . At the time , I was also experiencing mild acne , and yes , many reviewers also pointed out Cetaphil helped `` cure '' them of acne problems -LRB- though there 's no acne-fighting ingredients such as benzoyl peroxide in it -RRB- . So I figured to give it a shot , and at $ 10 for a BIG bottle , I thought it was a good investment.Gave it a go that night . The stuff did not foam , which is ok with me , but what was not ok was the smell . I hesitated to rub it on my face , then took the plunge . Felt immediate stinging , which was a bit of a shock . Washed it off , still continued to feel the stinging so I went over my face more thoroughly with my washcloth . My skin felt really irritated , and I was preplexed since Cetaphil is supposed to be so mild and gentle . Alas , the next mornign I woke up with two fresh , new lovely pimples on my cheeks -LRB- which incidentally was where I first applied the cleanser -RRB- . Was n't thinking and again washed with Cetaphil . The whole day , my coworkers kept asking if I was sick because my face was really red and flushed . That night I just washed with water , no soaps at all , and dabbed medication on my pimples.Guess what ? My skin has improved since I stopped using Cetaphil . I am now using Purpose cleanser and my skin is ok . Just to check , I did try Cetaphil once again and woke up with a new pimple and flushed skin . So now that huge bottle of Cetaphil is just languishing away and taking up space in the medicine cabinet.I honestly do not know why it did not work for me . I 've read rumors that Cetaphil contains SLS which is known to irritate some people 's skin . That could very well be my case , but I know I use shampoos with SLS and they havent bothered me -LRB- then again I do not rub shampoo on my face ... -RRB- . Guess I am the one dissenter who does not like Cetaphil .
 This Cologne came and the bottle broke after one use . The fragrance was overbearing.Not our favorite purchase to say the least .
 Bought this since Neutrogena no longer makes its copper peptide cream . I have n't noticed any benefit from Blue Copper 5 whereas with the Neutrogena product I did , and so it others.Don ' t waste your money .
 Well I do not understand why it worked for the reviewer that gave it five stars . I did exactly the same thing and it did not work for me at all . I mixed it in boiling water and then put it on my hair while it was still hot and left it in for over one hour but closer to two hours . Then I rinsed my hair but did not shampoo it . My hair color ended up exactly the same with no changes . The white is still white and my brown hair is exactly the same shade . It did not work for me at all . I did waste several hours of my day on nothing . Very disappointed.Update
 what a gloppy mess . worst mascara I 've ever purchased . do n't waste your money . So disappointed , you ca n't wear this unless you want globs every where around your eyes . Comes out on the brush with many globs on it . No way to smooth out
 Smells like fragrance my dad use to wear in the 1970 's . I bought this for my husband , and was hyped on this brand of fragrance because I have the V & R Flowerbomb for women , and absolutely love , love , love it . I read several reviews and saw that other men raved about how this fragrance has many mesmerizing notes . NOT , NOT , NOT . I am seriously convinced that Old Spice cologne is being revived under the name of Viktor and Rolf , in a new bottle . It wo n't fly with me . Yuk , Yuk , Yuk !!!! My husband agreed with me immediately , upon smelling it , that it wreaks of an `` old man '' scent .
 the bottles were smaller than I had imagined -LRB- and I knew they 'd be small -RRB- . the caps are almost impossible to get off . I have to get the cap off with my teeth . I hope they manufacture the regular size spray soon , or ever .
 I bought this product to help cover up the stretch marks on my stomach from my pregnancy . I expected the tanner to somewhat lighten up the stretch marks but this product did n't work at all for that . Actually , the product was n't noticable at all after I applied several layers .
 I would not order it again . However , I will say that it 's the only product I could use following acid peels . Everything else would burn .
 I am not impressed with this product for several reasons . Number one
 I bought this on another site and feel compelled to review it on amazon as well . I got it for my toddler 's curly hair . The smell of this product is sickeningly sweet . It 's very talcy , which I do n't understand because it contains no talc . Also , why would you want a natural product to smell like baby powder , which is not natural and not healthy ? Even though I hated the smell out of the bottle I tried it once just to see . It was not all that effective and the smell just really grossed me out . If you are easy to please when it comes to fragrance you might like it . But if you are a minimalist on scent , try to find it locally and get a sniff of it yourself before buying !!!
 Having studied pharmacy , I follow instructions religiously . I had an allergy test to henna powder , and since I am not allergic to henna , and they say Logona is pure henna based - so , I trusted it . My white hair turned turquoise and was unable to show up at work without a turban . Also , I got an allergic reaction
 This in reguards to the Logana `` Henna Black '' . The ingredients listed for this product do not indicate that THIS product - `` Henna Black '' - does not contain these ingredients.It lists THIS as the ingredients for Henna Black : Algin , Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein , Simmondsia Chinensis -LRB- Jojoba -RRB- Seed Oil , * Parfum -LRB- Essential Oils -RRB- , -LSB- + / Lawsonia Inermis -LRB- Henna -RRB- * , Cassia Auriculata -LRB- Cassia -RRB- , Juglans Regia -LRB- Walnut Shell Powder -RRB- , Indigofera Tinctoria -LRB- Indigo Leaves -RRB- , Indigofera Argentea -LRB- Indigo Leaves -RRB- , Hibiscus Sabdariffa -LRB- Sudanese Tea -RRB- , Rheum Undulatum -LRB- Rhubarb Root -RRB- , Krameria Triandra -LRB- Rhatany Root -RRB- , Coffea Arabica -LRB- Coffee -RRB- , Curcuma Longa -LRB- Curcuma Root -RRB- , Beta Vulgaris -LRB- Beet Root -RRB- -RSB- I have used many of these ingredients in their whole form to darken my hair before . So i know that these ingredients will darken my hair naturally . I have bought most of these ingredients on their own and made my own mixtures of them . I was excited to buy this product because it appeared to do all the measuring and mixing for me . With some added hair conditioners.THIS IS NOT WHAT I RECIEVED.The ingredients on this Lagona `` Henna Black '' are : Indigo , Hydrolized wheat protein , Jojoba oil , Algin , Parfum.Thats it.THE ONLY DYING INGREDIENT IS INDIGO . There isnt even any Henna in this formula despite it being named `` Henna '' Black.Indigo is a natural blue/green dye . It will only dye blue and green tints.I can buy indigo on its own for way cheaper than this product.I will not use this alone because used alone it will only impart a blue or green tint to the hair . I will have to now just blend it in with all the other ingredients that SHOULD have been in it because they were LISTED as being in it . So i basically just bought some really expensive indigo.Also - the box states there is only enough for shoulder length hair . Another thing that should be added to the listing.THis was so disapointing and infuriating.Sellers - take freaking care in listing your products so you dont waste everybodies freaking time .
 I second the other reviewer 's opinion that this product does n't have the ability to turn hair dark brown . I used it to cover a small amount of gray , and it made all the gray hairs turn golden . It looked like a really bad highlight job . I saw no change in the rest of my hair , which is medium brown . On the side of the box it shows a picture of the supposed results based on your original hair color . My results did n't even come close . I even used some of the optional tips for getting better results -LRB- not all of them -RRB- . The instructions should require you to use all the tips if it 's really necessary to make the product work as described . It was a waste of money and time . It was also difficult to apply -- it 's like trying to distribute mud throughout your hair , and the gloves that come with the set are loose and make it difficult to apply neatly . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the ingredients are natural and it might work for someone who has blondish hair and wants to dye it golden .
 So frustrating . My 11 year old with dirty blonde fine hair wanted brown `` KATNISS '' hair for a HUNGER GAMES party . We did not want a toxic product and were so excited to find this product . We followed the directions explicitly , but unfortunately , even after an hour process , it did not change her hair at all . It MIGHT be a little darker , but not noticeably .
 I bought this brush in an attempt to replace my well-worn Marilyn brush I 've had for at least 5 years . No deal with this brush . The brush did not grab my hair at all , so I threw it right in the garbage . They must be making these brushes with much cheaper materials now . I wo n't be buying another one .
 Having studied pharmacy , I follow instructions religiously . I had an allergy test to henna powder , and since I am not allergic to henna , and they say Logona is pure henna based - so , I trusted it . My white hair turned turquoise and was unable to show up at work without a turban . Also , I got an allergic reaction
 This in reguards to the Logana `` Henna Black '' . The ingredients listed for this product do not indicate that THIS product - `` Henna Black '' - does not contain these ingredients.It lists THIS as the ingredients for Henna Black : Algin , Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein , Simmondsia Chinensis -LRB- Jojoba -RRB- Seed Oil , * Parfum -LRB- Essential Oils -RRB- , -LSB- + / Lawsonia Inermis -LRB- Henna -RRB- * , Cassia Auriculata -LRB- Cassia -RRB- , Juglans Regia -LRB- Walnut Shell Powder -RRB- , Indigofera Tinctoria -LRB- Indigo Leaves -RRB- , Indigofera Argentea -LRB- Indigo Leaves -RRB- , Hibiscus Sabdariffa -LRB- Sudanese Tea -RRB- , Rheum Undulatum -LRB- Rhubarb Root -RRB- , Krameria Triandra -LRB- Rhatany Root -RRB- , Coffea Arabica -LRB- Coffee -RRB- , Curcuma Longa -LRB- Curcuma Root -RRB- , Beta Vulgaris -LRB- Beet Root -RRB- -RSB- I have used many of these ingredients in their whole form to darken my hair before . So i know that these ingredients will darken my hair naturally . I have bought most of these ingredients on their own and made my own mixtures of them . I was excited to buy this product because it appeared to do all the measuring and mixing for me . With some added hair conditioners.THIS IS NOT WHAT I RECIEVED.The ingredients on this Lagona `` Henna Black '' are : Indigo , Hydrolized wheat protein , Jojoba oil , Algin , Parfum.Thats it.THE ONLY DYING INGREDIENT IS INDIGO . There isnt even any Henna in this formula despite it being named `` Henna '' Black.Indigo is a natural blue/green dye . It will only dye blue and green tints.I can buy indigo on its own for way cheaper than this product.I will not use this alone because used alone it will only impart a blue or green tint to the hair . I will have to now just blend it in with all the other ingredients that SHOULD have been in it because they were LISTED as being in it . So i basically just bought some really expensive indigo.Also - the box states there is only enough for shoulder length hair . Another thing that should be added to the listing.THis was so disapointing and infuriating.Sellers - take freaking care in listing your products so you dont waste everybodies freaking time .
 I second the other reviewer 's opinion that this product does n't have the ability to turn hair dark brown . I used it to cover a small amount of gray , and it made all the gray hairs turn golden . It looked like a really bad highlight job . I saw no change in the rest of my hair , which is medium brown . On the side of the box it shows a picture of the supposed results based on your original hair color . My results did n't even come close . I even used some of the optional tips for getting better results -LRB- not all of them -RRB- . The instructions should require you to use all the tips if it 's really necessary to make the product work as described . It was a waste of money and time . It was also difficult to apply -- it 's like trying to distribute mud throughout your hair , and the gloves that come with the set are loose and make it difficult to apply neatly . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the ingredients are natural and it might work for someone who has blondish hair and wants to dye it golden .
 So frustrating . My 11 year old with dirty blonde fine hair wanted brown `` KATNISS '' hair for a HUNGER GAMES party . We did not want a toxic product and were so excited to find this product . We followed the directions explicitly , but unfortunately , even after an hour process , it did not change her hair at all . It MIGHT be a little darker , but not noticeably .
 when you buy incense , i expected the longer sticks . these are not even 6 inches long and are brittle . no value
 The Incense , Morning Star Pine ; -LRB- 50 Sticks -RRB- burn away lightning fast and do n't have a lasting fragrance . They are quite short and very thin.The fragrance reminds me of New Mexico , USA restrooms in the 1960 's . At that time , they built brand new roadside restrooms throughout the state and they all , I believe , used this automated spray . This incense reminds me of that smell and while it was a welcome addition to a roadside restroom -LRB- some were very nice , I might add -RRB- , I think I 'll pass on it for my home.I only drudged up 2 stars because I might be prejudice due to the restroom association experience .
 It had little bitty lumps in it like it had spoiled . Will never order discontuned products from clinque again . I had a brad new bottle that i brought from the store to use first so it was several months before I knew it was sour . I ordered two , Expensive .
 I purchased this item from Amazon when the department store was out of same . I had used this product for many years and loved same . However , this product is no longer being made by Clinique and was clumpy and lumpy and obviously old and stale , and out-of-date . It should no longer be available on Amazon . I should have returned same as it was not useable .
 This has been my makeup for 20 years and has been discontinued . The product received had small lumps throughout and an odd smell . I 'm unable to use this makeup .
 It had little bitty lumps in it like it had spoiled . Will never order discontuned products from clinque again . I had a brad new bottle that i brought from the store to use first so it was several months before I knew it was sour . I ordered two , Expensive .
 I purchased this item from Amazon when the department store was out of same . I had used this product for many years and loved same . However , this product is no longer being made by Clinique and was clumpy and lumpy and obviously old and stale , and out-of-date . It should no longer be available on Amazon . I should have returned same as it was not useable .
 This has been my makeup for 20 years and has been discontinued . The product received had small lumps throughout and an odd smell . I 'm unable to use this makeup .
 I purchased this , I mean the product does what it states it does , but those swabs look like miniature swabs .
 Good idea but it is angled in a way I can not use it . It will not fit across my toenails .
 The maxi aid long reach toe nail clippers are a cheap imitation and do not cut very well Would not recommend these .
 I went by the reviews and decided to buy this product . If you have fine hair , try something else ; it will make your hair go limp . The shine is not even that great . Booooo .
 I purchased this product as a gift for someone who really enjoys it so I ca n't comment on the product itself . Order from Cache Beauty at your own risk . I purchased the 5 piece set . The largest tube arrived with product oozing out the crimped edge . Since these tubes were packed properly , the tube was broken before it was packaged and sent to me . I emailed Cache Beauty with a picture of the damage and a request for replacement , but received no response . The large pump bottle had a tester label on it . Whether this had been used as a tester , I do n't know , but Cache Beauty was selling to me a gratis item from the manufacturer .
 I just got this thing and have only used it twice . First it does n't stick to the walls , which would n't be too bad if I could just remove the suction cups to make it more comfortable . And you ca n't have hardly any air in it or it is too hard and very uncomfortable to use . I would find a soft foam or other kind of pillow - do n't get this one .
 I did not like this spray and gave it to a co-worker . I used it twice and had to stop . It left a gross film on my hair and did not make my hair smooth and silky .
 When I use this spray , first of all , it smells bad and it makes your hair smell bad . Secondly , as soon as my flat iron touches the spot where I sprayed , I can hear my hair crackling . Also , once I get done straigtening it , it makes my hair crispy , not smooth and shiny . I do n't know . It might be because of my flat iron , but I do n't like this product . I would not recommend it .
 I was sent the sheer hold hairsprayversatile hold and shine with avocado oilI used it a couple of times and realized I was allergic to it . My whole scalp was red , itchy and also my forehead . Went back to the one I supposedly ordered and after a few days my head cleared up . I am now stuck with these cans and would like the kind I ordered . what do I do ?
 You better think twice about buying this hairspary . The smell is so strong it will knock you out.Save your lungs and your money its not worth the price your health is more important than your hair.I 'm returning this hairspary back to Walgreens .
 I purchased this after having no luck with the sprays sold in salons which seemed to &#34; build up &#34; quickly and dry my hair out . I have very fine , straight hair and needed a product that would hold the style without damaging my hair . I had gotten a sample of their glossing gel and loved it so I decided to splurge on the hairspray.PROS
 First time I used this , I waited 25 minutes before putting on shoes , assuming my toenails would be dry by then . Nope . It smudged the polish and I had to re-do . Today I tried it again . The Spritz left pock marks in my polish and I had to re-do . Waste of money .
 Dear AmazonI was always pleased what I ordered on Amazon , but not this time - but this is not Amazon fault.I ordered Madame Rochas Eau the Toilette as the picture shows , but I received Madame Rochas in different packaging -LRB- this version is cheaper -RRB- . The product sent me by merchant appears to be a very cheap imitation of the original and thi is not what I ordered . It does not lasts and has very poor quality . I would not recommed this merchant to anybody until the merchant will stick what he advertises . I should receive refund from this dishonet merchand.I previously used Madam Rochas Eau the Toilette as the merchant advertised and his picture shows -LRB- this frangrance originally was made in France and was wonderful -RRB- . Trulu YoursM . PoleszczukSIN : B0009RV9WW Perfume by Rochas , -LRB- MADAME ROCHAS EAU DE TOILETTE SPRAY 3.4 oz . -RSB- -RSB-
 My mom used to wear this perfume and it was divine . I have not bought it from Amazon , but I did buy a bottle recently and it is nothing like what it used to be.It is a pity that the great perfume recipes are being changed and cheapened . It is a great loss . Madame Rochas used to be fabulous -- but not anymore .
 I use to wear this in my mid-twenties and was nostalgically longing for it . I was surprised I could n't find it in any stores and so decided to go on line . Clearly whoever took over `` Rochas '' has changed the formula . I find the new fragrance strong and repulsive , sort of like too much generic old lady perfume . No hint of the original slightly musky-patchouli-sweet smell . A complete waste of my money .
 I bought this product and it seems to have no scent . This is the second time this has happened and the product is nonrefundable . Do n't waste your money . Buy at a department store a scent which you can be sure of getting or returning . The shelf life of parfume is 3 years and this was stopped in production 7 years ago .
 I purchased this item for my mother . She needed the 7X and obviously she needed it to be lit well . She loved the optical quality of the 7x mirror , but there was not nearly enough light for for her to be able to see what she was doing . I ended up having to return the mirror .
 Like a previous reviewer said , it goes on and off at-will , not only when you 're sitting there trying to put on your makeup , but all night long as well . I 'm highly disappointed that I wasted $ 40 on this terrible mirror . In fact , I 'll probably take it out on Homedics in general and never buy one of their products again .
 I did a lot of online research & read reviews before deciding to get this one . What a disappointment . Yes , like other reviewers , I found the light to be completely worthless but more importantly , the mirror itself is horrible , cheap , crap . I thought that for $ 40 it would actually be glass , not a piece of shiny paper glued to plastic . The distortion is really bad -- the piece of paper that is supposed to be the mirror is very rippley and stripey . And , to top it all off , when I removed the sticker shouting out magnification , it made a bubble where it pulled up some of the `` mirror '' . This one 's going back . Hopefully I can find something that actually resembles a mirror .
 This was a gift . Reading the box I was so excited to have a mirror where I 'd be able to see what I was doing and have an attractive mirror . However , the base is extremely sensitive so it 's very easy to turn the mirror off while using it . The most disappointing aspect is the low wattage of the light . If someone is purchasing this type of mirror they obviously NEED the light . If you are fortunate enough to have plenty of sunlight available then the large diameter and 7x magnification is great . But taking make-up off at night is nearly impossible . I 'll be returning it soon .
 Mirror has a neat feature so when you touch the base the light comes on and touched again it gets brighter . Problem is that the light never gets bright enough to do any good . Pretty much like candlelight . What was the manufacturer thinking ?
 I hate to say this since Philosophy is one of my favorite brands , but this is probably the worst mascara I have ever used . It clumps really badly and is very difficult to remove . It does not simply wash off , it forms little rubbery strings that end up all over your face and the bathroom sink . About half of them remain attached to your lashes , and I 've pulled so many of mine out just trying to remove the mascara . Everything else I 've ever tried from Philosophy was fantastic , but the best mascara out there , hands down , is from Lancome .
 I tried this and found it extremely irritating to my eyes.I had to stop using it.It was a big disappointement !
 Let me be clear - I LOVE PTR products - but this one made my eyes sting , and i could not apply eye make up on top of it . For now , I am sticking with PTR unwrinkle eye .
 I love PTR 's anti-aging face cleaner and ultra-lite anti-aging face moisturizer , so I also expected to like this eye gel as well . However , I do n't think that it comes close to working as well as other similarly priced eye moisturizers I have tried . I do n't recommend it .
 I have bought orthotic insoles by Phaze 4 in the past and was happy with them . These `` new and improved '' models are terrible ... The arch is so high I can not wear them in any of the shoes I have without being terrible painful ... I can stand the arch , but they make my shoes too tight ... The older model I bought was nearly identical to the more expensive ones I had bought at the Good Feet Store . The new model is completely different , and not in a good way .
 Ow . Owowowowow . Do Not Mistake These for actual orthotics made for your unique feet . In fact , these I found to be painful and counter-productive . I bought these as a stop-gap to actual orthotics to straighten out my knees and the Walk Fits radically affected my gait , stride and shape on my foot . The podiatrist I finally got to see scolded me for making my orthotics a much more expensive proposition by first wearing a non-specific insole that did not address my feet , but rather was a commercial One Size Fits All.I 'd be very very careful about putting these in your shoes .
 A friend recommended this to me , but how are you supposed to know what size to order ? There 's no information given to explain the letter sizes . What , do I just order a `` D '' because it 's my lucky letter or something ? No help on any of the product 's non-Amazon sites about what the letters mean either . I may come back and revise my review based on product performance , but right now the lack of info about sizes is just making me angry .
 I have had flat feet with low weak arches since I was in my teens or younger -LRB- 30 YO male -RRB- . I got these because I thought I needed arch support.These inserts eased much of pain in my feet , but made them feel weird . I developed callouses on the inside of my arch where the orthotic did not exactly match my foot . Walking barefoot was more uncomfortable , I found myself twisting my ankle more often.I used these for two or so years , first with the small insert , then medium . They soften up , or become deformed , so I replaced them whenever I got a new pair of shoes . I had a set in every pair of shoes or boots I owned.Two years ago I switched -LRB- very slowly -RRB- to Vibrams and this year went barefoot as much as possible . Doing this has strengthened my arch dramatically . I can see and feel the difference and I no longer need any orthotics . My mother , who would worry about my feet , noticed that when I was walking on the beach my arch was not even touching the sand . My feet honestly felt like rocks.These will provide you with temporary relief , but if you really want to solve the problem you need to strengthen the bones , muscles and tendons in your feet .
 Ordered WalkFit inserts for myself and my fiancee . Followed their instructions for about 10 days -LRB- 3 days past their `` break in '' period -RRB- . I could n't wait to get them out of my shoes by the end of the day . Foot adjusted somewhat , but not that much . Same with my fiancee . Decided to return them.Sent them back via UPS with deliver confirmation and signature . Walk Fit received them back in mid-September , 2005 . No refund given as of yet . No returned emails or phone calls to customer service.Bottom line
 I ordered Walk Fit Orthotics by Phase4 and was extremely disappointed . They are hard , rigid and painful to wear.I was unable to use it in any of my shoes . I called `` As Seen on TV Products '' customer service to complain and they were very rude . I still have the product and it 's useless .
 I have back pain and foot pain so I thought , after watching the infomercial , that this was just what I needed after hearing all the testimonials . I liked the fact that the heal was low , kind of like the Earth shoe of the 70 's . But they neglected to tell you that the arches were not flexible but very hard plastic . The arches hurt like hell and I used the lowest one -LRB- they provide three different heights of arches . -RRB- . Also , it took forever for them to get here . Almost a month ! -LRB- I ordered from the Walkfit company , not Amazon . -RRB- I paid $ 10 shipping . What were they using ? Pony Express ? Anyhow , when I called the company about the pain , -LRB- I could n't walk with them more than a few minutes -RRB- they told me I would have to get used to them but if I have foot problems I may never get used to them . WHAT ??? The infomercial targets people WITH foot problems providing a list of various ailments such as heel spurs etc. . Anyhow , I tried again and then the next day and so on for a few weeks . I really wanted them to work for me . Just hurt so bad I had to return them . After returning them , I had to call the company because the refund was also taking forever . When I called them about not receiving my refund -LRB- which was two weeks after they got the package according to my tracking number -RRB- they said they did n't put the refund through yet . A month later , I still did not receive the refund . I did eventually get the refund but had to call them three times . Crappy way to do business.Anyhow , this is not the product that I expected , especially since they target people who are having problems walking but the product made it even harder to walk and painful .
 I would n't waste your money . I used them for over a month and had absoultely no change . Not only that but the company is underhanded . When they charge you almost as much for shipping as they do for the product something is wrong . I paid 34.90 for the inserts -LRB- one for my wife and one for me -RRB- and they charged me 24.85 for the shipping and I just used regular shipping , nothing like overnight or 2 day . Ridicules considering it only cost 5.00 dollars to ship .
 I 'm glad these work for some people . They did not help me . Felt like walking on golf balls -LRB- used lowest insert -RRB- . Tried working up on time used , a little at a time , the longer I used them , the worse my feet hurt . I believe you have to have very very high arch to use .
 I buy a lot of stuff via my t.v. and computer.I have never had any problems with returns before.But then I must have been dealing with honest companies.Not only did these things make the pain in my feet 10 times worse ... now I 'm out $ 92.00 . To say I 'm sorry I ordered them would be an understatement .
 They hurt the minute I put them on and it only got worse . What a rip . A lot of hype for nothin .
 Ordered WalkFit inserts for myself and my fiancee . Followed their instructions for about 10 days -LRB- 3 days past their `` break in '' period -RRB- . I could n't wait to get them out of my shoes by the end of the day . Foot adjusted somewhat , but not that much . Same with my fiancee . Decided to return them.Sent them back via UPS with deliver confirmation and signature . Walk Fit received them back in mid-September , 2005 . No refund given as of yet . No returned emails or phone calls to customer service.Bottom line
 I have back pain and foot pain so I thought , after watching the infomercial , that this was just what I needed after hearing all the testimonials . I liked the fact that the heal was low , kind of like the Earth shoe of the 70 's . But they neglected to tell you that the arches were not flexible but very hard plastic . The arches hurt like hell and I used the lowest one -LRB- they provide three different heights of arches . -RRB- . Also , it took forever for them to get here . Almost a month ! -LRB- I ordered from the Walkfit company , not Amazon . -RRB- I paid $ 10 shipping . What were they using ? Pony Express ? Anyhow , when I called the company about the pain , -LRB- I could n't walk with them more than a few minutes -RRB- they told me I would have to get used to them but if I have foot problems I may never get used to them . WHAT ??? The infomercial targets people WITH foot problems providing a list of various ailments such as heel spurs etc. . Anyhow , I tried again and then the next day and so on for a few weeks . I really wanted them to work for me . Just hurt so bad I had to return them . After returning them , I had to call the company because the refund was also taking forever . When I called them about not receiving my refund -LRB- which was two weeks after they got the package according to my tracking number -RRB- they said they did n't put the refund through yet . A month later , I still did not receive the refund . I did eventually get the refund but had to call them three times . Crappy way to do business.Anyhow , this is not the product that I expected , especially since they target people who are having problems walking but the product made it even harder to walk and painful .
 I have back pain and foot pain so I thought , after watching the infomercial , that this was just what I needed after hearing all the testimonials . I liked the fact that the heal was low , kind of like the Earth shoe of the 70 's . But they neglected to tell you that the arches were not flexible but very hard plastic . The arches hurt like hell and I used the lowest one -LRB- they provide three different heights of arches . -RRB- . Also , it took forever for them to get here . Almost a month ! -LRB- I ordered from the Walkfit company , not Amazon . -RRB- I paid $ 10 shipping . What were they using ? Pony Express ? Anyhow , when I called the company about the pain , -LRB- I could n't walk with them more than a few minutes -RRB- they told me I would have to get used to them but if I have foot problems I may never get used to them . WHAT ??? The infomercial targets people WITH foot problems providing a list of various ailments such as heel spurs etc. . Anyhow , I tried again and then the next day and so on for a few weeks . I really wanted them to work for me . Just hurt so bad I had to return them . After returning them , I had to call the company because the refund was also taking forever . When I called them about not receiving my refund -LRB- which was two weeks after they got the package according to my tracking number -RRB- they said they did n't put the refund through yet . A month later , I still did not receive the refund . I did eventually get the refund but had to call them three times . Crappy way to do business.Anyhow , this is not the product that I expected , especially since they target people who are having problems walking but the product made it even harder to walk and painful .
 Ordered WalkFit inserts for myself and my fiancee . Followed their instructions for about 10 days -LRB- 3 days past their `` break in '' period -RRB- . I could n't wait to get them out of my shoes by the end of the day . Foot adjusted somewhat , but not that much . Same with my fiancee . Decided to return them.Sent them back via UPS with deliver confirmation and signature . Walk Fit received them back in mid-September , 2005 . No refund given as of yet . No returned emails or phone calls to customer service.Bottom line
 you really ca n't buy orthotic 's on line , these just did not work for me , I think you need to try them on before you buy
 Simply put do not order this product , I ordered from them and a monthlater was charged an additional $ 50 for something I did not order fromthem , so far they have refused to refund this unauthorized charge.When you call their CS # you get some idiot in India who is of nohelp , as usual.If you choose to use this product keep a close eye on you bank acct.I will be contacting my bank as well as my state atty. general.I do n't like thieves and this company is a bunch of thieves !!!!
 There is a reason this product was so cheap . It was garbage . Sent it back right after buying it . Awkward fit , cheap materials , and painful to wear . If it was possible to get zero stars that would have been the true rating .
 I ordered the insoles to fit my work boots . The heel support was good . The problem that I have with the soles is that they are not long enough for my feet . They do not ride properly centered onto the crest of my arch . This caused improper support and pain throughout my feet . I have size 13 wide feet and ordered the largest size avaialble .
 These things were SOOOOO painful ! The arches in my feet are high , but not that damn high , good lord ! I took the blue middle section out , and they STILL hurt like hell . They 're just not for me ... at . all . I 've gone back to wearing my old pair . I 'd hoped these would work as an economical option , seeing as I no longer have health insurance , but no sir ! I 'll just have to live with my old ones until I 'm properly covered again in the future.I 'm now trying to decide what to do with these new ones ... I guess throwing them away is my only option . Oh well .
 I am a hiker and have a ball of foot problem on my right foot . I was looking for something to take the pressure off the front of my foot and thought these were worth a try . On first trying them I found them very uncomfortable , especially in my trail shows which have some of their own arch support . The pressure on the arch area , with the lowest insert , was more than I expected . I found that my hiking boots , with no arch support and with the original inserts removed , were tolerable with the walkfit so I decided to try wearing them . I started by wearing them to work , then for a short walk -LRB- about a mile -RRB- and gradually up to a longer hike -LRB- 6 miles , significant elevation change -RRB- . The walkfit was never comfortable , but it did take the pressure off the front of my foot by putting more of the weight on my arch . During the hike I developed a bruise on my arch and decided that these were n't for me.I think these could be a good option if the arch area had some padding and if the inserts were permanent so they stay in place .
 This product make me a plantar fascitis with an strong pain in my foot , bad , bad , bad , bad , bad and very very bad
 One of my Chiropractic patients LOVED these inserts and since I am always on the search of an inexpensive alternative for my patients for shoe orthotics I was excited to buy these . OMG , the immediate pain even using the lowest adapter was crippling ! I made an effort to adapt to them too . I even tried removing the arch supports and replacing them with cut-out cardboard hoping I would slowly adapt and be able to eventually use the lowest of the three arches supplied . No joy.But it is probably me because every orthotic I have ever tried have hurt my feet . I believe there are those of us who just can not use any orthotic and I am one of those folks . I do n't have flat feet but my shoe size has increased by 1 or 2 sizes and width over the past 30 of my 60 years so I know that my arches have fallen and I need support ... just not these.On the bright side , these are very well made and since they are `` arched '' and not `` flat '' like some solid orthotics they `` hover '' over the shoe 's built-in arch . This is exactly what you need to use arch supports in shoes that do not have removable arch inserts like dress shoes because otherwise you will end up with too high an arch prescription . Also the price is right ; good general purpose orthotics can be much more expensive . Also the fact that they come with 3 heights is terrific
 I wear a size 8.5 B with a medium low arch and have purchased professionally made orthotics for 20 years for arch support . These walkfit insoles are terribly uncomfortable . The interchangeable arch -LRB- low , med , high -RRB- are too far forward . I ca n't imagine anyone having an arch close to the ball of the foot . Forget trying to get your money back from the manufacture for it is too much of a hassle .
 I probably have plantar fasciitis . I say `` probably '' because no doctor has officially diagnosed me . But the symptoms fit to a `` T '' those descriptions in dozens , if not hundreds of Googled results . The extreme pain with the first steps in the morning ; the pain if you squeeze your heel at any time ; everything points to plantar fasciitis.I 've tried dozens of Dr. Scholl 's - type inserts , worn different shoes , not much result . So I decided to try this so-called `` miracle '' treatment.Upon first walking around with the insert , I too , like many people , felt that the inserts were extremely hard and uncomfortable , but I stuck it out , like they said . Now I ca n't remember why , but I stopped using them.A couple of years later
 Ordered WalkFit inserts for myself and my fiancee . Followed their instructions for about 10 days -LRB- 3 days past their `` break in '' period -RRB- . I could n't wait to get them out of my shoes by the end of the day . Foot adjusted somewhat , but not that much . Same with my fiancee . Decided to return them.Sent them back via UPS with deliver confirmation and signature . Walk Fit received them back in mid-September , 2005 . No refund given as of yet . No returned emails or phone calls to customer service.Bottom line
 I had an allergic reaction so I have nothing good to say . Maybe this will not happen to everyone I am assuming , but it happened to me , so look out !!!!!!!! Caused the areas around my eyes to become very very dryed out ... red , chapped , etc. . It was NOT good . Hopefully no one else has this reaction . When I put them on they felt refreshing , so I kept using them ... but I will not use them again due to my reaction . If you have sensitive skin do not use . Sorry : -LRB-
 This is the Finishing Spray , NOT the Body Lock as advertised . Aussie says the Finishing Spray is the replacement , but it is COMPLETELY different . It 's WATER-based - weighs down your hair .
 I love the Cinnamon Buns shower gel , so I thought I would try the lip gloss . For one thing , it smells/tastes nothing like Cinnamon buns . I do n't know what the flavor is , but I do n't like it . Maybe they have added almond or something . Secondly , it 's way too sticky . My hair kept getting stuck to my lips . It reminds me of vaseline . Since I got this product in a kit , I can not return it , but I will not be using it again .
 I ordered this product because I loved the Sugar Cookie variety . That variety does not have a strong `` cookie '' taste , it was just a great lip gloss . This variety , Cinnamon Buns , tastes like an overly sweet bun - not appealing to have on the lips . Can not seem to find any more Sugar Cookies . The flavor should not be that strong .
 Cinnamon Buns Lip Shine is great for moisturinzing your lips and it lasts a long time -LRB- does n't go away the first time you take a sip of a drink , etc -RRB- .
 based on other reviews , i was expecting this to be incredible . but , in my opinion , it feels weird on my face . i guess i like more of a matte feel when it comes to makeup . plus , it 's more of an orangey color . i 'm sad that i spent A LOT of money on this and now i wo n't use it ...
 Do n't get me wrong , I am a diehard Philosophy fan . Just look in my makeup bag -LRB- s -RRB- . I was looking forward to this product , as I thought what could be better than having a sunscreen and a pore minimizer all in one ?!? The sad fact is , this product `` pills '' up when you use the Supernatural Foundation . Now , does n't that just knock your hat in the creek ? Yeah . Sharon Perkins , Cordele , GA
 After all the great reviews , I made this purchase . This is not a good product for my skin . It does absolutely nothing for me other than make me looked like I have caked on , uneven make-up on my face . My pores look even larger and noticeable then without it and the color is not good for my complexion . Can not say anything good about it , but again , maybe it is just not good for my skin .
 While I LOVE most philosophy products and ca n't live without my `` regulars '' I was disappointed with this one ... it made my sensitive skin break out after a couple of days of wearing it . Will not use .
 This product did not work great for me , though I can see why it would work better for others . I have large pores , so daily use of supernatural actually increases my acne . The color of the product is also more ... orange than I was expecting , so as a redhead I have to add a layer of powder to avoid looking sunburned no matter how little I use . If you are a redhead who likes looking tan it might work for you , but I have to stick to the pale . I still use it as a base on special occasions since I paid for it , but once it is gone I wo n't buy it again .
 I have a basic medium skin and this &#34; tinted &#34; is much to peachy/orange for me . Not what I expected from description and Philosphy . I love their exfoliating mask and other products .
 I dont really find how this primes your skin for makeup . It does have sort of greasy feel , even though it is lightweight . It doesnt make my skin look better , or help my makeup stay on longer .
 hace 2 meses compre la TCP , no la usaba todos los dias , un dia me decidi a utilizarla luego de utilizarla nada mas en un mechon de cabello dio un chispazo que un poco mas y me quema la cara , y ya no volvio a encender , fui a que me cambiaran el aparto pero me dijeron que ya no tenian esta plancha y me dieron otra que en realidad espero que funcione mejor , luego de revisar todos los comentarios de algunas compradoras me di cuenta que es un defecto y que todas les ha pasado . La verdad es que es un producto que no ofrece respaldo ya que al solo mostrar que tiene 6 meses de garantia nos damos cuenta que es una gran estafa .
 I purchased this product and after approximately six months it stopped working . Customer service was not helpful at all . Do not waste your money .
 Do not buy ! All of a sudden the iron got extremely hot and melted and burned a chunk of my hair , then started to smoke like it was going to catch on fire . Contacted `` customer service '' who did not apologize or offer ANY consolation . Buyer beware !
 This product works great for the few short weeks it works . I am on my second one and this one is now shot as well . My first one the dial broke on it and literally burnt my hair off . Normally I have it as hot as it will go , but this overheated and fried it off . The second one would only turn on about every other day . And now it does n't work at all . So , I called to get a replacement for their `` lifetime warranty '' and they said I had to pay for shipping to them , plus send them a check for $ 16.95 for them to ship me a new one for THEIR defective product . So not only do you pay $ 100 for the product plus $ 16.95 shipping , but when it breaks you have to pay for shipping both directions . The True Ceramic Pro company is a rip off , unfortunately the product is nice while it lasts .
 This product is a complete scam , do not buy this !! Research it and you will see all the other complaints!This product does not use ceramic baked plates . The plates are actually metal coated in some type of red paint . The paint chips off soon after using.The product also has a tendency to malfunction -LRB- as in stop working -RRB- soon after purchase.If you can get a hold of a representative at their customer service -LRB- which is impossible right now because they have been upgrading their phone systems for a few weeks now -RRB- they will pretend to understand your concern and will state to either refund your money or send you a new product.At this point , nothing happens . Many people have been charged again for shipping costs or for no reason at all . Watch your credit card account !! Others like me have been waiting for almost 2 months and still have not recieved the ` true ' ceramic pro . I have left messages for customer service and sent emails and I have waited for more than 2 weeks for someone to get in contact with me . No one has . No one will.Advanced Beauty Solutions is scamming people out of their money . Do not become one of their victims . Please do complete research on this product or any others before purchasing . There are many other reviews out there that state exactly what I have written.If you want a ceramic flat iron , your best bet is to buy it from a beauty supply retailer - the ones who hair dressers & salons purchase their merchandise from!Also , consult your hair dresser about any expensive product .
 I bought the wonderful True Ceramic Pro and that amazing price of $ 140.00 . Let me just tell you it is the biggest rip off ever ! The paint has come off my iron , and the cord has an electric fault . Which means if you dont play around with the cord , it does not stay on , all this happened in less than 6 months . I called for a replacement 3 months ago and am still waiting for a new one . I should have done my homework and hopefully you have done yours before you buy it . Dont buy it , it is a huge waste of money !
 DO NOT BUY THE TRUE CERAMIC PRO ! It is not truely ceramic ! Mine broke after only 9 months , which is probably why it only has a six month warrabty . The first iron they sent me stopped working after two days , and the second they sent to me had chipped plates , and the third stopped working after only 9 months and the painted on plate coating chipped off VERY quickly to reveal METAL plates , NOT CERAMIC ! I regret buying mine , it was not worth the money . The quality does not match the expensive price . This item should be priced at $ 1.00 for its quality . SCAM !
 I also fell for the Infomercials , and it did work GREAT at first , then I noticed my hair was n't looking to great and started breaking off , and the red paint was chipping , I had a very hard time getting through to customer service , but they were very nice , when I did get a hold of them , I got 2 replacements , both chipped , and finally they refunded my money . Oh , and the last one , just stopped working , on top of chipping . And it is metal underneath the red paint . I wonder if they will get sued ?? Some sort of class action thing ?! it really did ruin my hair , I had very long beautiful healthy hair , almost down to my butt ... now my hair is shoulder length and still dead !
 I had purchased this product and initially had very good results . However the paint on the `` ceramic '' plates began peeling off within five months . I have emailed the company with no response . I have called the customer service department but it states their phones are being changed for better service . I have contacted the better business bureau to get help in getting a refund . I would recommend reviewing all customer reviews on this product .
 I waited for over a month to receive my TCP . I had it for less than 3 weeks and it started sparking and smoking ! Not only that the red was starting to come off the plates ! I called the customer service dept. and they told me that I could send it back and they would send me another TCP but they were on back order and I would have to wait another month or more to receive it ! I decided to check elsewhere and found one on the web at Folica for less money and received it in less than 4 days ! I do not recommend the TCP as it will not last ! It will straighten your hair but it could smoke and spark ! I suggest you look elsewhere and spend your money with someone who has a product that will work and that has good customer service !
 Although I did not purchase from Amazon , I purchased two of these for my daughters , They absolutley love them , however they quit working after 2 to 4 week of using . That really ticks me off .
 I 've using this proactively -LRB- I 'm 25 -RRB- , but I do have some wrinkles forming , but I do n't know if this product is honestly helping me at all . I 've used it for 2 weeks and have n't noticed any difference with my dark under eye circles or my wrinkles that are beginning to form -LRB- crows on sides , fine wrinkle underneath eye -RRB- . I 'll probably be trying another product to see if I can see a difference . Disappointing .
 After looking at many eye creams I stumbled upon this one . I saw good reviews on the product and also saw reviews saying that people had allergic reactions to it . I thought , `` that wo n't happen to me '' . Well , it did happen . My eye lids had a rash and later just became really dry . There is some ingredient in this eye serum that made me hypersensitive so buyer beware .
 I decided to try this product after seeing a favorable review for it on a morning news show . It 's spendy for only .5 oz. , but the reviewers claimed it did work to reduce wrinkles around the eyes . After two weeks of nightly use , I really ca n't tell any difference -LRB- Aveeno was my former favorite -RRB- , and I was very unhappy when the bottle appeared to be empty so soon . After prying off the top , however -LRB- I had to use a pliers because it does n't screw off -RRB- , I determined that the mechanism had failed and that there was more than half of the original amount remaining . I will not buy this product again .
 I used this everyday on my upper eyelids for a month or so , and saw absolutely no difference at all . I will not buy it again .
 This product did nothing for my ugly dark circles . It did n't sting my eyes though , unlike other products.Has a strong fragrance , too strong , in my personal opinion .
 SO , I must first say I typically LOVE Regenerist products . I absolutely ca n't live without Regenerist night cream . I had such high hopes for the eye serum.I used it the day I received it - application was nice . The product was easily absorbed , and there was no noticable fragrance . However , it was n't as moisturizing as I 'd hoped . However , I woke up in the morning with my eyelids all swelled up and red , and the skin felt so raw . My eyes stung like crazy too . Figuring it had to be seasonal allergies , and not the eye serum , I continued to use it another 2 times . Finally , there was just no way to pretend that it was n't the eye serum . The skin under my eye looked like crepe paper - all dried out and wrinkled . I 'm 27 - I did n't have those wrinkles to start with ! I went back to my old eye cream , and the skin smoothed back out after a few days and finally is n't raw and sore anymore .
 I used it for the first time last night and it made the lines underneath my eyes more noticible and I now have red spots where I put it on my eyes . Not a good way to start the new year .
 I bought this stuff hoping it would improve the health of the skin in my under-eye area , as there is some sagging , fine lines , and dark circles in that area that need work . The words that Olay use to sell the product were encouraging
 This is the second `` bottle '' of Olay Regenerist Eye Serum . Since I did n't notice any difference after the first , I decided to give another one a try - thinking I may not have given it enough time . Well , have been using it faithfully each day ; and , no signs of improvement . Although I like almost all of the Olay Regenerist products I use , will definitely give this one a pass in the future .
 I do n't think this does what it claims to do . At least it did nothing for me . And the bottle is tiny like a sample . This is slightly over 10 bucks , so I thought it 's pretty cheap , but now that I think about the cost-effectiveness , it is way too overpriced.I 'd also say that the gold pearl in the cream serum may clog pores . I 've used excellent eye creams before , and they normally tighten your skin in the eye area instantly , but this serum is way too watery to tighten your skin ... All in all , I do n't think this product is worth a penny . Sorry . but I 'm disappointed . : -LRB-
 I have used the serum for over a month now . I do n't think I am in the target age range , and therefore am not seeing results . That is ok with me , as long as I am perhaps preventing deep lines or sagging.My true gripe with this product is the dispensing mechanism of the small bottle . The product is too dense , so that it sticks to the walls , instead of settling on the bottom to be pumped out.I have had to shake and pound this tiny vessel and pry it open to redistribute the product , as well as just scoop it out . The bottle is by no means empty either ! I still have over half the serum in there.Badly , badly designed . I will not be buying this again for that reason . Too bad I bought a two-pack ! UPDATE
 No where on the label or box is this product listed as hypoallergenic . Many can expect allergic reactions . Look for a product that is hypoallergenic if you know you are sensitive ; that your eyes become irritated easily .
 This product is full of PEGs , EDTA and parabens -- ingredients now banned in the EU because they are endocrine disruptors . The parabens are included as inexpensive preservatives . But , parabens mimic estrogen , and have been found in low concentrations in breast cancer tumors . That is one `` hidden cost '' of buying an inexpensive skin care product . While there is no proof of a causal link , the EU has banned many of these ingredients.Alternative `` non-toxic '' skin care products exist on the market . Many are free of PEGs , EDTA , Parabens , phthalates and ureas -LRB- among others -RRB- . These alternative products are usually free of artificial colors and artificial fragrances . Some cost the consumers no more than the Olay products because the Olay products have much more marketing costs associated with them . For example , search Amazon for a product called `` refine '' -- none of those ingredients , and no animal testing . Almost exactly the same price -- 22 bucks for 1 ounce -LRB- this Regenerist is 11 bucks for 1/2 ounce -RRB- . Trade in the ad budget for more expensive non-paraben preservatives!Having researched skin care products for quite some time , I am convinced that ingredients like palmitoyl pentapeptide -LRB- polypeptides -RRB- work to help reduce wrinkles . I am also very ware of all the nasty chemicals -LRB- urea , parabens , PEGs , etc -RRB- that are included for product shelf-life and distribution reasons , not for the health of the skin and body .
 I 'm not sure if a previous reviewer 's theory is right , but I too received one ` Made in China ' and wonder if the product is ineffective because of it . What little fine lines I had , in all seriousness , increased . Did I always have this many fine lines and the product made it more apparent ? Or did the product actually cause the increase in lines ? To add on , I noticed a couple tiny red bumps appear a couple weeks after using this product . I 've never had red bumps appear under my eyes in my life . The red bumps disappeared after a week of not using , but flustered because the additional lines are still there and visible . Now I have to fine another product to undo -LRB- or hide -RRB- all these new fine lines I 'm stuck with . Sooo sooo sooo disappointed , especially since Olay 's products are very good .
 I have it on good authority that eye area serums , lotions , and creams are all gimmicks , and you are better off just using your regular moisturizer generously in your eye area . Try Olay Regenerist Daily Regenerating Serum instead!Find out how much your beauty regimen is doing for you , or possibly against you ! I found Beautypedia last year , and not only are they free , but 100 % of their info is backed by their own research and experimentation -LSB- ... -RSB- Olay is a good brand with many many many awesome products , but dont be suckered into spending more money than you need to !
 I love olay regenerist im 32 and its helped my skin and my adult acne has pretty much disappeared . I got this for my mom and from a few days after she started using it her eyes turned bright red ; looked like she had pink eye in both eyes . She stopped using this product and her eyes went back to normal . She gave it to me to use but after looking into all the allergic reactions - i am going to toss it in the trash !!
 I have been using this for about two weeks now , and only at night . -LRB- During the day I use Olay Eye Regenerating Cream With A Touch Of Concealer , which I like very much . -RRB- The serum makes the skin feel soft , but it does not feel moisturized for some reason . Rather somehow crepy . It gives the skin around my eyes a very shiny look , and I imagine it must take some doing to make eye makeup actually look good with this shine going on . Since I only use it at night I ca n`t really say . I will finish the bottle , but then go back to my old ROC Retinol Correction eye cream , which I have been using for ages . I do n`t have any wrinkles around my eyes , which speaks for itself I think .
 Too expensive , did not notice much of a difference , except I did not have to use the deep hydration regenerating cream in that area .
 I bought this from a local drug store . I did not notice a difference when I put it on . I used it for a couple weeks . I did also purchase the Oil of Olay Regenerist cream . That one worked good . It really softens and makes your skin look hydrate and younger . Wrinkles are less visible .
 I found this eye cream to be only OK as compared with other total effects products which I use regularly -LRB- daily moisturizer and night cream I give 5 stars -RRB- . What I really do not like is the little bottle . When the bottle stopped pumping I thought the cream had run out very quickly . It turned out there was still plenty of cream in the bottle . I had to pound the bottle on the counter to make the cream drop to the bottom so the pump pumped . That worked for a while . When it stopped pumping again and sooner than I expected I got out a serrated knife and cut open the little bottle and there was at least 1/4 to 1/3 of the cream left in the bottle . Kind of a clever way to get you to buy the cream sooner than when it really runs out . I no longer buy this cream .
 Just after a single use I woke up in the morning with red , itchy , and puffy skin around the eyes . I was diagnosed with an allergic contact dermatitis , and it took almost a week before it cleared up . Never had contact dermatitis before , will be much more carefull trying a new product .
 Have 60 something skin . No wrinkles , good texture , but the above eye skin was starting to show some thinning . Tried this , following directions , but noticed no change in texture or anything else for that matter.Olay has other good products , but this one did n't deliver as promised . Granted I have only used one bottle , but , I 'm not inclined to buy another when the first one did absolutely nothing but lighten my wallet .
 My wife had a horrible reaction to this product -- terrible redness , tight skin , almost shell-like . She is still recovering from it after 2 and a half weeks . We investigated -LRB- too late , alas -RRB- and discovered that this product has one of the worst toxicity ratings in the entire industry -- full of chemicals that are banned from cosmetics in many countries . We discovered that there were literally hundreds of similar experiences and posts over the Internet . If we had seen those reviews first , she could have been spared much agony .
 I like the product -LRB- 3.5 stars by itself -RRB- , but giving it one star due to condition it arrived in . Just be careful if ordering from Amazon . See the photo I attached . his is how this product arrived - missing a top and all dried out . Be sure to open the box immediately after receiving so you can return it promptly if it arrives in poor condition . I purchased this 6 weeks ago and just discovered the product looked this way . I 've past the 30 day return period and may not be able to get a refund . If Amazon rectifies the issue I will update this review .
 Sad to say but this product did not work for me . I have used it every day for a week and have not seen any difference under my eyes .
 The seller did not tell the buyers the product that was made in China . I found the same product made in America sold in the department stores . Why the seller sold me the product that was made in China ? How to contact the seller ? Where can I complain about it ?
 Not sure what others are seeing but this product did nothing for me . My eyes still look the exact same ! I 'm young -LRB- under 30 -RRB- so maybe that 's why ? I have some wrinkles around my eyes though and from the reviews about this product , I figured SOMETHING would change , but nothing . So either this product does n't work , or I just do n't actually need it !
 After about 2 weeks of use , my son told me , `` Mom , you have wrinkles . '' I stopped using it that day . I now use Philosphy 's Believe and am much happier with it .
 This item is so tiny , it looks like it 's a sample ! Are you kidding me ? What a joke ! What a rip-off !
 Im 32 yrs old and used it for 6 months but didnt really see any changes . I dont know if immsupposed to use it longer or i have to be in my 40s to use this .
 Not sure why P&G ; thinks it is necessary to manufacture this in China , then ship it all the way to the US . Garnier , Estee Lauder , and multiple other providers of similar -LRB- and sometimes superior -RRB- product are able to continue manufacturing their products in the US and Canada.I 'll find another product that is n't made in a country that time and time again has proven to NOT be trustworthy with respect to production standards and safety , whether it is baby formula that killed many babies because it was bulked with melamine , toys that contain lead paint , or this eye cream - who knows what production standards and ingredients were REALLY used . I 'm quite frankly afraid to use it .
 At first when I started using this product , it seemed to moisturize my under eye area well . However recently , my last few times of using it , I woke up with red , puffy , itchy eyes . I do n't have sensitive skin , and do n't usually get allergic reactions to skin products , but this one did it . I do not recommend this product at all . I am usually very satisfied with Olay products , but this one was a huge disappointment and harmful . Spend a little more to get better quality .
 It was easy to apply and gentle with my skin , but those are the only good things about this product . The serum did nothing to make my eyes look energetic , soft , or lessen the bags under my eyes . I went by guidelines with getting adequate amounts of sleep , drinking water , staying away from sodium etc. . no change .
 I ca n't say that this product has transformed my eyes , but I suppose it 's not a bad product as eye creams/serums go - it seems to work ok . My beef if with the packaging . I 'd been more accustomed to the little tub-shaped containers of eye cream , but thought a pump might be a good idea - boy was I wrong ! It would work for a day or two and then , I 'd have to pump it 30 times to get a little , tiny spit of product out ! I turned the nozzle every which way , I shook it , I tried everything possible , but the pump was incredibly inconsistent -LRB- if it worked at all -RRB- . Finally , I had to pop the top off - I have to dip product out with the other end of the pump - not exactly how it was designed , but that 's the only way I can use this stuff!I like a product I can use without a struggle so needless to say , when this is empty I 'm going to try another eye cream - do n't know which yet , at this point it could be any brand , just as long as it does n't have a pump !
 I have very normal skin and I 've never had an allergic reaction to anything else before , but after one application it appeared that red ants had attacked the skin surrounding my eyes . It took a couple days for the skin to return to normal - Aveeno 's anti-itch cream really helped . I will say that I notified the Olay company and within less than a week they had returned my purchase price without me mentioning it . So I 'm impressed with the company itself , just not this product . At this point , I 'm thinking my face ai n't so bad . But then red , swollen and puffy was n't any kind of improvement . Users beware !
 I absolutely love Oil of Olay ! I use it and it really works well especially the eye formula ! I also make certain that my mom gets it for every gift giving occassion along with her other goodies . This makes for a thoughtful gift just by itself as well .
 The Just Peachy cream blush is great with my light complection and reddish hair . I have used it for years and love the way that it spreads on so easily . The stores no longer carry it , so I was delighted to find it online .
 It is very easy to apply . If you are looking for a good peach shade , this is not it ; `` Just Peachy '' is a light pasty-looking peach that when applied to the back of the hand shows up in the pores and that is not what a cream blush should do ... plus it looks garish . I threw it right in the trash . But if you like that light , bright , pasty-looking peach shade that looks like clown paint , then go for it . I also did n't care for Revlon 's Photo Ready blush in the `` Pinched '' shade for the same reasons .
 It might work well , but I smelled like I just rinsed my head in a fruit smoothie - it 's nauseating .
 i was really excited to receive this product but it really hurt my allergies . everyone is different and some people will surely love this product . it shipped really fast and the seller was execellent but this product just wasnt for me . lucky for me the scent fades fast .
 Watery , and did nothing to enhance shine or soften hair . I am seriously not sure what this stuff really is .
 This is the strangest conditioner I have ever tried . My son had it at his house , so I used it when I ran out of my own hair care products.First of all , it should not be called a `` cream rinse , '' since there is nothing creamy about the consistency of this product . Because the rinse is so runny , it takes a lot to condition my long hair . It leaves my hair somewhat soft and fairly manageable , but not as much as I prefer . It 's definitely green and smells very organic -- kind of like crushed herbs , moss or damp leaves . The nettles in the product make my scalp tingle when applied , then itchy once it dries . If the liquid comes in contact with broken skin , it actually burns.Being a woman , I gravitate more toward products with a nice floral , fruity or spicy scent . I suppose guys would like this fragrance , but I do n't recommend it for ladies . You 'll be much more satisfied with Aubrey 's Honeysuckle Rose conditioner .
 I washed and conditioned my hair with this product today . I had to wash my hair twice , I felt as if it was still dirty . My hair is long , and the shampoo made my hair feel tangled , the conditoner made my hair appear greasy at the scalp after I air dried it . It did smooth the ends , and make the split ends look much better . I will try to only condition the ends of my hair and hopefully the scalp wont look greasy .
 I have thick , relaxed , mid-back length hair and I have been thoroughly impressed with all the AO conditioners I have tried so far -LRB- honeysuckle rose , rosa mosqueta , and GPB -RRB- with the exception of this one . I was so excited to try it , but it just did n't do anything . It did n't seem to penetrate the way the AO conditioners did . It just sat on top of my hair and gave it a waxy feeling . It did nothing to soften my hair and it did nothing to help with detangling . I was just not impressed with this conditioner and will not repurchase . I gave it two stars because of the all natural ingredients . . If you are looking to try a AO conditioner , start with honeysuckle rose .
 I have used this product faithfully for years . I know it like the back of my hand . I recommended it to so many people . And then they up and changed the formula , which was perfect . And they * ruined * it !! I hate it now!I do n't know what has happened to Aubreys . They have changed their formulas . I was so devoted to buying all of my products from them . I can no longer use their products . Why in the world would anyone mess with perfection . I am so incredibly disappointed . Honeysuckle Rose was my absolute * ultimate * conditioner . And it just does not work the same anymore . And the formula is completely different.Nearly every health and beauty product in my home used to be Aubreys , no I must find a new brand . I am not happy about this .
 I bought this from a vitamin shoppe and after the reviews I had seen , I expected miracles . But this conditioner really did n't work for me . My hair was left feeling brittle and dried out pretty quickly afterwards . Now it 's just another bottle of unused hair product banished to the dark recesses of a bottom bathroom drawer .
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOW GARBAGE !! Aubrey 's death was very unfortunate because I 'm sure he is turning in his grave if he knew how his children have completely and utterly disgraced his product line with garbage ingredients . Two nights ago I did my usual routine and purchased the Honeysuckle Rose Conditioner from my local Whole Foods . I was using the product as usual that night and as I was working it through my hair I noticed a major difference in how the product felt and how it was affecting my hair . THe reason I have so loved the Honeysuckle Rose Conditioner was because it was the only conditioner among many that I have tried that left my hair feeling , moisturized , bouncy , curly , smooth and overall rejuvenated . I immediately noticed a difference when I was using this new bottle on my hair . Something in my mind told me to pick up my old bottle that I had in the shower and the new bottle I had just purchased . The bottles looked the same but the ingredients and labeling are radically different . THe old bottle says 100 % Natural No Parabens or Petrochemicals while the new bottle only says All Natural ingredients . The old bottle has the following ingredients : Coconut Fatty Acid Cream Base , Organic Aloe Vera , Organic Shea Butter , Wheat Germ Oil , Organic Jojoba Oil , Organic Rosa Mosqueta Rose Hip Seed Oil ; Extracts of Fennel , Hops , Balm Mint , Mistletoe , Camomile , Yarrow , Chrysanthemum , Angelica , Forsythia and Magnolia ; Honeysuckle Oil , Carrot Oil , Aubrey 's Preservative -LRB- Citrus Seed Extract , Vitamins A , C and E -RRB- . THe new bottle has these ingredients : Aqua , cetyl alcohol , alcohol denat . -LRB- 38b , lavender * -RRB- , butyrospermum parkii -LRB- shea butter -RRB- * , triticum vulgare -LRB- wheat -RRB- germ oil , lonicera caprifolium -LRB- honeysuckle -RRB- extract , aloe barbadensis -LRB- aloe -RRB- leaf juice * , glycerin , simmondsia chinensis -LRB- jojoba -RRB- seed oil * , rosa rubignosa -LRB- Rosa Mosqueta -RRB- seed oil * , citrus grandis -LRB- grapefruit -RRB- extract , tocopheryl acetate , foeniculum vulgare -LRB- fennel -RRB- fruit extract , humulus lupulus -LRB- hops -RRB- extract , melissa officinalis -LRB- balm mint -RRB- leaf extract , chamomilla recutita -LRB- matricaria -RRB- extract , glycine soja -LRB- soybean -RRB- oil , daucus carota sativa -LRB- carrot -RRB- root extract , beta-carotene , hamamelis virginiana -LRB- witch hazel -RRB- water , angelica archangelica extract , chrysanthemum sinense flower extract , magnolia biondii flower extract , ascorbic acid . * OrganicThi is a total change in formula and a HUGE change in the effectiveness of the product . I am incredibly disappointed that Aubrey has decided to reduce their product to such garbage -LRB- and still charge the same price -RRB- and drag the Aubrey name in the dirt . Aubrey Organics has long been known for selling pure and natural products and have now reduced themselves to insulting its consumers and long time supporters of the brand name by selling low quality products for the same price . I am willing to pay good money for quality products but I can not stress enough how much it infuriates me to have to pay a high price for poisoning , unnatural , garbage ingredients . The old formula did great things for my hair and in my line of work I have recommended it to many customers who have asked me what is the best conditioner based on their hair type and I have always steered them toward Aubrey knowing that I was recommending a great product . Now it embarrasses me to know that I may have led people to buy what I thought was a great product but what I now know is new garbage . It makes me look like a liar and I 'm offended that Aubrey would change their formula to something so cheap and not inform their customers . I hope the people at Aubrey take note and that other users of the brand speak out against this new horrible change and low standard of products from Aubrey.Sincerely fromA Hurt , Frustrated , and Enraged FORMER Consumer
 I spent a lot of time looking up `` natural organic '' hair products . I finally settled on Aubrey because of the great ingredients list . I got the shampoo and conditioner yesterday and used them . My hair felt like hay . I was so disappointed . I read the ingredients and they were so different from what is listed on the amazon site . Water and alcohol are now the first two ingredients , Rather than aloe and a coconut cream base . This is false advertising . I am going to try to let amazon know . I now checked the other reviews and see someone else noted the same thing . Wish I had checked the reviews first . Do n't buy it .
 Unfortunately I did n't like the smell so much that I ca n't attest for how well it works - I 've only been able to use it once . The odor reminds me of the perfume making kit a friend of mine had as a kid where you could make cheap , bad selling perfume with blue or yellow dye . The scent of the conditioner makes me feel slightly nauseous -LRB- though a lot of perfumes have that affect on me -RRB- . I did n't know something natural could smell so artificial . Hopefully the store will take it back !
 I used this back a year ago as I started my journey to dealing with the hair God gave me . I hated this conditioner then because it was too , too thick when applied and it did n't leave my hair soft or detangled . It ended up in the back of my stash and I moved on . Fast forward to tonight ! I pulled this one out thinking how bad could it have been ?? Very bad !!! Since I 'd moved on to better conditioners I noticed immediately that this one did not instantly soften or detangler , my hair but I kept going . I sat under the dryer and then rinsed , my hair was a dry Tangled mess !!!! I applied detangler , tried to comb it throughand nothing worked . I started to set my hair and noticed the entire back of my hair was poofy and dry !!!! Just like I had been in front of a fan ! My hair rejected this soundly !!!!! Fearing breakage I washed my hair again and applied a good deep conditioner . All is well now and I threw this entire bottle in the TRASH !!! Update
 This is a lusciously thick and creamy conditioner . Very moisturizing . Detangles as well as a cone conditioner . Great texture , and feels amazing.The scent ... I am trying to decide on the scent . I liked the scent when I sniffed the bottle in the store . When I squirted it out on my hand in the shower , I did not like the scent ... it smelled bad to me . But as it sat in my hair while I finished the rest of my shower routine before rinsing it out , the scent seemed to improve , but it was very strong . Later as I sat air-drying my hair , the scent was still good , but completely over-powering , and gave me a head-ache . Several hours later , my hair is dry and the scent has faded some-what ... but it is still very noticeable.Now , I have a sensitive nose , and am prone to getting headaches as a reaction to fragrances and perfumes . I was not expecting to have that reaction to a product that does n't have any added fragrances , but there ya go.On the plus side , I have sensitive skin prone to break-outs as a reaction to hair products , and my skin is doing fine with this conditioner.I do think that this conditioner might be a bit too heavy for my hair . Maybe I used too much , as a previous commenter cautions . I have normal thickness hair , 2b/c , waist-length . But with the scent giving me a head-ache , I would n't be able to use this as a daily conditioner anyway . I 'll keep it around for deep conditioning though , it is the best I have found for that purpose!Update
 I used this product once and realized it was n't for my hair . The smell is way too strong and it left my hair dry . I need something with more moisture so I purchased Hugo Naturals Ylang Tea Conditioner . It works better for my coarse , frizzy , fine , dry , damaged hair . If you extremely dry hair do n't waste your money on this product .
 I really do not like this product because it makes my hair so greasy it looks like I put crisco in my hair.It states that you should shake it - which is really hard to do because it is so thick - it leaves my scalp super greasy & my end dry . Very unhappy about that . It does have a semi-nice smell to it .
 White Camellia by the same company is 10 times better for black -LRB- 4b -RRB- type hair .
 LOOK AT THE PERSON WHO WROTE A REVIEW BELOW , THEY ARE TOTALLY RIGHT . THE OLD INGREDIENTS WERE REAL PRODUCTS THAT HELPED YOU HAIR GREATLY , BUT THE FIRST INGREDIENT NOW IS WATER AND ALCOHOL , HELLOOOOOOOOO , ALCOHOL ??? IT WENT FROM CREAM FATTY ACID BASE TO ALCOHOLLLLLLLLL , YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT ANGER , i 'M SENDING IT BACK ASAP , AND WILL LOOK FOR SOMETHING ELSE . IF I WANT ALCOHOL IN MY HAIR I KNOW WHERE TO FIND IT , ARE THESE PEOPLE SERIOUS . THEY 'RE USING THE SAME GOOD NAME AND SELLING GARBAGE , WELL GUESS WHAT , I GOT NEWS , MOST PEOPLE OUT THERE ACTUALLY READ INGREDIENTS AND THEY WILL FLIP WHEN THEY SEE THIS AN DREFUSE TO BUY IT ANYMORE . GET READY TO GO OUT OF BUSINESS UNLESS YOU CHANGE YOUR FORMULA BACK . I WOULD GIVE A ZERO STAR IF I COULD .
 I noticed a change in the ingredients as soon as I used the updated -LRB- or should I say downgraded -RRB- product . I have tried to find bottles of the product with the original ingredients and am not able to find them . I will no longer use this product .
 This conditioner was thick and had a nice scent , but made my hair dry and brittle after washing it out . I even added a little olive oil for extra moisturizing and it did not make a difference . It also felt heavy while rinsing out of my hair almost as if there was some kind of film left on my hair . Perhaps I used too much -LRB- 1/4 of the bottle -RRB- on my thick hair . I 'm too scared to try it again . It took me two weeks to get my hair almost back to normal .
 This fragrance is a turn off . It smells like a rose scented perm . It gave me headaches . Smell was too strong . The product did moisturize my hair a lot but the buildup it left in my hair was somewhat greasy .
 first - this conditioner is a horrible and unappetizing color - and as soon as it comes out of the bottle , the scent is overpowering . No matter how much I rinsed my hair , the scent would cling to my hair all day long and make my eyes water . The only thing that works was to STOP using it ! Now I just use diluted apple cider vinegar and that does the trick to get the chlorine out and keep my hair shiny and soft after swimming . It 's also organic and much cheaper !
 I have n't tried this as a leave in , but as just a regular moisturizing conditioner it did nothing to improve the condition of my hair ... it actually seems to make it even more brittle and dry ! I would recommend Shea Moisture Shea Butter Conditioner to anyone wanting a leave in conditioner that adds great moisture and softness and smells great ! This is the review I left for the shampoo which includes some comments about the conditioner : I read so many positive reviews that I was extremely excited to try this shampoo . I have really dry 4a/4b hair , with 2 daughters that both have 4a . Unfortunately this product was n't the moisture experience for me that it was for all the reviewers . Yes , I shook it before each use and it even lathered a LOT during washings , but after shampooing my hair felt completely stripped of any moisture that it had to begin with ! It definitely felt clean as it felt stripped of everything , which is why I could n't give it a 1 star rating ... it at least did that . But moisturize , no . I bought the conditioner with it and that added no help whatsoever to softening or moisturizing my hair . It was extremely brittle and rough after drying ... worse than when starting . I also tried it on both of my daughters ' hair , tried leaving the conditioner on longer for deep condition , and have waited until 2 months after use to write this review just to be fair . It was the same result with their hair and every single time of use . It was like washing my hair with harsh dish soap . I really did n't like the smell either unfortunately . I was hoping that would be the one bonus . I hate wasting money , so I 'm going to use it until the bottle is empty . I definitely wo n't be buying again though . Luckily I also bought a bottle of Shea Moisture Shea Butter Leave in Conditioner which makes a dramatic difference in moisture for my daughters and myself . It keeps our hair soft and fluffy ALL day ! Now that stuff is awesome !! It has helped counter balance the moisture stripping effect of this shampoo .
 I personally love the Rosa Mosqueta Conditioner . However , I made two attempts at ordering it and received a jar of Sea Soap Shower wash both times . Thus , after returning the second jar and ensuring Amazon customer service was aware of my repeated failed attempts , I gave up .
 A waste of money . It left my 4a hair feeling dry , stringy and rough . I tried it twice and regretted it both times . I do know about ingredient changes earlier in the year . But since I had never tried it before , I decided to splurge . What a mistake . Save your money .
 First I 'd like to say I have used the hot oil and smelled the perfume which is nice but this product was horrible for me , first it left my hair very greasy and it did NOT condition , smooth or do anything for me . It does n't have a good smell either . I even tried diluting it with some water to make a conditioner wash-even though the greasiness cut down it still did n't condition . This product is aimed for more dry/damaged hair and although mine is n't in the worst condition I would NOT recommend this to someone with that hair type .
 I am tired of trying organic shampoos and conditioners . My conventional shampoo and conditioners were very good but I wanted to try organic ones.I have tried many brands from whole food store . Along with this I had bought `` Aubrey Organics - Camomile Luxurious Herbal Shampoo '' . My hair started falling A LOT from the very first day , during shower and whenever I combed , also otherwise.My hair then started becoming brown.Not understanding which one might be the cause , shampoo or conditioner , I tried the shampoo alone with another organic conditioner I had been using -LRB- which made my hair very rough -RRB- . I also tried just the conditioner with my regular shampoo.But the things were not getting better.I gave up , came back to my conventional Dove shampoo and conditioner . Its been just 3 washes . My hair is coming back to normal.I am not sure if its just my hair . May be it did not suit my hair . But just wanted to share my opinion .
 The Aubrey Organics conditioner left my hair worse then before i washed it , although it does smell good if you like natural smells it left my hair a greasy mess . It is quite a inconvenience when are getting ready for the day after a shower and blow drying your hair looks like you have n't showered in a week . I will not be using this conditioner in my hair again ... hopefully I can find another use for it .
 I bought my Honeysuckle from Whole Foods for $ 10 . Everyone said this was a great conditioner . I tried it and it did n't do anything for my hair . It did not feel stronger , healthier , or softer . My detangling process took the same amount of time . So no , this did not help in that department either . I gave it two stars because the conditioner is all natural , free of harsh chemicals and dyes , and is good for all hair types . It also tamed my frizz also.FYI
 This conditioner is so bad , my hair looked horrible after I used it . First of all it does not do anything what it is supposed to do , I could not even comb my hair after using it . Second of all , my hair looked dirty after I washed it . I am never going to use any product form this brand as it is obvious to me they use lies to advertise their products . If the ratings would allow minus points I would definitely use them now , unfortunately I have to put one star which they do n't deserve it as this product did nothing for my hair , it even made it worst ever . My hair never looked so bad , unless I do n't wash it for a week or so . I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 Product formula changed in 2012 . I have a bottle purchased in 2011 that lists first 3 ingredients as
 I purchased this along with the shampoo from my local health food store . I liked the shampoo for my oily hair , but this rinse sucks . I know it 's not supposed to be thick like a normal conditioner , but the consistency of this was hard to work with . It just runs out of your hands before you get it on your hair . I tried pouring it on my ends directly and leaving it on for 3 minutes like I do for any conditioner , but it did n't seem to rinse out well . Felt kinda oily like there was a strange residue left behind , which is strange because it is so water-like . It would n't have mattered if it did anything for my hair , but it provided no detangling , no body , no anything . I literally watched the money I paid for it wash down the drain little by little . I could 've gotten a bad bottle , but i 'm not willing to repurchase to find out if i 'm wrong .
 I do n't really care much for this product . It 's not thick enough and it left my hair feeling stringy , coarse , and brittle . I usually like aloe in my hair , but apparently I do not like aloe in a conditioner . Also , this conditioner smells like lemon scented mopping solution . There is no universe in which I find myself wanting to smell like mopping solution after a shower . I do n't have anything against lemon fragrance , quite the contrary . I usually like the refreshing zing of lemon in a body care product , but this stuff just smells funky . I do n't recommend this for people with my hair type -LRB- 3B , doing curly girl -RRB- , but perhaps this works for some people . Personally , I think the Aubrey brand is going down the crapper since they started changing their ingredients .
 This product does not work for me . I find it to be very &#34; heavy &#34; on my hair and does not take the yellow out .
 It just does not get the yellow out of my gray hair . It is quite messy , as you must have your hair saturated with it . I thought this would work for me . I feel I wasted my money .
 it made my hair hard . I have nothing else to say about this product . can i return and get my money back?I will let others know how I feel about this product . I didnn ' t know it would make my gray look purple . Who wants purple hair?I have seen women with a purple tint now I know what they are using . i do n't like it for me
 I am really mad that I wasted money on these thinking I 'd be cleaning by ears better ... as the item name and description suggest . They are intentionally misleading to sell more units . Antibacterial Q-Tips do not exist . This is the description , straight from the product website : Q-tips AntimicrobialOur Q-tips Antimicrobial cotton swabs are treated to keep swabs fresher , giving you peace of mind when cleaning minor cuts , scrapes , and applying ointments . `` They are treated so they stay fresh and do n't expand like Q-tips . sometimes do once the box is opened . They are NOT antibacterial . The price is outrageous considering they do not do what the name says ... and I saw these at my local Walgreens today for $ 2.89 . What a rip off .
 I ordered this product , the gloLoose powder and instead received the gloPressed powder with a gloLoose scanner sticker on it . I contacted the company through Amazon three days ago and still have not had any response ! I am very disapointed in the lack of response . Since I am a prime member and pay to be , I am also disappointed in Amazon as well for not putting a packing slip in the box as well . When I called customer service the representative told me that this really never happens . Guess I got bad luck , wrong product and no packing slip ... think twice if you want to order from them , now I will have to wait even longer for makeup that I ran out of and needed by this holiday weekend .
 Or it does n't work.I bought this so I could stop using my grubby hands on my face.I gave up though because I could n't figure it out .
 This product is perfect if you have tourture in mind . Otherwise , keep shopping and find something different . All this product does is cause pain to the point of streaming tears . Seriously , this was designed by a sociopath or masochist . One of the worst inventions ever !
 I ca n't see how this could be used for a blackhead unless the blackhead was huge . It works well on big whiteheads though .
 IT ARRIVED PROMPTLY BUT DID N'T WORK AS STATED , VERY HARD TO USE & MADE SKIN RED !
 I had one stubborn blackhead at the corner of my lip that compelled me to order this . It did work remarkably well on that blackhead , but then I could n't leave well enough alone . I must have messed up my pores , because now for the first time IN MY LIFE -LRB- I 'm 29 -RRB- , I have acne on my chin . The chin is the only place I used this tool -LRB- other than that initial blackhead -RRB- and now it 's one problem after another . Not just whiteheads either , cysts that are inflammed and itchy ! The only thing that I 've done differently with my skin routine is use this , and it 's caused me nothing but problems . Leave the pore unclogging to a professional ; you 're opening up quite a can of worms if you take this upon yourself .
 I have n't been abele to do anything with this . I 'm better off using finger nails . I 'm afraid it sounded and looked more useful then it is .
 THIS IS NOT A STAINLESS STEEL METAL . MY FACE SWELLED SO BAD THAT I HAD TO GO TO ER AND THEN STAY THE NIGHT !!!! I HAD NO IDEA THAT I HAD SKIN ALLERGIES TO THIS CERTAIN METAL . I HAVE NEVER HAD A REACTION BEFORE , THE SIDE OF THE EXTRACTOR SAYS STAINLESS INDIA , WHAT THE HELL IS THAT !???
 This item did not even work and for the price you pay i feel it was a rip off !
 These blemish extractors come in at least two styles
 I was excited about this when I ordered it but the results were less than impressive.I feel like if you have large pores it would work great -LRB- worked great on my husband * do n't tell him I said that * -RRB- but if you have small pores I hate to say it but fingernails work better.The tool is just too big to be used for small pores or delicate areas of the face .
 I am a female adult in my 30s , well past the stage of adolescent breakouts , and have had the good fortune to experience clear skin 99 days out of every 100 . On rare occasions , I will have a stubborn whiteheads that grow next to each other . Popping at the wrong time can lead to scarring . I also have tiny blackheads that are only visible upon close scrutiny -LRB- but I know they 're there -RRB- . So I purchased this tool , thinking it would help me clean out some blackheads on my chin , and a couple of whiteheads that were also on my chin . After cleaning the brand new instrument with isopropyl alcohol , and following the instructions for usage , it popped the whiteheads , but did not do anything to remove in any blackheads.I have not used the tool since that one time on that one day.Now , 3 days later , I have 6 pimples in various stages developing on my chin -LRB- coincidence ? I think not . I do not have any pimples anywhere else ... they are all clustered on my chin , in the exact areas I was pressing with the tool 3 days prior -RRB- . This is highly unusual for my health history ; in fact , I have never had such a thing happen to me . I followed the instructions to the letter , and my efforts have resulted in mass breakouts . I 'm very upset with this product and strongly recommend against it .
 I loved the original Avalon Organic Botanicals Hydrating toner - as shown in this picture . That is what I wanted . Unfortunately , the product I received is the `` new , more sustainable '' version
 This is not what is shown in the picture . You 'll get some `` new sustainable version '' instead and it is gross . First off , it gets all soapy in your hand and the suds dont go away in your hands or face , with or without cotton pads . It smells the same as the original version initially but then it quickly fades to some other mysterious odor.I am pretty disappointed . product feels like it was tampered with . There was no safety packaging seal around the cap when it arrived .
 I ordered this through this seller on Amazon and never received the item . Amazon gave me credit.So , I went out to the store & purchased it from Whole Foods instead . After using it once , my entire face was bright red , swollen & burning . I know this has salicylic acid in it , but I do a 30 % salicylic peels about 3 times a month without any reaction . I leave my peels on for 7 minutes and my face is barely red . I applied this toner for a few seconds and got that bad of a reaction . I do n't know if it 's the combination of ingredients , but be careful with this toner if you buy it .
 Word of caution when using this product.Recently , I purchased this facial wash and on the label it said for sensitive skin . I do n't have sensitive skin , but thought this would be a mild product.The first night I used it , I felt a mild tingling and stinging sensation , but I thought it was the cleansing agent working . My face felt a bit dry and tight the next day . Day 2 night I used it and stronger burning and pain developed.I Immediately tried to wash my face but the stinging continued.The next morning I awoke to find my eyes swollen shut and my lips swollen.I am not a sensitive or allergic type person . . I do n't have any allergies or skin problems . Be careful if you are going to use this stuff . I would not recommend it to ANYONE!I am on day two of swollen eyes and my skins feels like it is on fire with a bad sunburn . Eyes are watering and painful .
 I used this last night and it hurt my face , this morning my face was very itchy and I used it again tonight and it just burned my face , I look horrible , my face is so red and swollen it hurts , burns and itches so bad.I only use organic product for everything and I had no problem with beauty juice so I wo n't use this again.And I do n't have sensitive skin besides there were some ingredient in it that just do n't convince me at all.The shipping was horrible it took forever and the gel was open and the gel was all over the package , horrible shipping someone just put in bag and send it .
 first off ive heard nd seen this product on and offline but never thought to buy itso after debaten to buy it , i purshased it , my skin type is very dry/sensitive skin . so when i tryed it it was okay , nd ma skin didnt agree . felt stingy dry wasent happy , couldnt return it30 days past personally didnt wrk for me ;-LRB- claims to be for sensitive skin , well nt mine lol
 This product is overloaded with lavender . Why not just buy a bottle of lavender and put it on my face ? lol
 The moisturizer pictured here is the old formula , but what I got was thew new `` Lavender Luminosity '' daily mositurizer forumla and it is no good . It 's drying and not moisturizing at all . Too bad because I 've loved this stuff and used it for years .
 The high rated reviews refer to the old moisturizer , which I also used . It was great , and deserved a five star review . The `` New , More Sustained '' cream is nothing like the old formula . It does not moisturize at all , instead , it dries on the skin very quickly , feels like a mask and very heavy . I wish they would not have messed with the formula , and left it alone . Now I will never buy it again , until they make a decision to return to previous formula . The picture of the product is still the old one , but the jar that arrives is the new , more sustained product , and it is not good at all . I do not recommend it .
 I 'm so annoyed with this `` Now More Sustainable ! '' crap . I 've used the lavender moisturizer for 2 years , and the most recent package I bought had that on it . I did n't even think about it when I started breaking out in these gross cystic acne bumps all on my neck . Well , I tried to use it yesterday after having stopped for a few weeks and the dang bumps are back . The old formula was just fine . I 'm chunking this crud in the trash and refuse to by anymore of their products that have that labeling on them !
 They totally changed the face lotion , so now it ; s crap , it was from petaluma Calif , now fron Ney York and not the sane
 Dissapointed , misled by all the good reviews ! def . Not for all skin types . The exfoliate is coarse , not suitable for sensitive or if your skin is dry/combination . I felt it was scratching my face . The enzyme was probably what stripped the little oil I have -LRB- + winter time right now -RRB- . After washing my face was flaky white from my dead ? Or dry ? Skin , around the cheeks and t-zone . The texture is probably like the normal st.ives apricot scrub ... but this one w.the ` enzyme ' makes it worse in my opinion .
 This product has been ruined . Beware ! The item pictured and described is the old formula , which was a great product . I 've used it for years . The new one arrived , with a different label , and wow , it 's no good . My face immediately felt dry and stretched and in the morning there was a residue on my skin that I could not wait to wash off . So sad . Guess I 'm looking for a new moisturizer . Shame on Avalon Organics for messing with a good thing !
 I have been using Avalon Organics CoQ10 for years . Both the day and night wrinkle defense creams . To my complete dismay I can not believe that the product and the packaging has changed so dramatically . The original product was the best , and now it contains a reformulation that seems to benefit the bottom line of the company and not the customer . First off , the formula does not contain all the original ingredients that made the product so great in the first place . They have pulled many of the good things and have replaced them with less expensive ingredients . The soft and wonderful formula left my skin glowing and now it is more paste-like on my face . It goes on much more dry , which is not what 30 + skin wants.Do not let the `` more sustainable '' fool you . It is not the same product as before . The supposed sustained packaging is terrible . I have had 2 bottles with defective pumps already . The new formula is much thicker and the supposed great packaging and new pump allows only for a tiny amount to come out . The last bottle simply had a pump that stopped working after the first few pumps . I had to use the product by opening the bottle and labor to get some of the product onto the palm of my hand . I have written to the company about the reformulation and never received one response in return . They do not seem to care.In addition , many people do not want the SPF they now add into the product . It would have been better not to add it at all and let people opt to add this on top , or put out 2 separate formulations . I am not sure why they took something great and turned it into a mediocre product at best . In my opinion , look elsewhere , as this is not the great product it once was .
 Avalon Organics has pulled the proverbial fast one in re-formulating their CoQ10 wrinkle Defense serum . READ THE INGREDIENTS , this formula , and the original are not the same . It has been cheapened , and in sneaky , underhanded sort of way.First , why is the description on the new product so nebulous and evasive ? Obviously its because they 're hoping no one will notice and check the difference in ingredients . They simply say , `` new , more sustainable '' , not `` improved '' or `` new formula '' . The ingredients have completely changed , and for the worse . While the original product was excellent , with high amounts of anti-oxidants , like arnica and white tea extract , as well as generous amounts of CoQ10 , this product only has a whole lot of cheap oils , aloe vera , and glycerin . And the CoQ10 is wayyyyyyyy down at the bottom , one of the LAST ingredients . The original formula 's CoQ10 content was MUCH higher , with it 6th or 7th from the top.When I called Avalon to voice my complaints , the customer service rep had a bad attitude , and basically said , `` whatever '' , but said she would issue a refund with the receipt.They do n't really seem to care , and obviously do n't want my business . What a bummer , because the original formula was just great.In short ... do n't buy it !
 I too have been using Avalon Organics CoQ10 wrinkle defense serum for a long time . I am utterly dismayed that the product has been changed and the new ` formula ' is absolutely nothing like the old and does nothing for me . The original product was the best , but the new cheap reformulation is awful and must have been done purely to make moe profit . The formula does not contain all the original ingredients that made the product so wonder all the good stuff has been removed and replaced them with less expensive ingredients . The soft and wonderful formula left my skin glowing too , the new cream , well waste of time . The marketing angle of `` more sustainable '' is just a smoke screen . It is not the same product as before . It took me years to find the original product but they have taken something really special and destroyed it , heartbreaking ! In my opinion , look elsewhere , as this is not the great product it once was , all my friends who used it agree and have stopped using it . So sad .
 I ordered what was described on this webpage , but unfortunately the description neglects to mention the SPF component of this product . I was sent this product , but it actually has titanium dioxide in it for SPF purposes and if you want the Creme without that you need to get the nighttime version . The nano particles of titanium dioxide are not without dangers , so I suggest buying the other version and get a titanium dioxide-free sunscreen -LRB- 1,2 -RRB- . Or , since this brand does not have an accurate product description , go with a more responsible company . I do not have much time to shop for cremes like this and was a little displeased I had to go through returning this product and finding a replacement when the product description could have been more accurate.I am now using 100 % Pure Coffee Cherry Sun Damage Corrective Cream or 100 % Pure Organic Coffee Bean Eye Cream , AAA Shea Butter 's Cocoa-Nut Creme , and Reviva 's Ten Percent Glycolic Acid Night Creme .
 I ordered this product without checking the ingredients and label on the company 's website . When I recieved this product , it had a label that also mentioned SPF , but the amazon page does not mention it at all ! You can see that it has SPF on this webpage :[ ... -RSB- While I do not mind certain kinds of SPF products , this one has titanium dioxide on the updated label , which is not a good bet as far as SPF goes ! I am surprised this page has not been updated and was not happy about having to shop for a new product and go through return shipping hassles and finding a different product that might include the nighttime version of this product.Webpages describing titanium dioxide health dangers :1 . -LSB- ... -RSB- 2 . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The face cream turns your face white . You cant use it unless you want to look ill . I have used this face lotion without the SPF and love it , too bad this formula just is not attractive .
 I have been using Avalon Organics CoQ10 for years . Both the day and night wrinkle defense creams . To my complete dismay I can not believe that the product and the packaging has changed so dramatically . The original product was the best , and now it contains a reformulation that seems to benefit the bottom line of the company and not the customer . First off , the formula does not contain all the original ingredients that made the product so great in the first place . They have pulled many of the good things and have replaced them with less expensive ingredients . The soft and wonderful formula left my skin glowing and now it is more paste-like on my face . It goes on much more dry , which is not what 30 + skin wants.Do not let the `` more sustainable '' fool you . It is not the same product as before . The supposed sustained packaging is terrible . I have had 2 bottles with defective pumps already . The new formula is much thicker and the supposed great packaging and new pump allows only for a tiny amount to come out . The last bottle simply had a pump that stopped working after the first few pumps . I had to use the product by opening the bottle and labor to get some of the product onto the palm of my hand . I have written to the company about the reformulation and never received one response in return . They do not seem to care.In addition , many people do not want the SPF they now add into the product . It would have been better not to add it at all and let people opt to add this on top , or put out 2 separate formulations . I am not sure why they took something great and turned it into a mediocre product at best . In my opinion , look elsewhere , as this is not the great product it once was .
 I loved loved loved the old version -LRB- without the SPF -RRB- . I 've been buying the old version for years - it was the lightest and best moisterizer I 've ever used ! Because of the added ingredients - the new version is much heavier and has a bad consistency :--LRB- . I wish I could still find the old version ...
 Maybe it 's because I used it without the other Avalon Organics products but the Wrinkle Defense Creme gave me dry red splotches . I have sensitive skin so I want to warn others with the same . The redness disappeared as soon as I stopped using the product and I was unable to determine what effect it might have on lines and wrinkles ...
 I really loved this product before they added the spfI am very sensitive to ingredientsand am sad I can no longer get the stuff I love
 I 've used Avalon products before and been pretty pleased . I 've seen other reviews about the formula changing , and yes , it is a bit thicker and seems stronger smelling . Those things I am not too concerned about but its really annoying to pay for a product with a pump on it that has no interior straw/tube for the pump , and trying to get it out by just pounding on container is like trying to get Heinz ketchup to come out of the bottom of a bottle . Will think twice before ordering again .
 I have been using this product for years and have been recommending it to my friends and family . Not anymore . The new formula is pasty , dry and does n't absorb well . If I wanted a product with sunscreen I would have been buying it . I am still searching for a replacement , tentatively settled on Philosophy .
 I 've always been afraid to buy one of these wrinkle products because i was worried they lied about what they can do ... well , i 've been using this product for a few weeks now , just about every day , and i am not noticing ANY improvement on those fine lines . I love Avalon 's Lavender Lotion , so i thought i 'd try this product . Oh well .
 I purchased a pump bottle of this , nothing comes out no matter how much you pump it , and there is no way to get the top off . I do n't even know if there is any creme in there at all . Will never purchase anything from Avalon again . Do n't know if they are a scam or just do n't know how to make pump bottles but it is really frustrating .
 This oil smells bad and is seems to be old . It is a solid instead of liquid - after gently heating it up , it will liquify , but it still smells bad and feels grainy on my skin - I do not recommend it . After use , it returns to a solid . Repeated ` heating ' seemed to ` spoil ' it even further - the smell got worse - like fish and melted plastic ! Gross !
 I read the reviews and was hopeful when I ordered this oil . I was extremely disappointed , however , when it arrived . The oil is n't moisturizing at all - I get better results from St. Ives lotion . The smell is a bit bizarre for `` vanilla '' - it smells more like a muted vanilla plant than the vanilla smell I am used to . I will stick with my St. Ives moisturizer , as this did nothing for me . I threw it in the trash .
 I 'm highly disappointed in the seller . The barrel-sized amount of sickly sweet fragrance they dumped in the bottle can not mask the rancid odor the oil gives off . There 's no expiration date on the bottle , but one whiff of this stuff can knock you out , it 's that expired .
 all of my nails chipped 2 days later . I expected my manicure to last a week based on the reviews .
 I got directly from Zoya . It does not seem to be good for my nails . Since I started using it my nails have been splitting and flaking . So , I wo n't be using it anymore .
 Pros : - This top coat has the weird ability of being able to even out a streaky polish application , if you apply it while the last coat is still tacky . I 'm not sure how it does that , but it was useful back when I was still buying cheapo streaky-formula polishes . With sheer colors I ca n't just hide streakiness by adding another coat of color - but I could smooth it out with a coat of Zoya Armor.Cons : - It dries very slowly . Even with the Zoya quick-dry drops I still managed to get at least one sheet mark . - It 's not shiny - it will follow the contour of every tiny bubble and slight imperfection in your polish.For a while , I was using Zoya Armor as a sort of `` pre top coat '' - to even out my polish and make it less streaky , and then I would put my `` real '' top coat on top -LRB- Dior -RRB- to solve the drying time issue and the shine issue . But then I discovered that some polish brands are n't streaky . And I stopped buying streaky polishes . Chanel polish is my favorite brand now and it never streaks . Dior is my favorite top coat and it dries lightning fast with a smooth shiny surface . Zoya Armor became an unnecessary step .
 all of my nails chipped 2 days later . I expected my manicure to last a week based on the reviews .
 What a disappointment.Did nothing to strengthen nails.Polish chipped after half a day.Sadly , I have nothing good to say about this one .
 This top coat is not worth the money . Go to your discount store and buy their top coat . You will have the same results . My polish chipped within 24 hours of applying the top coat . Armor ? huh ?
 I thought this would last longer based on reviews but it peels just as fast as a Cover Girl product or something similar . Not impressed .
 I read many positive reviews of this product before purchasing it , but I found it to be ineffective and am still searching for a good face sunscreen . There was no expiration date on the bottle or package -LRB- also disappointing since sunscreen does not have a long life -RRB- , so perhaps the product was expired . Regardless , it did not work well for me , and I 'm extremely disappointed that I wasted this much money on an ineffective product .
 This tiny amount of product smells so bad , I had to wash it off as soon as I put it on so I ca n't really review any other qualities about it . I tried a small amount on my hand in the store so I guess I did n't notice the old lady smell and purchased because of the ingredients . I 'll never use it again .
 I was tempted to purchase this item because of the reviews but once I saw the full ingredients list I got scared . Yikes !
 The item I recieved and paid $ 10 for was a free sample you get at Clinique with your purchased item . I would n't recommend this seller or what he 's selling . You 'll make out better if you just go to the mall and buy it straight from Clinique .
 I tried this clinique product for a while , but I was disappointment . It did not help me with any of my Wrinkles or dark circles.Do not waist your money : - -LRB-
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 i purchased several products from the cucina line , which at first i thought i had found the best product on earth . however , i have sensitive skin , and after about 7 days or so , i started getting a rash , a burn and redness all over my skin and i could figure out what it was , until i contacted my dermatologist and they suggested it was probably due to the new items i was usuig . so i discontinued using the products in within 2 weeks , , the problems went away , but i am stuck wtih 4 items from this company because they are not in the business of helping me , and tell me it is too bad i did n't like their products . my biggest issues is i thought i was getting quality products , without any parabens and such , but those ingredients where not disclosed in there description , so how was i to know that the company 's description was misleading . i would never buy from this company again and i will tell everyone who has even a bit of sensitive skin to stay away from their products . their descriptions are not truthful and they will do nothing to help you once the item has been opened . amazon should remove them from there site as they are only out for peoples money , they do not care that their products causes rashes , burns and itchyness . i would have never bought their products if their description was a better one , not such a vague one , but they reviews were all good and so i was led to believe that they were a good product and so i bought several of them , they sounded wonderful , but to me , my hands went thru a living hell with all the burns and itching . maybe for those who do n't have sensitive skin , these are great , but for me and a lot of others , they are nothing but problems and wasted monies down they drain . do n't even bother to contact one of the sellers , as that was a waste of time . i was very disappointed to say the least & i will stick to companies that stand behind their products and fully disclose the ingredients . this has really changed my opinion about amazon and who it 's affliates are . plus i found out the whatever you order , you could be paying a s & h ; charge plus another charge on top of that , you do n't know until you proceed to check out . i was had a product that costs less that did the s & h and processing fee , it is really a racket . i will try to find other companies that have better product descriptions and better prices you really have to be careful when buying items from amazon in the furture if ever again i had hoped they could be my one stop online shoppingk but after this incident , they did n't even contact me wheni told them about the situation . all i can say , is buyers beware of what exaclty you are getting and what you are paying for . please excuse any typos.CUCINA Purifying Hand Wash - 16.9 fl . oz . - Coriander and Olive Tree
 I thought spending this much money on hand lotion was ridiculous . Until I smelled it . Then I loved it ... Then I hated it . It separated . Pushing the pump deposited an oily water-like substance in my hand . No amount of shaking it up would make the cement-like cream in the bottom remix with the oily water on top.I went all the way back to the manufacturer in Canada and offered to return it to them for a replacement . They `` do n't do that . '' In fact , after 3 emails in which they asked me to somehow scoop out the mixture , put it in a beaker or glass jar , photograph it , scan the photo into the computer or mail it to them , they also told me I 'd be responsible for paying return freight , insurance , and customs charges just to the get them the bottle ... for them to look at ... BEFORE they even gave me an answer on a replacement.I do n't know about you , but I 'd venture to speculate that most folks who spend upwards of $ 30 on hand cream are n't the type to `` scam a company '' for hand lotion ! No , they 're likely similar to me ; a middle-aged business owner who took time out of her day to contact them about a faulty product
 its just oil with glitter , do n't waste your money , Go to the store and buy oil and glitter , you 'll get the same affect
 This product was not what I expected ... It has a strong smell ... not a pleasant smell!Also , I expected a little more shimmer .
 The cucina hand wash refill was packaged with a dvd series . Why ??? The cucina leaked and entire package was soaked . I was shorted hand wash refill and had a mess to clean up . Yes , the dvd packaging was also soaked . Thank goodness the dvds were not ruined . These were gifts , so I felt bad about the `` stink '' of the hand wash refill on the dvd package . Hopefully this will not happen to anyone else . Concerned
 I 've been using this for years . It 's the only body wash that does n't dry my skin or cause an allergic reaction . However , it 's been discontinued . I went to the Jergens web site and they recommend their bar soap as a substitute . It 's not the same and I am so not happy with them . Can anybody recommend anything else ?
 I 'm so disappointed because this was my favorite color , and it was discontinued . I purchased two of the same boxes , but when I mixed the dye with the developing cream -LRB- both at the same time , I have really long hair -RRB- , I had two entirely different colors in the bottles . One bottle was very light tan , and the other was very dark brown . Unsure which was correct , and even if I did it would have been irrelevant because I needed both boxes to cover my head , I had to toss both . I 'm not sure if one had gone bad -LRB- no expiration date as far I could tell/see -RRB- , or if somehow the wrong colored dye had made it 's way into one of my boxes . Either way , I 'm upset I could n't return my hair to its favorite color ! Hoping for a refund .
 I love love love the smell of soy milk and was very disappointed with his body butter . It is really not moisturizing and does not go on smooth at all . Very disappointed . This may be why they have one called body souffl&eacute; now .
 Bright Crystal Versace is a young , bright , cute fruity-floral musk . It has a clean edge , a sweet edge , and a sexy one too - that seems unique in my book . It 's a pretty & versatile scent , but it 's most certainly not my style.Classic fragrances are ageless . This one is n't . The ad is not the target market - it 's a reflection of what the wearer wants to be , imo . Bright Crystal Versace seems targeted to the under 25 crowd .
 This item does not smell like my $ 80 bottle I purchased from Macy 's . I already opened it so I ca n't return it . You get what you pay for .
 I love Versace and then i decided to buy it here ! But i still have the leftovers of my older Versace that i bought in store and i compared the two of them : one from Nordstrom and the on from Amazon . The one from Amazon has scent for couple min and thats all . The one from nordstrom smells long and it take just a bit of it !!! I am very disappointed . This is definetly fake !!!! Waste of money !!! Dont get fooled by cheap price , it doesnt worth it !!!
 I purchased the perfume At Macy 's , later saw it on Amazon for half the price . I thought it to be a `` no-brainer '' . So I returned the department store one & ordered the one off of Amazon ! When the box arrived it seemed , at first to be the same . Then I noticed there were 2 slits on the top of the box , covered with silver tape . Opened it , sprayed it . It had a small , hint of a scent . Barely.I 've not used it much since I got it , 2 months ago , but after my shower today , sprayed it . Now , it has no smell at all !! NONE!And this item CAN NOT BE RETURNED !! Go figure . I rate this -10 stars !
 ... but I purchased a 3oz Versace Bright Crystal recently and it is positively not the real deal . It faintly has the same aroma so there is likely a touch of the real thing in there , but it has an overpowering amount of rubbing alcohol added . My guess is that it 's a 1 to 5 ratio of fragrance to alcohol -LRB- at most -RRB- . I have trusted in Amazon for a very long time and I have never questioned the quality of their products . So much so , that even though I read the numerous reviews that this product was a fake , I thought `` no way - not Amazon '' , and ordered anyway . And of course , fragrances are non-returnable so I have been taken with no recourse.Don ' t do it . From now on I 'll pay the extra and buy it at a retail department store .
 The Versace bought from net company does not seems to be original , when i opened it it looked perfectly fine as it had the same smell as original but now even opening the bottle does not gives you much smell and neither does the smell much lasts on you clothes . This was my first perfumes net purchase , I will prefer to buy this from stores paying little more dollars .
 I ordered this for my wife for Christmas from Amazon because it was about half the cost of the department stores . It was terrible to find out that I had been duped . She knows her perfume & was able to show me several ways to see that this is a fake -LRB- only after I asked -RRB- . One easy to see discrepancy between this product & the real thing is
 I should have listened to another review that said this perfume is a fake because it 's a fake . I read what he wrote about the `` e '' being first on the box - well the picture with the product on-line has the `` e '' first but when you get the product in the mail the `` e '' is not first anymore and the perfume has almost no smell except for pure alcohol . SUCH a rip off ! I have bought MANY things from Amazon but will NEVER buy perfume from them again ! Way to dupe your customers - you did it good!Uniquely For Her Bright Crystal by Versace Eau De Toilette Spray 1.7 oz
 The cologne is fake ! I would like my money back . I will be contacting amazon unless I recieve my money back . I am more than happy to return the product . Contect me at yuanmai@hotmail.com
 I order this perfume for my wife 's birthday with 3 weeks of time and I receive it 5 weeks later plus the cap was broken and liking every where I 'm not buying from this place never again . ... they said that they ship it 3 times but I do n't think so is just waist of time and money plus I look bad with my late birthday present . Sucks . .
 My package came with an additional lotion that i did not ask for , in a very different packaging than what the Bright Crystal lotion is supposed to come with . The Bright crystal lotion 's container is similar to the perfume 's container , but I got a cheap plastic tube . This plus the quality of the spray and its cheap price makes me believe that this is all fake . I never asked for the additional lotion , which they included as if to overcompensate for lack of a quality product .
 I had previously smelled this perfume at a store in the mall . I loved the fresh scent . When I received the product , it did smell the way I wanted it too . However , once sprayed the scent does not last more than 10 minuetes . I have sprayed it on my hair , neck , clothes and wrist all at the same time hoping it would last . I should not have to spray that much of any perfume and even then , by the time I arrived to anywhere I was going , the scent was gone . I am extremely disappointed .
 I did not receive shipping confirmation until a day after the package arrived at my doorstep . I checked the status of my order which said `` shipping soon , '' so I did not expect it to be sitting at my door . It was left in the hot sun for an entire day . I just found the package today and when i tried on the product , the fragrance was very weak compared to a sample I have . I believe the extreme temperature changes caused damage to the perfume . Either that , or the product was old and lost its potency . The estimated delivery was Aug. 23-27 , but it was delivered on the 18th . Had I received a ship confirmation , I would have known to check for the package right away . Now I have a bottle of lightly scented water that I can not return .
 I was hoping that since I was actually buying from Amazon and not a secondary seller that my bottle of Bright Crystal would not be a knock off . I was wrong ! I have my one bottle of bright crystal purchased at a cosmetic store to compare directly with my amazon version that I received today . The amazon bottle is overpowering with the smell of alcohol . NOT at all like the true fragrance . What a disappoinment Amazon - you should stand by the integrity of your products !
 Always on the search for the next fragrance in my collection , I purchased Bright Crystal at the Duty Free shop in the Lima airport . I liked the sensuous , soft scent and the magnificent packaging . To my surprise , it wears off so fast ! after a couple of hours you can hardly tell I applied this fragrance to my skin or my clothes . . nothing like the Versense by Versace of the delicious and classis J'adore by Dior ... even after laundering my clothes , the scent is still there ... so I 'm utterly disappointed and genuinely regret having spent the money on this lovely looking but inffectual fragrance . WILL NOT RECOMMEND , WILL NOT PURCHASE AGAIN , WILL TRY TO RETURN to vendor!Stick to the delicious Versense by Versace , J'adore by Dior , Romance by Ralph Lauren and the classic yet still wonderful First by Van Cleef & Arpels ... New scents I 'd recommend are the new Bulgari blue and the surprinsingly soft `` New Tressor '' by Lancome .
 BUMMED.I rarely buy perfume , it 's a treat . i tried to save money , and I suffered for it . you can not return perfume to Amazon . I am so pissed off . it smells like alcohol and lasts about 3 minutes ... NOT VERSACE , RIP OFF .
 I ca n't believe this ... The letters on the bottle fall off , it looks like a fake product . I contacted Amazon and the only think they would offer is a $ 8 rebate ... now I am stucked with a fake parfume . . NOT GOOD
 I bought this perform from macys before and it smells very nice , but this one is like i put my money through away it does not smell AT ALL . Do not waste your money with this Fake perform . pay a little bit more and buy it from stores , because this is not an original Versace Bright Crystal .
 Why are there so many great reviews for this product ? Just by looking at the picture I can tell its fake . Save your money and buy the real thing from Sephora or any department store . Its cheaper here because 1 . Its been tampered with & 2 . Old stock or 3 . Fake made elsewhere . . FYI I heard some fakes have urine in it . Unfortunately in this world there are too many fakes . be safe buy at the store .
 I 'm not a person who can tolerate the smell of most perfumes . The scent of this Versace Bright Crystal is actually very pleasant and acceptable . It is one of the very few I can use . However , the scent tends to disappear even before I leave my house . I usually do n't questioned the authenticity of things I purchase on amazon . But I since still ca n't tell if it 's the real thing , I 'll probably buy it from sephora next time .
 I bought this product in hopes of a better price , but what I got was a waste of money . I got something different than I ordered plus what they are showing as the product picture is not what they are selling or sending . It smells like a knock off that you would buy at a swap meet/flea market and does n't last long like the real thing . Please do not waste your time or your money . You are better spending a little more to get a quality long lasting product .
 The Bright Crystal I received was not made by Versace . I am surprised Amazon sold an imitation to me.As soon as I smelled it , I knew this was not an authentic Bright Crystal - it had more of alcohol base note that was repulsive for me.I went to a couple of stores to confirm my suspicion.Compared to the original product , the one I received from Amazon had : Smaller and more spaced-out FONTS ; `` 90ml e '' on the bottom left of the package instead of `` e 90 ml '' ; Smaller BARCODE ; faulty and loosely made VERSACE LOGO -LRB- clearly a copyright violation -RRB- ; etc. I will upload comparison pictures once I figure out how to do that.I tried to initiate a return process , but it was not possible because perfumes are flammable liquid.So I contacted Amazon and was promised a full refund.I love Amazon 's excellent customer service , but this incident makes me wonder - Are the other products I ordered from Amazon , from diaper and teething toy to guitar accessories , really made by the companies they were supposed to be from?As far as perfumes go , I would rather pay $ 78 to buy authentic one from malls .
 This fragrance was not pleasant to me at all . At a first sniff , it seems ok but once on , it is overwhelming and has no appeal to it . I hear this is the most popular out of the Versace line but I strongly disagree . I rarely give negative reviews on perfumes cause I am a fragranceaholic but this one , I left in the store .
 Unlike the other reviewers , I found it to be very drying after using 2 large bars . My lips became chapped and dry . My whole family had been using it for 4 weeks when even my preschooler and husband started to complain how itchy they were . My skin is oily and it did remove all of the oil and then some ! When I stopped using the bar , my lips went back to normal and we all stopped itching . We 're not particularly sensitive or allergic to anything . I really wanted to like this soap , especially since it received great ratings on the cosmetic database for purity . Initially , we loved everything about it . Over time , dryness became a huge issue . I did give it 2 stars anyway because it does last a long time , the ingredients are pure , and the smell is pleasant .
 I was hoping for a mild soap with a faint olive oil scent . Instead , when I lathered it up , it smelled like tar . I kid you not , it stinks . I do n't know if it was rancid olive oil or what , but after trying it a couple times -LRB- the soap 's not cheap , and I was hoping to be able to tolerate the smell -RRB- I had to give up and throw the bar away , it smelled too bad for me .
 I had hoped this product would improve or eliminate some of my spider veins . . it did not .
 I can see how this product would be great if it was n't so expensive and the stickiness did n't rub off within the first week . I was extremely careful to put the pad on a clean , dry area as recommended . Not all of the stickiness rubbed off but the top half was useless after the first week .
 The pads did n't stick at all , even after following the manufacturer 's instructions to a T. Consistently using a scrub and good moisturizer will be much more effective ...
 This is thick and uncomfortable and just promotes folds amount itself . So I have not found this to be very helpful .
 I had high hopes for this product - perhaps that 's why I 'm disappointed . I 'm a side sleeper and despite trying to train myself to sleep on my back , I inevitably would turn in the night . My chest wrinkles started becoming apparent last year when I was 37 . The product does seem high quality and as described . You apply the product at night , making sure your chest is clean , dry , and lotion free . The adhesive seems strong . But when I wore it in the night , I found it was itchy - not a reaction to the adhesive but because it was slightly tugging on my skin when I was on my side . I just ca n't see wearing it every night in that condition . I feel like if it were thinner , perhaps it would n't be as uncomfortable . I also delayed buying this because I thought the price was a little high - if you used this regularly , you 'd end up buying 10-12 per year , which would be upwards of $ 300/year . Right now , I 've resorted to wearing a sports bra with socks in a bunched ball in the middle to keep the girls separated at a night . Works okay . I might have to resign myself to chest wrinkles -LRB- which is particularly frustrating because my non-augmented chest is small -RRB- .
 AFTER 2 WEEKS USING IT , DOES NOT WANT TO STICKY ANYMORE . I KEPT SKIN CLEAN AS PER INSTRUCTIONS AND ALSO WASHED PAD AS INSTRUCTIONS .
 The pad works , but it loses adhesiveness really fast . My first one lasted about 2 weeks , second - a week and the third one just few days . I 'm looking for alternatives
 I was so excited to receive this product . I followed all of the instructions about cleaning the skin of all moisturizers . It stayed on about an hour , and then started to peal off . Several times in the night it came off completely . Do n't waste your money .
 Great concept for preventing chest wrinkles . The adhesive made my skin break out and itch . I would not recommend it to anyone with sensitive skin
 This product has great potential , but falls short . After using it less than a week I found that as I would lay on my side one side would come off and peel down . My hair would get caught in it and it was a big mess . I followed all of the care instructions because I really wanted it to work , but it never fully stuck for me . Not worth the price ! Hopefully one day they can develop one that actually sticks , maybe disposable ones .
 My sister and I used to wear this perfume when we were teenagers and either both of us have changed or the formulation has changed because it is now unpleasant and gives us each a headache . I remembered an earthy flowery fragrance and now it smells like musky perfumy leather to me .
 I purchased this to my wife as a gift . I have bought Anais-Anais so many times over the past twenty years . It has , or used to have , a soft Jasmin-like smell . What I received was a 3.4 oz bottle of Alcohol . Yes , nothing but ugly-smelling alcohol -LRB- like in a Hospital room -RRB- . The box did not even look like the luxury-looking box I am used to . Instead , it looked as if was printed on very cheap recycled paper . Not what you expect when you buy an expensive perfume . I could live with the ugly box , but not the ugly smell.I immediately called Amazon , and here is where they deserve 5 stars . The customer service representative immediately apologized for my dissatisfaction with the product and processed a full refund . I love Amazon and will continue to buy from them with full confidence thatI , either get a quality product , or pay nothing . Long Live Amazon .
 I received this product in the mail shipping and packaging were just fine , however the product was stale and had to be returned . The seller was agreeable and allowed me to return without having to pay return shipping . The full price was credited back to my card including shipping and restocking fee , with no other issues . Product was stale , however the seller made things right .
 This junk was so nasty in my hair . I have very fine , naturally blonde hair and I am weary of using a lot of product because they generally weigh my hair down , and since my hair is pretty light colored , you can immediately tell when products start making my hair oily . A friend recommended this to me , but she does NOT have fine hair , so I 'm sure it worked ok for her . If I use a very light amount at the roots , it works decent , but not as well as other LESS EXPENSIVE products I have tried . Over all it left my hair sticky , oily , and weighed down . I much prefer Redken body full weightlifter .
 I found this at Marshall 's so I knew it was likely discontinued but the label stated it thickened hair . I have the hair of the average 6 month old child . It 's fine , fly-away , thin . It 's also silver . I live on the prairie where the wind is incessant . I used this product for the first time this morning on clean , freshly styled hair . After a morning spent running errands in the wind my hair had been whipped about my head and no longer had any style . I did n't want to re-style it with hot rollers or curling iron so I pulled it into a pony tail . I just went to brush it out and the hair under the pony tail holder was glued together into a nasty , sticky and hardened mess . I am not happy . I do not recommend this product for hair like mine in a climate like the southwestern US . I 'm going back to Big Sexy Spray and Play . It 's ridiculously expensive but it works very well for me -- as long as I 'm careful not to allow too much build up .
 Purchased because of good reviews , received on time but no smell at all . Maybe the seller send me the oldest from their shelf . Wasted my money
 It was not as uual . Was too thick and not as i usually buy .
 Not good , strong smell!I ordered two kind of beeswax , this one is not good . It smells strange and makes this feel non-natural even it is . So I have to through it away .
 This shampoo smells terrific , it lathers beautifully , however , for me , it stripped the color from my hair and was too oily . This shampoo would be great for someone with dry hair who does n't use color . It is obviously for someone with damaged hair and was not what I needed.It is a reparative shampoo , but I thought it might be the old Halo formula and that 's why I purchased it . For those who remember Halo Shampoo from the past , this is not the same product .
 I was skeptical to buy this machine with the lack of reviews -LRB- the same 15 all over the web vs. the hundreds of reviews on other machines/treatment products -RRB- and I should have listened to myself . I purchased it on Trophy Skin 's website and have used this machine 2-3x a week since mid-December and although you can see the dead skin accumulate in the filter , I have n't noticed the slightest change in my skin 's appearance . I still have large pores and minor acne scars that have n't diminished at all , even after increasing the intensity to the highest setting and going over my face 2x a treatment . Although they offer a 30 day money back guarantee , it 's not enough time to see a difference and you 'll end up losing out . I kept it passed the 30 days in the hopes that I would see results within time , but nope , I 'm out of luck .
 I had absolutely no results with this machine . The `` diamond '' tip has no function . You drag it across your face for a `` manual '' microbermabrasion . This is a total waste of money . Returned .
 It 's too bad that REAL Customers do n't take a before and after shots of their faces to really show off the greatness of this product . I have read the reviews but I 'd like to see some results that were n't photoshopped and all that good stuff like they do on t.v.I am still not convinced for the price of this machine to purchase it . I watched the nubrilliance infomercial and started reading reviews and saw in the reviews this machine being raved about so I thought I would check it out .
 Murad step up your game.it dried out my skin and saw no results at all . i heard Murad was the best , but i have n't yet to see it : -LRB-
 I ca n't believe that this product has gotten such positive reviews . I consider it my worst purchase ever.First , I bought the refillable compact , thinking I could use it for loose powder that I have . Well , given the bizarre way that the compact is made -- with holes in the base -- this is not possible.So , I thought , I 'll keep the compact but order the pressed powder that is made to go with it . So , I did.Well , the pressed powder that is made for the compact does n't fit it -- the sponge is too large for the sponge area , and the pressed powder is ridiculously small -LRB- about a thimblefull -RRB- for the area where it goes , so it rattles around in there and gets damaged . Plus , the powder is flat and dull -- no sparkle or illumination at all.So , I 've wasted almost $ 30 on both the compact and the powder . And , I threw away the packaging for the compact , so Amazon wo n't take it back . The powder came from another company , but I do n't know what their return policy is.Take my advice
 One day I asked a customer at work what cologne he was wearing and he said it was called red -LRB- something -RRB- . So I checked it out on the reviews on youtube and amazon , mostly everyone said it smelt great . I said to myself `` this has got to be it '' This stuff smells horrible . This is not what the guy was wearing . I boxed it up and tossed it under my bathroom sink . I would never be caught wearing this . Good thing I have a little of YSL `` La nuit De L'homme '' left .
 I bought this because it has good reviews and it is relatively inexpensive -LRB- paid less than $ 17 for the bottle -RRB- . The smell is so powerful it made my female worker cough and my male workers cover their noses . I need to donate it charity ASAP . Lesson here ? Buy high quality cologne . They usually have better quality .
 I brought this item some months back but never really used it . Today when i sprayed it on my new White Tee Shirt , it left yellowish stains.I thought it will evaporate in some time but it did n't . This left me very annoyed . Please beware if you are using on light clothes .
 Bought it because of people saying how good it smells . Come on , this thing stinks exactly like `` TROIKA odekalon '' -LRB- whoever from Soviet Union knows what I mean -RRB- , I mean it smell like the cheapest aftershave you can buy ... I do n't recommend this to anybody
 What I like about Terax Latte is it has a nice aroma , however , I 've been using it for a couple of weeks and my scalp does n't get as cleaned as with the other brand I was using before , and my hair gets so dry . So I will go back to Mitchell clarifying shampoo .
 The guarantee of stronger nails in seven days is false . There was no improvement in the hardness of my nails after a week of using this product . I followed the directions that came in the box ... use twice daily for 5-7 days , then twice weekly for maintenance . My nails actually became softer & more pliable after two weeks , at which point I stopped using the product.I am giving this product two-stars instead of one for a couple of reasons.One , because the method of application developed for the product is a great idea . It is very easy and convenient to apply the treatment.Two , because I gave up on the product quickly . The fact is , their 1-week guarantee to stronger nails failed , but I normally like to give the benefit of the doubt with new products . The Liquid Diamond treatment certainly did not have a fighting chance with me , though , after I noticed my nail growth -LRB- which is meager to begin with , thus the reason I purchased this -RRB- peeling away in layers.Every persons experience may be different ... you may have better luck with this treatment than I did ... please share your review if you have ... but for those wanting to try it for the first time , do so with caution.If you have short , hard to grow , hard to keep nails like mine , give it a try . You wo n't be losing much if it weakens your nails as it did mine ... and you 'll only be pleased if it actually does work for you . Those with long natural nails just looking for something to make them a bit stronger ... I 'd find more advice , opinions , and alternate options before trying this product .
 Amazon website stated in stock and Delivery estimate October 19 2007 - October 24 2007 on order , well within our vacation period . Received a mail stating a dely so posted many emails stating our departure date and request that if they were unable to meet this date then to cancel the unfulfilled order . No replies from world wide were ever received and no help received from AMAZON . Worldwide failed to be honest or reply to emails - we lost $ 62.48 ! An internet company that is not contactable - Beware !!
 Product arrived in a timely fashion and is lovely in it 's presentation . The fragrance is OK but not what I would call a favorite . Gave to a friend who likes it a lot more than I do . Boudoir has an old-fashioned , cloying type of scent . This is not a WOW fragrance ! I was looking for a subtle yet elegant fragrance like Allure by Chanel or an even sweeter more heady fragrance like Organza by Givenchy . These I recommend highly . Sorry , Boudoir was just not to MY liking . I would not use even if I received it as a gift .
 Molly , daughter or Richard - I usually write positive reviews on this site but not this time . Why on earth do dermatologists recommend this s *** ? Last year my hormones were all out of wack and I had a period for a whole month . I broke out severely as one would expect . Dermatologists -LRB- including mine -RRB- swear by this aweful chetaphil . I HATE IT ! It wasnt strong enough for my skin . It made my acne even worse if you can imagine ! I 'd been using it for four months when I finally decided enough was enough and I started using Neutrogena Frangrance Free Facial Cleanser . That change made all the difference in the world ! I still do have acne but now it is mild acne instead of severe acne . Now its mostly just old , light scarring and the occasional breakouts around my chin and lips the week before my period . One of my friends is a dietition and she also has used Cetaphil and didnt like it at all . Please do not buy Cetaphil even if your dermatologist recommends it . You will totally regret it !
 i ordered something as a xmas present . they canceled my order a week later and raised the price significally with no reason of why they canceled my order .
 I ordered 2 ENGLISH leather COLOGNES . I received 2 English Leather After Shaves which I did not want . Now I have to pay for the postage to return them . I re-ordered and received the correct product but Iended up paying for postage 2 times to receive one product . I will think a long time before ordering again .
 This is prime example of why you should not buy online . This sewer water does not come close to the original English Leather ! Do n't Buy It !
 I am so disappointed . This is not the English Leather I remember ... bears no resemblance . Fortunately , the soap still smells like the old formula and is still available , but the scent does n't last for more than a minute . That 's why I bought the cologne but had to wash it off because it smells so obnoxious . What a shame . Guess I 'll have to look for old bottles online , if they 're even around . Why did they change a good thing ? Do n't waste your money .
 A sort of meek scent with strong undertones of an a funereal home . Not a great buy especially at the price .
 I used this years ago and thought I 'd go back to it . Whew , it is just very strong . Gives me a headache . I do n't remember it being this powerful .
 I give this cologne two stars only for the simple fact this it IS a fragrance , and that it will last a LONG time . Coincidentally , these two factors are the reasons that I spent the better portion of my day with a headache and minor case of nausea . I purchased this item because I was looking for something more manly than Agua Di Geo and the like ... English Leather has a ton of praise on here so I thought that I would give it a shot . Needless to say , I was not pleased in the least . This substance reminds me of no form of leather I have ever smelled in my life . It is so potent and sickening that I am suprised no one has dropped dead from its stench . I 've noticed here recently that the majority of people who review products on here are fanatics who are hopelessly devoted to them , so I thought that I would give my two cents to bring their heavenly praises back to earth ... there is hardly anything satisfying about this cheap scent . You get what you pay for .
 My sister recently spilled a bottle of this stuff that belonged to my dad . Now our house smells like a cheap hotel room . Wonderful .
 I was disappointed when I opened this cologne . I have used English Leather cologne for many years but found this item to be washed down and diluted . I had some remaining cologne and compared the two . The new item did NOT smell the same nor did it have the same reults when applying to my face . The older English Leather smelled a lot stronger and had a slight burn when applying ; however , the new English Leather did NOT have the same smell and it did not have the same sensation on my face . I think the company is now diluting their product or not making it the same as they once did . Poor diluted product and I will not purchase this anymore .
 English Leather By Dana For Men . Cologne 8 OuncesIF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR ENGLISH LEATHER SCENT OF OLD THIS AI N'T IT . IT IS SAD TO USE THE ENGLISH LEATHER NAME ON THIS PRODUCT . BUY SOMETHING , ANYTHING , AS CHEAP AS POSSIBLE RATHER THAN THIS .
 The product arrived early and looked ok , but when I looked at it closely , I saw it was a cologne Splash . If it contains cologne at all , it is very thin . The English leather after shave I purchased prior to this is much stronger . I will keep this product , but I would not purchase it again
 SAVE YOUR MONEY ... . I read the bad reviews with people saying that it is not the same as The Original and also read the reviews that said that it is the same . I decided to follow the reviews that said it was the same because there were more of them and wasted $ 16.00 . . MISTAKE !!!!! I do n't know which English Leather these 5 star raters used before , but it was not the real stuff . This stuff is terrible . It does n't even come close to the English Leather that I still have left -LRB- an Old bottle Dana has some nerve to continue to use the name English Leather on this watered down junk . The only good thing I can say for this is that after about 5 minutes the odor goes away.If you are looking for the English Leather from the 60 's find another product ... It does n't exist anymore .
 The shampoo was very watery , i do not know if received a ` bad ' bottle . I threw the product away .
 This product is too watery . What a mess it was . I ended up throwing it out .
 I bought this product hoping it would slick and hold down my natural african-american -LRB- 4ab -RRB- hair edges . It required alot and it did n't work . Seems like there is too much oil in the product . I was expecting a very hard wax substance . Also the smell is very overwhelming . If you have allergies or if you are sensitive to odors , do n't buy it .
 SO i bought this stuff cause it smelt good , , , , and i use it often ... but if you have real dark hair , , , i dont suggest it cause your hair looks dusty like or like white residues . Stuff has a good hold , , but i dont suggest it cause it makes your hair looks pretty goofy ... i have to go buy more hair product today actually because this one is not adequate , , , , go with something that has a more natural hold and glistening appearance , , not old man gray/dust .
 Never quite figured out how to use this product . Leaves clumps in my medium length hair . Would not purchase again .
 It almost seems like this product is watered down . The original product my husband used was very strong . This was new , in a closed box and very light on the scent .
 This is obviously not my cutest perfume . Will not use again . Smell is not so impressive . I 'm disappointed against all comments I read prior to buying !!!
 This is not the real deal ! I have been using this cologne , Gentlemen by Givenchy , since 1980 . It is the only cologne I use and I know exactly what it smells like . In fact , I still have a bottle of the original cologne that I refuse to use and the product that you are selling is not the real deal . It is extremely disappointing to spend so much money to find out that I have purchased a counterfeit or knock-off product . Check the legitimacy of your distributors to ensure it does n't tarnish your reputation .
 It was not real ! It smelled like it , but only stayed on for a couple of minutes ! Dont buy this product from this vendor !
 The picture shows a cube with a mirror . That is the same as the one I have and naturally , that is what I expected to receive.Well , it was not.I received a tiny sample cube . I can not even read the weight because the print is so small . It must be about 1/4 of the size of the one in the picture and there is no lip brush either.Under these circumstances , I feel the lip gloss was very over priced . It does say `` travel size , '' but what the heck does that mean ??? Do ordinary lipsticks require luggage or special carrying cases ?? Are n't they all `` travel size '' `` fit in my purse size '' ?? That was very misleading.Bottom line ... do n't buy it if you think it looks like the picture !!! It is much , much smaller !! Shame on you ! You could have snapped a pic of the actual product .
 This edu spray was very disappointing . The initial fragrance was nice and light but it faded away very quickly . I think it lasted about 2 hours , which tells me that it is watered down.The shipment was very quick though . This was the first time I have ordered perfume on line and I will not do it again . I believe it 's better to buy fragrances at a store .
 It takes a little while to heat up . It should n't be used on dry or damaged hair . I bought this so that I could get the shorter pieces in the back of my hair straight that my larger straightner would n't do . With this one , it takes a lot longer and leaves some obvious straihtner marks on my do ... thinking back I should have spent a little more on a higher quality item .
 I have a wigo that I was using before I bought this product and it worked great . However THIS product damages the hair . It does not go over the hair smoothly and in just a few uses it has cause major damage to my hair . Save yourself and get a CHI
 The perfume I purchased on Amazon does not smell like the original one I have had in the past -LRB- that I bought in a department store . The bottle and color are the same , but the scent is not . I will not purchase this perfume again , unless I can smell it first .
 I ca n't believe that this product has gotten such positive reviews . I consider it my worst purchase ever.First , I bought the refillable compact , thinking I could use it for loose powder that I have . Well , given the bizarre way that the compact is made -- with holes in the base -- this is not possible.So , I thought , I 'll keep the compact but order the pressed powder that is made to go with it . So , I did.Well , the pressed powder that is made for the compact does n't fit it -- the sponge is too large for the sponge area , and the pressed powder is ridiculously small -LRB- about a thimblefull -RRB- for the area where it goes , so it rattles around in there and gets damaged . Plus , the powder is flat and dull -- no sparkle or illumination at all.So , I 've wasted almost $ 30 on both the compact and the powder . And , I threw away the packaging for the compact , so Amazon wo n't take it back . The powder came from another company , but I do n't know what their return policy is.Take my advice
 I ordered this Happy to be perfume through laptop services and am not please whatsoever !!!!! The small tester bottle that ran me almost $ 10.00 which included the shipping charge ... SMELLED LIKE PURE ALCHOHOL !!!!! i was sick the minute i put it on to smell it ... I will say that laptop services after i expressed my disappointment gave me no problems at all in refunding my money ... Thank you
 dont buy this s *** ... it smell like grass with onion ... this is not happy clinique to be . . ! i really used to have the real one ... . and i tried to buy it with this people ... noooooo ... so bad ... !!!
 FYI , I just received this in the mail and it is one bottle not two like in the image . I like this product but am disappointed that the image does not represent what I actually received .
 My 6 year old daughter LOVES this product , however I have been searching the house high and low for a `` hot '' smell , plastic burning , electrical fire related and found that it was the stickers !! Has anyone else had this issue ? It says `` Made in China '' but I ca n't find any recalls on the product .
 This product is long wearing and feels good on my lips . HOWEVER the picture I used as a guide to choose the color is FAR FAR FROM ACCURATE . I do n't believe that I will purchase another cosmetic product from amazon without first confirming the color elsewhere . I really like Nars products and there is nowhere near me to purchase them in person in my area so I tried them through amazon . This is the second time I have been disappointed in the color I received . The first color Chelsea Girls was one that a magazine recommended for fair skinned women . It looked like I used concealer on my mouth . BLECH ! But I liked the formula . So I tried again and went with Baby Doll which the image depicts as a bright clear red . I got a pale pink so close to my lipcolor that it is a total waste of the time I spend putting it on . Any generic clear gloss would offer more payoff because it would at least have shine going for it , instead of the subtle dewy finish the lacquer offers . In red it would have been a neat effect , in baby doll it is a $ 24 source of considerable annoyance . It is made worse by the fact that it took nearly a week to get here despite being prime eligible . I also attempted to cancel this product 3 days before it arrived -LRB- I recieved several glosses as a gift in the interim -RRB- and was told it could not be canceled . WHY NOT ? It clearly was n't already in transit if I did n't get it til 3 days later . I would strongly recommend using any other supplier for this product . I generally adore amazon but they seriously dropped the ball here .
 This IS NOT the original `` Lifebuoy '' soap as sold by `` the Old Vermont Country Store '' . I 'll know better the next time .
 I buy Lifebouy soap as a preference , this is not the original soap as I feel I was lead to believe . . the original soap is still made in England . . this is made in India ... nothing like the original ... and i wo n't use it as who knows what it is made of ...
 This product arrived on time , but I was so disappointed to see that the color was not that of my `` Candy '' shade of Estee Lauder lipstick that I was replacing . Neither the color or the texture were the same . Also , a clumsy label had been typed and cut out and pasted to the base of the lipstick . Guess I learned my lesson - I 'll have to get the product from the Real source in order to get the Real thing .
 The first time put the product on I had to almost immediately remove it because of the smell . I have never used a lipstick that smelled this bad . I think the product is old .
 i am sorry maybe it is very nice but i didnot get it so i do not know when i get it i will write a nice letterthank you ruthi
 As a Clinique devotee , I really wanted to like this product , but it just is n't a good one for me . Although the sheen is pretty , it does n't apply very smoothly on my lids and dries out really quickly . -LRB- Incidentally , in the few months since I got it , it also appears to have dried out in its own case ; there are two big circular cracks in it where it seems to have shrunk into itself . -RRB- I get more creasing when I wear this -LRB- alone or under other shadow -RRB- than when I wear just other shadow . I have tried using this base in varying amounts , as in applying very lightly to fairly heavily , and have n't gotten a good result in any amount .
 When I received my eyeshadow , it was dried up and unable to be used . I was unaware at the time that it should have a seal over it , which it did not . I will not purchase from this seller ever again .
 If you want a product that keeps your eyeshadow from collecting in the crease of your eyelid , this is totally useless . It 's a nice eyeshadow , but it does n't work at all as a `` base '' or `` primer . '' Honestly , I get worse crease lines with it than without it and will be returning it to the Clinique counter post-haste . If your problem is smudging your eyemakeup , maybe it helps . Could n't tell you . But for me , it did n't do remotely what it was supposed to do and looked terrible within an hour .
 I ordered this product , the gloLoose powder and instead received the gloPressed powder with a gloLoose scanner sticker on it . I contacted the company through Amazon three days ago and still have not had any response ! I am very disapointed in the lack of response . Since I am a prime member and pay to be , I am also disappointed in Amazon as well for not putting a packing slip in the box as well . When I called customer service the representative told me that this really never happens . Guess I got bad luck , wrong product and no packing slip ... think twice if you want to order from them , now I will have to wait even longer for makeup that I ran out of and needed by this holiday weekend .
 This used to be my number one beauty secret -LRB- the one in the gold can . -RRB- Now it is as hard and sticky as my great grandmother 's setting spray -- designed to last a week without moving . If you get stuck in the rain , Lord help you . You have a 1980 's hair gel mess.I suppose I could use a smaller amount as a simple shiny hair spray , after all the nice shine is still there . But that is not what my hair needs . The old spray was excellent as a dry curl enhancer/refresher . It worked well as a shine mist , and as a hair spray . It was great on second-day hair too . After my hair was dry I would turn it upside down , spray , scrunch , and bam ! Ready for Saturday night in 2 minutes flat . I never needed another styling product . Now I need 3 or 4 . FYI
 I 've used this product for years , but recently not able to find in stores . The name and all info on the container are same as what I had been using , but the coloring of the container is different . The product I normally use IS SHEER , as advertised . This spray is sticky and makes my hair stiff ... NOT what I wanted .
 Crazy Dog CD523 Professional 16 Piece Clipper SetIt figures you would no longer have this ; IT WORKS!The Andis clippers take so long , -LRB- If they work at all -RRB- I would never get done with my two dogs .
 I tried to stick with this stuff . I really did . The problem is , it did nothing for me.I have extremely dry skin combined with excema during the summer months due to my grass allergy and the fact that I like to golf . After applying a very small amount of Nouriva Repair , my hands became extremely greasy . This stuff would not evaporate , nor would my skin absorb it . I found that the only practical ways to use it were to either wear cotton gloves to bed , which is something I do occasionally anyway , or to not touch anything at all for eight hours after applying it . However , due to the fact that my skin remained dry and my excema remained flaired up , I 've come to the conclusion that I wasted $ 18 on a tube of this stuff .
 I used these and it is cumbersome and time consuming . Plus the curl is awful . I kept it because I had used it and threw away the box . It is just sitting in my closet . Do n't get them
 These are easy to work with and curl very well but most certainly not for short to medium length hair . Ordering this from Amazon it would have been nice to get a receipt as these did not work out like I had thought they would and it would have been nice to have the option of returning them .
 I did not expect the product to be shipped in a ziploc bag ! I expected to receive NEW in it 's own box . While they appeared to be `` New '' , I believe they were part of an entire set -LRB- steamer and all -RRB- and taken out of the box and sold . One roller was ripped at the top.I love Caruso rollers , but will not purchase them from this company again .
 The small and petite Caruso rollers do not come with the necessary hair combs/clips to help curl on the difficult to use sponge curler . The instructions even advise the use of the hair comb/clips to be able to curl short hair more easily , but the company does not provide them . Definitely not a good product for short hair . And the company does not sell the hair combs/clips separately to be able to obtain them in any other way .
 I am pleased with the product . It was sent quickly . I recommend this seller .
 I like the ionic mist curlers , but why ca n't we buy just the foam part of the curler ? The foam wears out quickly and I am left with a perfectly good roller ... I think it would be much more practical and less expensive . Guess they have got to squeeze our pocket just a little more .
 This product did n't work the way I expected . I use to have one years ago that required salt and it worked great . I also did n't like the rollers , they did n't stay in my hair , every few seconds one was falling out . In general I liked the curl , but it was too much trouble dealing with the modelcular steam unit .
 I was dissappointed that I received 2 different types of foam on the rollers -- 6 were soft foam and 12 were rough foam . I would think the entire order would be of the same consistency .
 The small and petite Caruso rollers do not come with the necessary hair combs/clips to help curl on the difficult to use sponge curler . The instructions even advise the use of the hair comb/clips to be able to curl short hair more easily , but the company does not provide them . Definitely not a good product for short hair . And the company does not sell the hair combs/clips separately to be able to obtain them in any other way .
 I 'm form Brazil . I purchase a DKNY perfum , 04/18/2008 and today is 06/01/2008 and still do n't arrive .
 Contradictory to it 's name , my friend who I purchased it for complained it did not give her hair any volume . She did say it made her hair very silky .
 Even though the brush does not work as well as I had hoped , the customer service from the sender 360Living , was outstanding !!
 First , this shampoo smells really , really good . Both my daughter and I really liked the smell right away . Second , the shampoo seemed to clean really well and left our hair shiny.BUT , both my daughter and I got a horrible rash on our scalps as a result of using this . And , saying it was a rash is putting it mildly . We both ended up with scabs -LRB- ! -RRB- on our scalps because of the shampoo.By the time we figured out that our problem was the shampoo , we had gone through what I purchased here on Amazon and I had purchased more of this elsewhere . To say the least , I quickly returned the bottles I purchased elsewhere and I have no plans of ever purchasing this again .
 This shampoo stripped my hair so bad . It felt like straw and I had to pile on conditioner and use another shampoo . It did n't get back to normal for 2 whole weeks !
 This product is long wearing and feels good on my lips . HOWEVER the picture I used as a guide to choose the color is FAR FAR FROM ACCURATE . I do n't believe that I will purchase another cosmetic product from amazon without first confirming the color elsewhere . I really like Nars products and there is nowhere near me to purchase them in person in my area so I tried them through amazon . This is the second time I have been disappointed in the color I received . The first color Chelsea Girls was one that a magazine recommended for fair skinned women . It looked like I used concealer on my mouth . BLECH ! But I liked the formula . So I tried again and went with Baby Doll which the image depicts as a bright clear red . I got a pale pink so close to my lipcolor that it is a total waste of the time I spend putting it on . Any generic clear gloss would offer more payoff because it would at least have shine going for it , instead of the subtle dewy finish the lacquer offers . In red it would have been a neat effect , in baby doll it is a $ 24 source of considerable annoyance . It is made worse by the fact that it took nearly a week to get here despite being prime eligible . I also attempted to cancel this product 3 days before it arrived -LRB- I recieved several glosses as a gift in the interim -RRB- and was told it could not be canceled . WHY NOT ? It clearly was n't already in transit if I did n't get it til 3 days later . I would strongly recommend using any other supplier for this product . I generally adore amazon but they seriously dropped the ball here .
 I purchased Beautiful perfume and I was sent Beautiful Sheer . Nowhere in the description did it emphasis this was for Beautiful `` SHEER '' I was n't able to return it to Amazon so I returned it to Macy 's and took a $ 17 hit . DO N'T buy perfume form this site unless totally sure .
 This product is long wearing and feels good on my lips . HOWEVER the picture I used as a guide to choose the color is FAR FAR FROM ACCURATE . I do n't believe that I will purchase another cosmetic product from amazon without first confirming the color elsewhere . I really like Nars products and there is nowhere near me to purchase them in person in my area so I tried them through amazon . This is the second time I have been disappointed in the color I received . The first color Chelsea Girls was one that a magazine recommended for fair skinned women . It looked like I used concealer on my mouth . BLECH ! But I liked the formula . So I tried again and went with Baby Doll which the image depicts as a bright clear red . I got a pale pink so close to my lipcolor that it is a total waste of the time I spend putting it on . Any generic clear gloss would offer more payoff because it would at least have shine going for it , instead of the subtle dewy finish the lacquer offers . In red it would have been a neat effect , in baby doll it is a $ 24 source of considerable annoyance . It is made worse by the fact that it took nearly a week to get here despite being prime eligible . I also attempted to cancel this product 3 days before it arrived -LRB- I recieved several glosses as a gift in the interim -RRB- and was told it could not be canceled . WHY NOT ? It clearly was n't already in transit if I did n't get it til 3 days later . I would strongly recommend using any other supplier for this product . I generally adore amazon but they seriously dropped the ball here .
 Even though the brush does not work as well as I had hoped , the customer service from the sender 360Living , was outstanding !!
 Even though the brush does not work as well as I had hoped , the customer service from the sender 360Living , was outstanding !!
 Not like the original Lalique perfume , it seems like an Old smell . . Did not like it at all
 I bought this based on the great reviews , but , at least for me , I did n't like the scent . Not soft or pleasant , but a bit too harsh ... too `` cliche perfume-ish ''
 I ordered the dermablend and never recieved my package . I emailed the skin store and no one replied back so i tried to calll the customer service number to see if they could trace my package and no one answered the line . I had to make a complaint with Amazon and finallly recieved a refund . Bad Business
 I have used this product for more than a month now . No improvement on my fleckles , age spots , or complexion . I 've used it twice a day , every day , as instructed . I am very disappointed . The one I received is kind of watery , with light liquid -LRB- seaping out and ? -RRB- on top of the cream in the bottle . I wonder if it is the way this cream is supposed to be or I received some kind of a faulty product .
 Why in the name of good common sense anyone will pay more than $ 5.00 to $ 10.00 dollars for a bleaching cream ?? WHY ? WHY ? WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ??? ARE YOU NUTS ?? This like many other bleaching creams use the same ingredients . Actually , these pricey ones is to give you the impression that if they cost more they should be better ... WRONG !!! price is use many times to deceive you ! As a person with sensitive problem I get bitten and spotty during the summer due to sun or mosquitoes bites . I have use prescription creams as well as over the counter and for me the best is Nadinola . This cream has the highest concentration of Hydrocodone -LRB- 3 % Hydrocodone -RRB- , for an over the counter bleaching cream and is one of the most effective ingredients which is prescribe by dermatologist to eliminate dark spots.Others like Porcelana , Ambi , Esoterica and others only have 2 % , but almost as effective as Nadinola for a lesser price than this pricey cream which will most likely wo n't work or wo n't be as effective as a cheap solution for those that ca n't afford laser treatment . For the price of this excessively priced cream you can get almost 14 Nadinolas or other.Don ' t be deceived . But if you still want to give it a try , try both creams , one in one spot and the other one in another spot . In three months you will see which is working and you will thank me for not spending almost $ 70.00 in one when you can spend that much in 14 if they give you the same results.Your welcome !!!
 I have hyperpigmentation -LRB- dark spots -RRB- on my face and was excited to try this product . I used this product EVERY day - Morning and Night for 30 days -LRB- the jar is empty -RRB- . Absolutely no results !!!!
 this product is advertised as `` natural '' but is far from it.you can not that from the website , but once you order the product and see the ingredients label , you find out that it has methyl and propyl parabens just like most other regular shower gel products .
 This review is from my sister . I gifted it to her but came to know this as a imitation . It is not even lasting for more than 1 hour . Do not waste money on this item .
 I 've been wearing glow for many years . I know the scent and the staying power that it has . I revieved my item very fast and was excited to open it . I sprayed it on my skin and within thirty minutes the smell was gone . It seems to be watered down because it is n't the normal rosey color that glow is .
 When I bought these two bottles of J Lo Glow I believe they were about $ 15 less -LRB- each -RRB- than what I pay in stores , which is GREAT ! Almost like 2 for 1 . The perfume smelled like Glow but for some reason the scent was n't as strong , & did not last all day like Glow normally does for me . In addition , the whole time I used these bottles I did n't get the usual compliments to my scent that I always get from everyone -LRB- male & female - they like the Glow plus the hair stuff I use -RRB- . Once I went back to store-bought J Lo Glow , the compliments returned . All is normal again . : -RRB-
 Grapefruit , orange flower , neroli , rose , amber , sandalwood , jasmine , vanilla , orris & a base of musk come together in a curvy bottle to form a soft , feminine & sensual scent which deserves 5 stars.However , half an hour after application my skin flared red , blotchy & very itchy . A real shame as the fragrance is brilliant , so good that I kept on using my 100ml bottle despite the irritation.Try before you buy !! * ` Live ' , her third fragrance is fabulous - I suggest those with sensitive skin like myself to try it !!!
 It did n't smell pretty on me . I tried to give the bottle away . No one liked it .
 The product arrival was indeed on time but the item was an imitation . The scent would be lost after half an hour of spraying onto the skin .
 The product is not the original Glow by JLo . The scent is just nothing like it . I have been using this for a long time now and I am very familiar with the smell.It is just not the same .
 Do n't get me wrong ... i LOVE JLO 's perfumes but this one is a miss ! It smells like a cheap hotel soap and is overpowering . If you are looking for a great scent try her `` Live '' perfume which smells amazing . I wear it daily and gets compliments all the time.Stay away from Glow ... unless you were an exclamation fan back in the 80s .
 I thought I would try it because I herd it smelled fresh . It smells cheap like body lotion from The dollar store . I am not happy .
 I was fairly certain that my wife had accidentally doused herself with room deodorizer , but no , it was Glow by JLo . We had to wash everything the perfume had come in contact with as it reeked of Oust or Lysol .
 I meant to order Miami Glo instead of this one . I love !!! the scent of Miami Glo . Regular Glo gets just two stars from me . Too Flowerey for my taste !
 I bought this without smelling it first . What a mistake this stuff smells just plain awful .
 IT SMELLS LIKE DEAD ROSES . TO ME ITS A PERFUME FOR OLDER PEOPLE . IN THERE LATE 50S MABEY . I RECOMMEND yU NOT TO BUY THIS PERFUME .
 This perfume is gross . A word of warning . It may smell good in the beginning - but after only a little bit it smells like very old and pungent - and you think hey - this is J.Lo , it 's supposed to smell alive and fresh ! If you want to buy one of her perfumes from her line try anything other than Glow .
 I have worn this scent since it first came out and have always loved it . When it was on a terrific sale at Amazon , I immediately order two . I had just run out and open the perfume immediately sprayed it on and was very disappointed . I do n't know if it was stored improperly or is a fake , but it not Glow . There is a possibility that they have changed the scent at the manufactures for some reason . I am now on the hunt for a new fragrance . I called to return it and was given an immediate refund -LRB- Thanks Amazon -RRB- .
 I saw no change in my hair after buying this product . For something that 's so expensive , it should have me notice some change at least .
 I have slightly oily skin and sometimes it peels during the winter . So I figured I would give this `` gentle '' exfoliant a chance . Well let me tell you , it definitely did exfoliate but it made my skin SO DRY that within 2 weeks of using it , I started to realize I began having very light minor WRINKLES . WRINKLES !!!!!!!! I 'm 20 years old !!! I was horrified when I noticed 2 weeks later and stopped using this immediately!So if you have dry , peeling skin , do not use this product . It 'll only take away all those essential oils that keep your skin looking young and fresh .
 I do n't know why I give this product two stars . Perhaps out of some brand loyalty - I used it for so long before I knew I could do better and I love most Neutrogena products . Perhaps because I still think that using this sunless tanner is better than baking cancer onto your skin.Anyway , as an instant bronzer , it gives a nice color and is easy to apply . It drys quickly on your skin so you can dress quickly , It also washes out of clothes w/o staining . The trouble is that if you are not careful around areas with tough skin -LRB- elbows , ankles ... -RRB- it appears much darker and unnatural looking . I have also noticed that , after a day or two , it tends to fade elsewhere and stay behind in my pores/hair folicles -LRB- especially on arms and legs -RRB- leaving a dotted effect that is just plain weird . I have to really scrub in the shower to get rid of it . The biggest problem is that it does n't stay on . It washes off as soon as you shower -LRB- or worse , jump in the pool ! -RRB- - so do n't use a light colored towel . Umm , just do n't swim at all !! I have also noticed lovely dark brown sweat in the creases of my elbows when I work out . This loss of color is even after waiting the recommended hour -LRB- infact , even after waiting several hours -RRB- . As a sunles tanner it just does n't work . I have never noticed a tan develop , even after days of repeated application . It is a bargain tanner - so try it if you must - maybe it works differently on different types of skin . But IMO Loreal has some better products at about the same price .
 If I could have given it a `` 0 '' star I would have . It streaks when you sweat , and who does n't in the summer , plus it washed off in the shower after applying it about 8 hours before . Glad I tried it when I knew I was n't going anywhere . What an embarrasment that would have been .
 After reading the other reviews for this product I thought I would probably be very happy with this product . After using it on my hands for about two weeks it seemed as if the skin on my hands looked older . The brown spots were much more pronounced and the skin looked much drier and more wrinkled . I was very surprised given the other reviews but maybe I just got a bad batch . At the price of $ 16 I do n't think I will be giving this another try . I have started using Jergens Ultra Healing lotion which is working quite well in making my hands look younger .
 I used this product on my body only ONCE and it totally ruined my skin !!! Neutrogena doesnt tell you that copper peptides activate enzymes called MMPs - these are the SAME enzymes that break down collagen and elastin -LRB- like when you 're out in the sun - they cause photodamage and elastosis -RRB- ! I used this product only ONE TIME and it caused my skin to atrophy , dry and wrinkle ; and it caused terrible red / yellow brown discoloration . It has been months since I stopped using it and there has been little improvement . I look like I 've aged 10 years ! MMP-2 and MMP-9 are upregulated by copper peptides - they degrade elastin , collagen , and cause angiogenesis -LRB- growth of new blood vessels -RRB- - look it up yourself on the internet ! Unless you want to ruin your skin , go with a retinol or vitamin c product instead !
 This cologne is for SENIOR Citizen dudes.It smelled old , like a pomade , nothing special except its a good cologne for the OLDIES.that 's all.So NO i dont recommend this to younger generations unless you wan na smell like your pops and would wan na attract senior ladies as well . .
 Thought this cologne was gon na be better , not worth the price for a small bottle , smells very cheap , like something you would pick up at Rite Aid or Cvs , for 10 dollars more I got a small bottle of Dolce & Gabbana which smells amazing , I 'd recommend about 20 different scents before Realm . .
 As the heading said , I bought this cologne bcuz of the great reviews it got from so many different ppl . I dont like it ! And i dont get any response frm women . The sent is weak and waaaay to musky . All these good comments is a gimmick to sell ppl this crap cologne . I doh use it anymore . I now use I am King from Diddy , its great !
 First of all , I received an open Item , it looked like used . It smells like a very old perfume , I assume I received an old and expired perfume -LRB- I hope I am wrong , but I do n't think so -RRB- . Very disappointed ... . The worst purchase I 've ever made !
 It did n't smell the same as it should have . . it smelled old . My friend has the same perfume and it smell 's sweet , mine smell 's like old lady perfume . I really regret this purchase : -LRB-
 The fragrance is warm and pleasant , however the fragrance fades quickly , as if it were a knock-off and not a genuine brand product .
 Totally upset about the product ... here the website says that its `` COLOGNE SPRAY '' but they have shipped me `` AFTER SHAVE '' and in return policy says its in hazardous category and so I even ca n't return it .
 got this the other day this is the worst smelling stuffsmells like wood with a hint of something else that stinksI dont see how anybody could wear thisIm really disappointed thought it would be betterIm searching for a cologne that was in a brown bottlethat a friend used to wear i think his girlfriendgot it at macy 's that stuff had a awesome smellthis is NOT it ...
 This stuff smells like musty plywood sawdust mixed with black pepper . Absolutely disgusting , cheap scent . Bottle is made of poor quality glass with lots of bubbles in it.Repulsive , repugnant , vile fluid that follows you everywhere and sticks in your nostrils , causing headaches and closing up your throat . People who enjoy this are surely masochists.Thankfully it 's a light scent that stays close to the skin so others wo n't be disgusted by your odor . It lingers even after scrubbing the areas to which it was applied with rubbing alcohol , laundry detergent and baby wipes . YUCK !
 The product arrived empty . When i opened the box , the perfume had been watered on the box . So i paid for nothing .
 I got them , tried them , hard to sleep on as the foam is a very stiff foad and does not give . Hair came out horrible , not worth the time and effort at all .
 These curlers are not at all worth the money . They are cheaply made , throw aways and you only get 12 curlers in one order . They are made of foam rubber and after a couple of uses for 15.00 -LRB- Not including taxes and shipping cost -RRB- you have to toss them out That 's if this seller gets the order correct , or even sends them at all .
 The seller forgot to mention that there are only 12 curlers in one order . That means that someone * with medium lenght hair would need to place 2 orders -LRB- $ 29.90 w/h SH ! -RRB- , and someone * with long lenght hair 3 orders -LRB- $ 44.85 w/h SH ! -RRB- which I find very expensive for an order in the US , imagine how much these orders would amount to if placed ouside the US.I must admit that the curlers do curl my hair , but if I would have known about the amount of curlers in one order , I would have not placed the order.I rate it one star because of the information about the quantity the seller conveniently left out . * -RRB- assuming the person is not going baldPampered in USA , do not forget to check out my comment about your comment of my review
 This ` amazon ' Body Kouros is totaly FAKE ! After 15 minutes , his smell is off ! I have original Body Kouros YSL , his smell is working two days on my skin ! Very very bad business of ` amazon ' ! I want my money back !
 Do n't buy this . It smells like new tires . The notes for this product is the same as the original Kouros but this product was either deffective or too old or there 's something weird about it . I have no idea what to do with it . I ca n't even return it because it is not returnable . I fell in love with the Kouros fraicheur but this one is worst than stetson after shave from dollar stores .
 Re
 This was a cute little container with two shades of concealer , but neither one of them really was a `` killer '' cover . I 've had much better coverage from Covermark and Dermablend . It covers things that every other concealer covers , but nothing more .
 I heard about this Udderly Smooth from a coworker whose daughter is in diabetic and used these products . I also saw many good reviews about this hand cream and tried it . It does n't moisturize my hands and feel very watery . A couple of weeks later , I found out the contents split into water and awful liquids in the bottle . Waste of money.If you are very intersting in these USmooth just because of such great reviews , try a tiny amount from local stores .
 DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY !!! Yeah it 's true it 's a steal for $ 41.00 until they charge the $ 28 for shipping and handling . No wonder they can sell the item for so cheap , they make up for it by over charging you on shipping . I would advise that if you 're wanting to save money , buy at the store , it 's $ 58 at Macy 's which is $ 11 cheaper than buying from this company . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY !!!!!
 It does not smell like the Cashmere at Macy 's . But , kept it just to use for everyday until it runs out .
 After being impressed by a `` sniffer '' in a newspaper supplement , shopped online . Found this , appeared to be the best deal . Disappointed because I did n't notice that it 's toilet water , not perfume . Oh well , it 's only seventy bucks . Also , the `` sniffer '' smelled better .
 I did not like this product . It did not do anything for my lips . I prefer a more emollient lip balm .
 Love the scent of this ! But it 's really sticky . I ca n't use it . When I talk , it does n't feel natural ... my lips stick together . So disappointed .
 I have the 4 oz tube of udderly smooth and like it . For some reason , the lotion in the 10 oz is thinner and the lotion in the 10 oz container I got smells awful . The only thing I can compare it to is diaper cream . I wo n't use it , the smell is so gross and it was not any better at helping my severely dry winter skin -LRB- I live in the northeast US -RRB- .
 not a great product , leaves marks when applied to rootsdoes not stay on the hair for more than a day
 When I read the ingredients in the slenderizing cream , I did my homework . While this product might be great for smoothing & toning skin , it is NOT intended for weight loss ... especially those of us who need to lose more than a few inches . I followed the instructions exactly as indicated in the booklet provided & lost 0 inches ! Rubbing a clay and oil mix followed by using wraps to compress your skin has nothing to do with removing waste surrounding your cells . It 's simple biology ; only your liver & blood have the ability to perform that process . Only diet & exercise helps you lose those unwanted inches ladies ! Do not waste your money ! Trust me , if you want to spend $ 100 on body wraps , go to a spa ! Than at least you do n't have to do the work !
 First off Wraps are not Latex Free for those intolerant to latex such as myself SELLER FAILS Here to WARN YOU . Second the Manual or direction book that comes with this kit states clearly more than once it takes ON AVERAGE 4 ounces to be a full body treatment . Therefore 64 ounces divided by 4 equals only 16 treatments . So for me I have to use my own latex free wraps I bought else where . And I use my own nylon two piece rain suit because the so called free vinyl suit they supply is almost impossible to clean or keep clean and doubt if it launders through a washer . My inexpensive nylon pvc coated rain suit fits well and washes fine so it stays clean and I can move around as all elephants especially on the short side does not fit the free suit in this kit at all . Maybe it 's left over from a comedy club special?You ask if the stuff works ? That 's what you really want to know . That depends on you and your body and system . I use these cremes to combat over all edema build up caused by trauma to the lymph system . Primarily to help prevent and break up -LSB- fibrous & gel type pitting edema -RSB- fluids in both arms and legs . This brand works as well as most any of them for my purpose and needs.I 'll boost these treatments in a far-red-infra-red sauna set to 110 - 120 F. for 20-30 minutes too . Basically it does help but it 's not a cure and I 'm told there are no cures so I 'm left to try to prevent it getting worse and treating it constantly with compression garments and treatments like these . It pays off over the cost of expensive Lymphedema massages and wrap sessions but you have to constantly work at it ... no time off!If this Vendor changes it 's contradiction on coverage to 16 treatments and also informs people the wraps are not latex free I might have been more generous towards the kit . However since I have to use my own wraps and it 's only half the treatment amount covered I suggest you look around for 1-2 of the 32 OZ jars which are easier to handle and avoid the kits themselves including this one .
 Perfume lasted for only the first three sprays , I guess they mixed something else ` cos I 've been using this perfume for years and the smell remains strong till the last drop - well not for this bottle.Lesson learned - Stick to buying perfumes from reputable retailers or better still the duty free shops .
 So , this lipstick lasts for many hours as advertised . However , I do n't like it.The color does not blend well with the lips and it looks dry after a short time -LRB- it comes with a gloss , not a moisturizer -RRB- . I 'd not buy it again .
 The price was too good to be real . 3.4 oz D&G ; Light Blue for less than $ 50 ?! I should 've known . . DO NOT PURCHASE PERFUMES FROM 1robert . smith2 ! THIS SELLER SELLS FAKE PERFUMES !! The smell was totally off and the packaging was poorly made . The perfume was leaking from inside the packaging and the text printed on the bottle was poorly printed .
 This perfume was a fake . The packaging was printed on and it was lopsided . I have been wearing light blue for over 3 years and this does not smell like the original . Do not make the same mistake i did .
 I thought I was getting a great deal on a great product . When I recieved my bottle and sprayed it , I knew immediately it was different and I had received a knock off . The smell was n't even close to the real thing which I still had a little bit of left . I put the two bottles side by side and could tell there were differences in the bottles as well . I may be nieve but I thought I was buying a genuine bottle of Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue . I was clearly duped .
 I can , and I did . I returned before use , I would n't put perfume on my face if they paid me to try it . This stuff IS bogus !! If you want sea buckthorn products < supposed main ingredient , GO BUY SEA BUCKTHORN Products , I did ;-RRB- I 'm I 'm really happy with them .
 Does n't smell nice -LRB- or bad -RRB- , does n't make my scalp feel refreshed or better or anything . It takes a lot to make a lather . For me , it is not at all worth the expense .
 This product is long wearing and feels good on my lips . HOWEVER the picture I used as a guide to choose the color is FAR FAR FROM ACCURATE . I do n't believe that I will purchase another cosmetic product from amazon without first confirming the color elsewhere . I really like Nars products and there is nowhere near me to purchase them in person in my area so I tried them through amazon . This is the second time I have been disappointed in the color I received . The first color Chelsea Girls was one that a magazine recommended for fair skinned women . It looked like I used concealer on my mouth . BLECH ! But I liked the formula . So I tried again and went with Baby Doll which the image depicts as a bright clear red . I got a pale pink so close to my lipcolor that it is a total waste of the time I spend putting it on . Any generic clear gloss would offer more payoff because it would at least have shine going for it , instead of the subtle dewy finish the lacquer offers . In red it would have been a neat effect , in baby doll it is a $ 24 source of considerable annoyance . It is made worse by the fact that it took nearly a week to get here despite being prime eligible . I also attempted to cancel this product 3 days before it arrived -LRB- I recieved several glosses as a gift in the interim -RRB- and was told it could not be canceled . WHY NOT ? It clearly was n't already in transit if I did n't get it til 3 days later . I would strongly recommend using any other supplier for this product . I generally adore amazon but they seriously dropped the ball here .
 I have ordered this perfume for my wife who already had some and loved it . What I received was a bottle of watered down alcohol -- colored yellow in a Faubourg 24 container -- and when I tried to return it -- it was listed as a hazardous material and not returnable -- shame on Amazon -- they need to do some quality control on thewi LLC partners -- a $ 92 error in this economy HURTS !!!!!!!!
 I was SUPER excited to get this in the mail , and then I actually tried it on . BLEH I smelled like my mother in law . Which is fine if you are over 50 but it made me feel really old . The upside is it has quite a strong staying power . I had to take a bath and scrub up with soap to get the smell off . I wanted it to be elegant and but it was just gross .
 I 'm glad I bought the tiny bottle of this because I would n't purchase it again . For one thing , the little stopper is so difficult to get out that I ended up spilling a little of it.As for the fragrance , I 've had better . It 's one of those perfumes that smells different on everyone and on me it did n't seem to last long .
 This item is not as discribed . The picture is accurate , but the discription is misleading . It is a powder puff and container . Powder not included . Not a purse spray .
 Not only does it NOT smell anything like gardenias ... the fragrance totally disappears after like 2 hours . I was looking for a reasonably priced fragrance to wear to work , but sadly this is not it.Guess you get what you pay for . Liz could have done a lot better with this one. : -LRB-
 This is the worst smell Gardenia perfurme that I have ever smelt . It does not even smell like Gardenias . So I poured it out instead of returning it , becauae it was n't worth returning it .
 It says Free Shipping but this IS NOT TRUE ! When I contracted AAA Perfume , they said it was Amazon 's fault and it should not have said free shipping . I canceled my order , but it arrived anyway . I sent it back , and was told I would n't be charged . We 'll see when my statement comes.Just be warned ; it 's rather expensive shipping charges .
 This perfume is not worth the money . It does NOT last at all . What a joke ! You are warned .
 I sprayed 5 kids all over and it was empty ! It is good but not for this much money ! I would recommend if it was cheap
 I got the wrong perfume my order was `` Lancetti Perfume '' -LRB- yellow box -RRB- but I got `` leidi Lancetti '' -LRB- red box -RRB- . i sent three e-mails and waited for more than 2 weeks and no one reply.just bad support .
 The product did not come with any insert on product information . I t was hard to know if it could be used on the face or was it for general body .
 I was very disappointed in this product . It sheds terribly and takes moretime to pick off what it leaves behind than applying your entire makeupapplication . I washed this brush thinking it would help , it did not . Terrible product for the money paid . Purchased from a local YoungBlooddealer not from Amazon . Same brush .
 I ordered a 3.4 ounce bottle of cologne called Aramis Life . Upon delivery I received a 1.7 ounce bottle that was empty . The box was old , worn , dented and faded ect ... I just ca n't believe someone over there thought this was acceptable , and needless to say I 'm extremely disapointed !!!
 please dont buy it , its fake ... ive been using this product long enough to say!Usually fake perfumes smeel just like original but the fragrance goes away soon , but this one give me a headache and is nothing like the original
 I received this product in the mail shipping and packaging were just fine , however the product was stale and had to be returned . The seller was agreeable and allowed me to return without having to pay return shipping . The full price was credited back to my card including shipping and restocking fee , with no other issues . Product was stale , however the seller made things right .
 I ordered a Jean Paul Gaultier from this store and It sent me another version totally diferent to the version ordered , the version sent is a summer version , I made a complain to the store and they said me that the product is a new one and it was totally original , but the problem is that I ordered that one showed in the picture a Eau De Toilette and they sent me a product that has a lot of water , alchool and nothing of perfume . If someone wants to buy from this store think about it first . I do n't recomend neither the store nor the product
 I order this product thinking that I will be getting the same one on the picture . I have one got it as a gift from a friend its already empty and I really really like the smell thats why I order a new one.I got dissapointed when I recieved a different kind of Jean Paul Gaultier pink bottle and pink liquid not the same kind on the picture . They deliver very fast which is very good , the only thing is pls dont use a different picture in your add then send a costumer a differend kind but same brand .
 good day , the article you sent me is not shown in the photo , I sent a perfume sample , which came without lids , buttons are large amount of liquid , the truth I am not happy with the product they sent me and which is not requested and purchased through amazon.com
 The scent of the perfume received was mild and is definitely an imitation of the product . I have another bottle to compare with and it was not the same at all . Very disappointed .
 I loved the perfume in the dept. store but for some reason it smelled off , straight away right out of the bottle . The EDT did not smell like the origianl at the department store . I will try to give this away to some one as it is a none returnable item . . As well as the bottle had glue on the top and on the bottle , very dissapointed .
 Good morning , I am writing from Venezuela . Buy perfume Jean Paul , which came half . poorly packaged wine and poured almost the entire remaining product in half , which upset me a little . My English is written with Google translator because they do not speak English . Excuse me . Sincerely Aurea Rosas . I need to know how to do to fix this problem . Thank you very much ... Note
 The company was great . Answered my e-mails right away . However , they did not fill the order . The product sprayer did not work and they did not have one to replace it . I would deal with the company again , in spite of not having the product for the Christmas gift I wanted to give to someone .
 Bought this as a Xmas gift for my wife . She had bought the men 's version for me this past summer ... which she absolutely loved . Was told the fragrance was similar . However ; upon receiving , and trying . . , easily determined that it was not even close . Strange strong fragrance that seems to lean more toward stale cigar / tobacco odor as the dominant aroma . Cant return so both of us are extremely dissapointed .
 Very upset about this . Cap to bottle was open before opening the package , causing 1/4 + of the liquid to spill out in tin container / box . Item can not be returned to Amazon because it is a liquid , so there is no way to get a replacement / refund !
 I was offered a perfume and they send me the `` DEMONSTRATION '' that says NOT FOR SALE with a box that is not the original package -LRB- maybe not even an original -RRB- ... how can they sell it like that ... . I want my refund ITS A 100 % SCAM THIS SALE
 Actually , I never got the product . I called the retailer and they said they were going to look into it but it never happened . They still owe me this money , I just do n't want to fight over it .
 This cream was recommended to me by my friend , who had heard that it was a great moisturizer . I am very dissapointed in this cream . Additionally , it makes my hands feel weird .
 Very thick and plush , but definately not practical as a spa slipper . You wo n't be able to polish your toes before inserting because the individual spaces are tight together after the huge space from the big toe . Nor practical after inserting toes either because of the fluffiness.Also , it 's design throws the foot at a weird angle . You can adjust the first toe to line it up so your foot is correct on the slipper but the individual spaces after the first toe are too far from the first toe and they throw the foot sideways off the side of the slippers . I will have to remove most of them if not all of the individual ones.Worth keeping though as comfortable flip flop slippers for the $ 12 .
 Sodium lauryl sulfate -LRB- one of the top five ingredients in this soap -RRB- is a known skin irritant and should n't be present in any high-end product . -LSB- ... -RSB- I would n't recommend using this on anyone . I 'm sure Ahava has other soap products out there without this skin-unfriendly one .
 I tried the Seacret nail care line at a mall and their buffer was amazing . I never had seen my nail so shiny and smooth , but I did n't want to pay the $ 40 for it , and I just wanted the buffer . So I got the Lil Whistler , and it 's a pale comparison for the Seacret one . The Seacret completely buffed out all of my nail ridges and shined it to an amazingly bright shine . This one buffed some ridges , but did n't remove them , and the shine matches my Seacret nail , 2 weeks later . I would recommend paying the extra money ... it really does make a difference .
 I was very underwhelmed by the results with this product . I am going to return it and try something else . I did not get any noticable , durable shine by using the 3-way buffer & solution .
 I had to give it one star because you would n't take it without -- but this is n't about the product -- it 's about your PRICE OF $ 2488 for 17oz ! There must be some mistake . Even from La Mer itself , the 16.5 oz is only $ 1350 ! So how can you ask that much MORE for an extra 1/2 oz ? And if you get the 2 oz from them , it 's the same price as yours , but at least it 's NOT * NIB *
 I bought this perfume based on the great reviews and I really like B-Brit , but when I received it and put it on there was a high strong note I could n't quite place , it was very like disinfecting way up in my nose -LRB- but I Am very sensitive to perfumes -RRB- kind of reminding me of final net hairspray -LRB- Too Bad -RRB- I 'm glad I only bought the sample I am going to try this from now on , saved me a-lot of money if I would have bought the full bottle ! and also to flowery for my taste I like a more clean smelling scent .
 PLEASE DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR . THEIR PRODUCTS AND SPURIOUS AND FAKE . I ORDERED A BURBERRY WEEKEND PERFUME FROM THEM AND WHEN I RECEIVED IT I FOUND THE FRAGRANCE TO BE DISTINCTLY DIFFERENT FROM MY PREVIOUS BOTTLE . IT WAS LIKE WATER . WITH THE FRAGRANCE LASTING FOR BARELY FIVE MINUTES . PLEASE CHECK YOUR PERFUMES AND FILE A CLAIM IF YOU NOTICE ANY DIFFERENCE .
 I found this scent very strong smelling and overwhelming with only a spritz . Reminds me of the Lamp Berger gardenia scent ... not a fan . I wo n't be wearing it again .
 I was wondering ... how can be half price ... now i know ... is just different from my previous bottle ; smells last for 5-10 minutes ... so please save your money . . do n't buy it ... is fakeshipping fast ... but ... : -LRB-
 I bought this perfume blindly based on reviews I read on perfume sites on the Net . And yes , buying perfume blindly is silly ; but if buying over the Internet is the most convenient means to getting certain products because those products are not readily available to you because you live in a small town , then sometimes you have to make that gamble.This is a poor excuse for a citrus scent . It is sharp and simply not good smelling . It smells bad in the bottle , on paper , and on the skin . I expected better from a reputable company like Burberry . Maybe I 'll have better luck with a Bvlgari fragrance .
 I usually buy this in the store and figured I would try it online . It is definitely fake and not the real scent . Never again will I buy this .
 I was really turned off by this scent . I gave it enough of a chance , and it did manage to settle down into something milder after a few hours , but it was still an unattractive smell . It smells like something a much older woman would wear . I think it 's because of all the overwhelming florals . Burberry Classic is my signature scent , and this had none of the creaminess or fruitiness of the original . Just a steady , strong old floral . Really not my thing .
 Ther perfume smells different from the original scent . Color appears slightly off too . This is definitely a fake product ! Never again .
 This seller is obviously dishonest . This item can not be that heavy and even with international shipping and insurance , there is no way it costs $ 60 to ship -- 3x the retail price of the item !! Are they going to have Johnny Depp deliver the package to my door ? Because that is the only way these shipping costs could be justified.It is shameful when retailers try to make a big profit off their customers by charging outrageous fees for shipping . DISGUSTING !
 I really wish companies would actually show the brushes -LRB- even when they are not included -RRB- in the snapshot of the case . I own professional-sized make-up brushes , which would not at all fit in this case . The description said that `` one could easily close the flap down over the brushes '' . This is not true . If I were to do this , my brushes would definitely be smooshed ! There were n't even enough slots for all of them . Needless to say , I 'm a bit disappointed.However , I will not discourage all buyers from this product . If you own just a few brushes -LRB- 12 or less -RRB- , and they are small/short brushes without a lot of fullness , then this case would be perfect for you . Yes , this case is ideal for someone who needs a place to store their seldomly used make-up brushes . If you are looking for an everyday roll bag , I suggest looking elsewhere because the quality of this bag is less than stellar .
 Great smell but too heavy , left hair feeling limp and greasy . Arrived quickly and came as described but just not for my fine hair , might be better for thicker coarse hair .
 I ca n't stand this stuff !!!! I do n't know what the ingredient is but it is just plain NASTY SMELLING !
 I am not kidding . It smells so bad it makes me wonder what bad stuff is in it . I will finish this bottle but will not buy again .
 I 've been buying the Citrus for years . I tried the Honey Mango and almost vomited from the chemicals in it . I could n't wash off the stench for an entire day . I believe they must have outsourced to China and are now poisoning this population with chemicals . I will never buy any Alba products again -- and I 've spent many hundreds over the years .
 I agree with the other reviewers in that this product used to have a light , wonderful lavender scent . Now it has more of a Pine-Sol cleaning smell scent to it , and it smells more like Rosemary than Lavender . : -LRB-
 This was a household standby for easily ten years . Recently , I purchased 5 bottles only to find that the scent has changed from a natural , lovely fragrance of lavender to a pungent , chemically odor . I would never recommend this product to anyone again unless they have no sense of smell .
 I have ordered this product for years and this is the first time the product was rotten . I do n't know if the natural lavender botanicals were spoiled , but the shower gel smelled only of chemicals - and a disgusting combination of those . I could n't use the product and threw away large quantities of it . I will never order it again .
 This bath & shower `` gel '' was completely watered down . I estimate that it was 25-50 % original gel and 50-75 % water . I should have known when I saw that this came from a 3rd party vendor instead of the actual manufacturers with Amazon Prime guarantee . When I invert the bottle , the contents squirt out all over the place and do not have a gelatinous consistency as I -LRB- and most people -RRB- would expect . This a complete rip off , and I will never purchase from them again !
 I have used other Alba products and have really enjoyed them but this was nowhere near as good as the others . It does n't lather and it does n't smell like lavender ... If you want a better lavender scent , try avalon organics .
 I did not have a good experience with this product . It smells good but I used it -LRB- sparingly -RRB- in the bath and experienced sensitivity/irritation from it -LRB- feminine region -RRB- . I ca n't use drugstore brands like Olay , Softsoap , etc. . . I normally use Body Shop , Neutrogena , and Bath & Body Works and never have problems . I incorrectly assumed Alba products would be more along those lines . Beware if you have sensitivity issues with bath & shower gel and body wash .
 Well , I have been fooled a few times by reviews on Amazon and this happened to be another . The reviews mention a good citrus scent , good cleaning and hydrating power with an economical price . Upon getting the bottle , I opened it up to try the stuff and was unpleasantly surprised . First off , the citrus smell is more a floral vomit citrus smell . I decided to push through it but five days later I found that the smell went from that to a very rancid version of it . I could not believe it , how could this go from bad to worse ? Well , it did . Stay away !
 I 've been wondering if this is a counterfeit product . The pump dispenser did not work on the first try . After taking the thing apart it worked for exactly one pump then stalled again ; and continues each time I try to lather up ! The package insert was incomplete in content . This I know because I have purchased the product previously from my dermatologist . The packaging indicated that the product was shipped from China . Just how can a purchaser be assured that a product is genuine ? I will not purchase from this source again .
 I truly wanted this product to work for me , but it just did n't deliver at all . My face looked much better prior to it 's use . My skin was very tight after patting my skin dry . I have sensitive skin . The ingredients are just not for sensitive skin even though it claims it 's for sensitive skin . Sensitive skin does not need all of these bad ingredients . Less is better!My skin started to break out in blotches and pimples . This was a reaction to the ingredients . I would stear clear of this product no matter which skin type . I also noticed it does not help aging skin at all . My skin looked worse . I bought two tubes of this product thinking I would really like it . What a waste!The cleanser is white and creamy and foams well but just wrecks havoc on my skin . I will never use this again .
 The tube was dirty and had obviously been used when I received it ; there was no safety seal under the cap and underneath cap was dirty also . I discarded the tube immediately ; it was a waste of money and would have been more of a waste to pay to return it.I would never again purchase any product from this vendor ; it has also deterred me from other purchases -LRB- other than used books -RRB- I would have made through Amazon.Sincerely , Christine DeCosta
 Products will not stay on eyes , even when clients are lying still . Too stiff . Perhaps this is why they are on sale . Will not buy again . First jar was totally dried out , but replaced . Took over a month to receive products .
 We followed the instructions and even used this stuff on bleached hair but it does n't give a very intense color . And it does n't last more than a few weeks . I had better luck with koolaid .
 When I was in high school , Manic Panic was the semi-permanent hair color of choice . You could achieve interesting colors in your hair temporarily -LRB- 3 weeks -RRB- without needing to bleach your hair first . You only needed to bleach your hair first if you wanted the color to dye permanently . Unfortunately , this is no longer the case with the Manic Panic products . In order for the color to show up at all you need to first bleach your hair . It is disappointing . I bought this for my 12 year old niece who wanted to do something fun -LRB- and temporary -RRB- during the summer months while she was out of school . If you do n't bleach your hair first , the color wo n't show up at all . I would never buy nor recommend Manic Panic again .
 This product sucked I left it in for an hour and it did nothing but turn my hair like pink salmon color , not pretty or flamingo .
 I love the product ... I really do , but It 's not economically correct for me to continue to order it . The product is wonderful , and I DID enjoy it the few times I received GREAT DEALS ... thanks
 Item is listed on Amazon page as 4-pack , which usually means 4 bottles for the price.I received 1 bottle with my order from RestockIt . I am still disputing this with Amazon.As they say , if the price is too good to be true , then it is n't . I 'll update this after Amazon communicate their decision.UPDATE
 It was not properly sealed , it seemed like someone over the mail opened it a took some of it , be careful
 I bought the maxi glide based on recommendations . I have extremely thick wavy/curly frizzy hair . It does n't do much more than other straighteners I have tried and it costs a lot more . It seems to have damaged my ends after three uses . I also had to use a curling iron on the ends because this product left my hair like straw , ends sticking out straight , only bent when I used the steam . I am not going to return it but I would n't buy it again .
 I purchased a Maxius Maxiglide MX-597 in January of this year and I ca n't say that I can recommend this product . Not because it did n't straighten my hair . In fact , it did an execellent job at straightening my hair . And I 'm African American so that 's saying alot . However , the long term consequences of using this iron is not worth it because it did take a lot of my hair out . The instructional DVD tells you not to squeeze the iron and to `` let the MaxiGlide do the work '' . I followed those directions and did n't squeeze the iron , but the ceramic detangling pins still took too much of my hair out . I even brushed and combed all the kinks out of my hair before using the iron , but my hair still kept getting caught in the detangling pins . After using the iron once , I thought that it would be in my best interest to discontinue using it . Yes , my hair was bone straight , but at what cost ? After six months of using the Maxiglide I probably would n't have any hair left to straighten .
 i didnt likethis product at all it doesnt worth that much of money , dont waste ur money on something like this . i brefer my -LRB- -LRB- conair __ flat iron -RRB- -RRB- 25 $ i just got the same results
 I wanted to try something different from the Dior mascara I usually get . This does n't come close to the quality of Dior . It gets the job done but nothing fancy , your better off buying a volumizing mascara at your local drug store .
 First , some credit where it 's due
 this mascara war dry when it come , it is very disgusting and abominable , i will never buy this product again !
 I 'm sorry , but I was NOT happy with this mascara purchase . I usually buy Yves Saint Laurent mascara all the time . Perhaps I received a bad tube or an old tube ? But the mascara was old and DRY . I was not able to use it . I was VERY upset that I spent $ 30 for mascara and can not use it . I am going to try to return this . This was awful to me .
 I truly loved how this mascara went on , and how it looked - While it lasted ... Honestly , this is the BEST looking mascara if you blot it and do one coat . I was shocked at how amazing my lashes looked ... The bad news is yes it really does smudge terribly . I even tried talking myself into keeping this for just nights out , but if you are dancing , or going to be somewhere warm , forget it . I could easily envision black streaks running down my face . . I say that because it is a nightmare to take off . I am talking 4-5 + eye make up remover pads -LRB- PER EYE ladies -RRB- , plus washing my face and sudsing my lids 2 - 3 times . And there were still black smudges under my eyes . That was the most shocking part , how one coat could produce so much black !!!! It is a great pity Dior has not fixed this or added a small water resistant element to the formula . . What I usually do and recommend before making an expensive purchase
 I hate to give a bad review , I would rather not say anything at all but then the company would not learn and future customers might buy this without knowing . So here goes . I am looking for a brush that does not shed hair on my face . This one did ... Enough said . . Judy ...
 I was very disappointed in the quality . My favorite spray was either VERY old or had been watered down . The fragrance was so light it was barely noticeable and smelled like cooking oil . I have worn Tendre Poison for many , many years , and I was so delighted to find it on Amazon -LRB- since it is hard to find -RRB- that I bought TWO bottles . Both bottles are pretty much worthless . I do n't mind paying a bigger price for quality , but this was $ 170 down the drain ! Buyers beware !
 Hi , I just receive one of this bottle for my wife who used to have it for more than 10 years and ... like another say cooking oil !!! All the bottle and the perfume itself are false ! I 'm going to ask for my cash back but it 's look like a good working affair for them.New bottles arrive time by time -LRB- at my time , there were only 2 now 5 more ! -RRB- From where , Dior does n't produce anymore this fragrance.Forget the idea to retreve this marvellous fragrance ... not from this vendorKeep away !
 The bottle is in bad conditions and the smell is like old perfum , it is not the smell i used to have . I life outside the usa , so what should i do to obtain the correct one ? . I have some friends there who can help me with this there . Is that possible to change it or to obtain the one I used to have years ago ? Why is not in the market anymore ? -LSB- ... -RSB-
 First of all , I want to start out by saying that a product obviously will bring out different results , on everyone . While this did not work for me , it may produce great results for others . It does smell nice and it 's a fairly nice consistency . But MY personal experience was that I noticed a huge difference in my hair , in the way of terrible , terrible static electricity . I do , in fact , contribute the SE to this conditioner . I can say that with certainty , because the results were absolutely immediate ! With that being said , while I wo n't be using this again , others should give it a fair try . It really smells good . It 's just not for my particular head of hair ! : - -RRB-
 Do n't get me wrong , axe is generally a solid brand . Most of its products are pretty good and are worth using , but not the shower gel . This stuff does n't actually clean your body like a body wash will , and while it has the axe scent of its corresponding body spray type , the smell wears off after 3 minutes , and not because your nose gets used to your fragrance , it never happens that quickly ! Furthermore , ` Unlimited ' is easily the worst axe scent , it smells like a cross between a sweating fish , a pomegranite , and an eye clinic . Stay away from this , just use some soap or body wash to keep your skin clean in the shower , and keep your axe collection strictly restricted to the body spray and/or dry deodorent .
 I was so excited , after reading about Paul Mitchell 's new exciting Super Skinny Smoothing Serum . All the testimonials and descriptions had me ecstatically looking forward , finally , for the first time in my life , to hair that falls softly , freely , flows like silk , and does not turn to a wirey soap pad three minutes after I put down the blow dryer . Hang the expense , I thought . With these promised results , I was willing to pay the exhorbitant $ 25 dollars without a complaint.After way too many days of desperately waiting for it and dreaming of the `` new me '' , -LRB- only disappointed that I had had to wait all my life for this wonder product to give me beautiful hair -RRB- , it finally arrived.I shampooed my hair , towel dried it , worked in just the amount suggested , and blow-dried it with joy in my heart . As usual , when I put the blow dryer down , my hair was quite lovely . Not any MORE lovely than it usually is in that magical fleeting moment . But this time , THIS TIME , it was going to STAY THaT WAY !!! . So , instead of spraying it rock hard to ward off disaster , I had confidence , full confidence in Paul Mitchell and went outside in the morning air and walked to church . That is a six minute walk.When I got there , I took a peak at my hair in the mirror , expecting to be thrilled -- but , instead , I was HORRIFIED . H O R R I F I E D !!!!!!!!! Mortified and sick at heart , embarrassed and angry . My hair in those six minutes had shrunk and shriveled and kinked up into wild ugly deplorable knots . My hair was a shapeless , frizzed , ugly mess of disorderly corkscrews sticking out all over , much like what you would imagine the Bride of Frankenstein 's hair to look like.Since that time , I have experimented with my expensive bottle of Super Skinny Serum , hoping it was something I had done wrong , but , alas , there has been no change . The product is overrated , falsely advertised , and totally useless . I not only threw out $ 25 , but I had my heart broken as well . Thanks , guys .
 Was sent to incorrect address not there fault . Did offer to correct problem nor did I get credit.Never got my item
 I have used it but do n't see any difference this product causes.I applied it on my curly hair after shampoo . But once the hair is dry , it 's just the same .
 Average brush . Does not penetrate the scalp as well as I thought it would.Creates a lot of static .
 Built to last as they say but the handle on the med is way too small . There is plenty of boar but the nylon is higher than the boar so does not penetrate thick hair and the handle made my hand VERY tired . Spornette Luxury is better for thick hair and feels nice brushing ... but not built to last and made in china .
 This item was not good ! I burned my neck using it becuase in the picture I did not realize to clmap it down you have to open it . I never had a hair appliance that was backwards and so difficult to use . It is unfortunate becuase I was looking forward to using it : -LRB-
 I tried this in the privacy of my home before wearing it out in public -- fortunately . It was a matter of seconds before the dress 's halter top came away from my skin . The sad thing is , the dress actually fits perfectly by itself , so the tape did n't have much work to do -- and still it failed.Maybe packing tape would work better .
 My face has never been the same since using this . I mean , I have gotten the texture back to normal , but oh my ! After using this product thicker hair began to grow on my chin . So , even though I have never ever had to do this before , I now have to pluck these thick hairs out of my chin . Who wants their boyfriend to feel a beard on their face . Also , it did n't clear up anything , it just made my skin irritable . Buyer beware !!
 i used this shampoo in february when i was visiting my sister in fla. and fell in love with it ! i came home and googled it and found that publix carried it , so asked my daughter to pick some up for me , -LRB- no publix in the mountains where i live , -RRB- and she was told that hawaiian nut was discontinued.i went on line and found it and ordered it although the container was different , i took a chance against my better judgment!MISTAKE !!! it dose n't even smell the same , not even close!i am very disappointed in the product !! was going to send it back , instead i gave it away . GOOD LESSON LEARNED ... DO NOT ORDER A PRODUCT THAT HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED BY THE COMPANY ...
 These gloves are way too large . My hand measures 63/4 inches long and 31/4 inch wide at the knuckles . There is an extra inch at the fingertips and the fingers are spaced too far apart .
 You can get the same gloves at the drug store for half the cost , there is nothing special about them at all ... I thought from the description they would be lined or moisturized filled or something extra ... wrong simple cotton spandex gloves .
 I suppose this to be refreshing color for summer . Yet when I put it on my nails , I realize it 's already to dry to spread . I 've never experienced such problems with OPI brand-new nail polish . Thus I suspect nail polish sold by this seller is not of good quality and have been opened probably.And they do not allow return for the product , which is really annoying .
 This may be a great cream for other skin types but it did n't work for my mother . She is 64 and has olive color combination skin . She used it only twice and it made her skin red and dry . Her forehead -LRB- which is normally oily -RRB- started to peel . Her face was itchy so she had to stop using it .
 IT BURNS MY EYES EVEN IF I KEEP IT ONLY ON MY CHEEK BONES AND LOWER . I WOULD N'T RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT
 I ordered this in hopes of it locking in moisture and after reading tons of good reviews I thought I finally found something that would actually work but to my disappointment it does not . It did absolutely nothing for my skin it actually feels like it dries it out more with the Murad than with just moisturizer . Also under make up it tends to look cakey .
 I received this item very quickly but was very disappointed on how thick it was I cant believe when I felt how thick it was I actually put it in my hair that was a big mistake cause it took me about 4-5 washes to wash it out it was very disgusting needless to say after that I threw it away . I actually found a different brand of carrot oil at a beauty supply near me I wish I knew they had it before I purchase this one . Very nasty product so very gross !!
 These puffs are very harsh and extremely abrasive . They left scratches on my face after using them . They also do not last as long as a Buf Puf . I now use them to scrub my feet -LRB- they are good for that -RRB- . When it comes to your face , spend the money for the Buf Puf .
 I recently purchased this item and when I received it , the coloring was off , the bottle was smaller than 6 FL OZ , there was NO Murad seal of certification , it did n't come in the box and the ingredients were listed in a different order . The label stated 6 FL OZ / 180 mL , when the `` real '' product is 6 FL OZ / 150 mL , which makes sense . Beware if you choose to purchase this product , do so from a different seller . This seller is not very helpful when it comes to returns and they provide you with no tracking information when this item is shipped . I spoke with a customer service at Murad and they informed me that the product I purchased , was in fact fake!Aside from the bad review of the seller , I love this product . I have very sensitive skin and have been using this product for years ! Its refreshing and never once has it irritated my skin or dried it out like other toners .
 I tried this at the Clinique counter after reading rave reviews . I have to say this is one of the worst scents I have ever tried . It is overpowring in strength . The best description I can give is that it smells like a ninety year old woman who has been the same bottle of rancid perfume for about 50 years.I am a fragrance lover and enjoy many types of perfume from foody to oriental spicy but this poison like liquid defies description.It was cold today but I would n't wear the coat I had on yesterday when I sampled this hellish scent because it is still loudly lingering on the sleeve.It took several scrubbings with a variety of soaps before I could remove the toxic smell . I would not be able to sit in the same room with someone who wears this `` fragrance '' . Even a skunk 's spray outside the window smells better.Horrible , horrible , horrible !
 This is the scent for you if you are an old women who wants to be avoided at any cost . It has gotten so bad that the scent arrives first and then the old lady appears . It is so offensive that it almost drives me to violence ... and it is so wrong to do this to old women . Old women around the world stand up and revolt ! Change your perfume!PS - I am a heterosexual male who would never date a smoker or a woman who wore Clinique Aromatics Elixir . Both are just about the same game-stopper .
 My mom 's friend always wears this perfume , and when I was younger and she visited , my siblings and I pulled straws to see whose room she had to stay in because the scent was so horrible and lingered for weeks . One year , my mom 's friend flew into town to surprise my mom . My dad picked up this friend from the airport , then went to pick up my mom from work . As soon as my mom got in the car , she said , `` It smells like -LSB- so and so -RSB- in here . '' Haha ! It really , honestly is the most offensive scent I 've smelled . I would choose the smell of dog doodoo over this perfume -- really . I recently married , and the first thing my husband said after meeting my mom 's friend was how bad she smelled . It smells like ... expired , rancid , poisonous skunk juice . Every now and then , I smell it on someone in a public place . Yikes . Please . PLEASE . Please stop wearing this scent , ladies ! There 's a reason why it made TotalBeauty 's worst perfumes of all time list !
 I received it in good time but the item itself does n't live up to my expectations . It does n't heat up much , I can still touch it when it 's on high , which is unusual for a hair iron . It now lives at the back of my drawer with the other useless things .
 NOT WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR AT ALL . BULKY , HEAVY AND CLUMSY FEELING , UNABLE TO MANAGE IT . SENT IT BACK ...
 It get 's hot but the tip does n't dissipate the heat too well . The tip gets scalding , finger tip , HOT . I hope the manufacturer in the future makes the end of the curling iron , MORE HEAT friendly to the finger tips . And the brush/curling iron should be longer . I have long hair and it takes a while between the heat and the short curling brush to curl my hair .
 THIS HELEN OF TROY CURLING IRON DOES NOT GET HOT ENOUGH . I WISH I NEVER WOULD HAVE PURCHASED . I WILL CHECK INTO RETURNING BUT IF I CAN NOT I AM STUCK WITH IT AND IT WILL GO IN THE BACK OF MY BATHROOM CLOSET . THIS IS WHY I DO NOT LIKE PURCHASING ON-LINE . IT IS SUCH A HASSLE TO RETURN . NOW I HAVE TO PURCHASE THE CONAIR AND PAY AGAIN FOR SHIPPING . I WISH I COULD FIND THE CURLING BRUSH IN THE 11/4 INCH SIZE IN STORES . BUT I CAN NOT .
 I 'm disappointed - this product takes a long time to heat up and then it does n't get hot enough -LRB- and I have fine hair -RRB- . I 'm now looking for something else .
 This product is flimsy to say the least . The handle is cheap plastic which feels like if you drop it once it will shatter into a thousand pieces . The power button is too loose so when you are trying to style your hair , it is too easy to push the button into the off position . The conair brush I had before was much sturdier and the settings button more rigid . Unfortunately it died after about 8 years of use ... I doubt I will get 1 year with this brush .
 Very disappinting . The switch does not stay on because it is so loose . Unfortunately I did n't find this out until I was in Florida on vacation after I threw away receipts and packaging . Mine may be a lemon but I would not advise anyone to purchase .
 The curl iron brush is reasonably priced . The tip didnt get hot on mine like some of the other reviews stated . The curling part doesnt get as hot as a professional curl iron would even though the product label says `` professional '' I feel you could have bought just as good a product at the local drug store and saved the shipping cost . I put it away as a backup and went to the beauty supply and purchased a real professional curl iron .
 This tip is too small to hold and I burned myself this first time I used it . The brush tips are too far apart to hold your hair tight enough to wrap around and curl . It gets hot enough , but my hair wo n't stay wrapped in it . I only paid about $ 20 with shipping , but I should have went out to eat with that money , I would have gotten more for my money .
 I was really disappointed when i opened the box . The product does now have the `` solid '' feel of a good styling tool . Light is good - but this is too light.It took ages to heat up and just never go hot enough . I have been using Conair for years , and this just does n't compare.The barrel is a great size and the `` teeth '' really gripped my hair , but it would just take me too long as it does n't get nearly hot enough for my thick hair .
 I contacted Helen of Troy regarding the cooling tip defect and asked how to return the item . This was their response ... Dear Valued Customer , You will receive a new unit in return . At the current time , the cool tip has not been re-designed . Thank you , Irene VillaHelen of TroyConsumer Service1-800-487-8769
 I liked the 1-1/2 &#34; barrel - it was exactly what I wanted . However , the follow through on this is poor . It feel cheap and not very sturdy . My hair -LRB- I have fine hair -RRB- kept getting caught in the little riser on the center of the iron . The iron itself never heated up well enough to set my hair and it took a good deal of time for it to even get to it 's hottest point . I returned it and will be searching for something else .
 I red complaints about the tip being too hot before I bought - the tip seems big enough to me , and I certainly did n't burn myself - it does n't get hot enough even on high and the bristles are very short . Did n't think it worked well at all .
 It just take for ever to heat . And when it does is not too hot . If you have at least 1 hour to use the brush maybe ok for you otherwise better to look for another one .
 This is a terrible product !! This does not get hot enough !! Bristles are too short and they are flexible ... so they do n't wrap around the hair very well . If it heated up to a higher temperature maybe I could deal with the bristles . The tip is the only part that gets hot ... too hot to touch . Your hair gets caught in between a gap at the end of the barrel and the handle and rips your hair out . Also , the placement of the On/Off switch is terrible because as you are trying to curl your hair it keeps switching to Off . It is all around a bad product . The only thing it kind of works on is to turn under the ends of my 2 year old 's baby fine hair ... even then it does n't hold the curl very well . Still not hot enough . I do n't know why I even decided to give this a try because I own 2 other Helen of Troy products and I do n't care for them either . Go with the Conair Instant Heat 1.25 inch with the 25 settings . It gets really hot ... I just wish the barrel was bigger . I do n't understand why these are so hard to find ???
 I actually bought this to use on short hair ; just to give volume and turn the ends under . It works wonderfully for that . My hair is long enough to just cover the barrel , and it works great for providing a little movement . I 've read complaints that the hair tangles on it . I have not had that problem . Very easy to roll on and off the hair . I do wish it had an automatic turn-off . Now for the bad part
 this product lacks in most areas ; it does not get very hot , the on/off switch is in a bad location so as when you are trying to roll your hair around the brush , you inadvertently shut it off , it takes forever to heat up and then it is not at all hot enough to curl hair , no `` safe '' area to hold end of brush away from hot curling barrel -LRB- hot enough to burn your fingers , but not very hot to curl hair -RRB- . I 'm planning to return the item as soon as I find a replacement ... any suggestions out there ?
 It never gets hot enough to affect my hair style at all . Also , the on/off switch turns off at the slightest bump or touch while styling . I am very disappointed because this is the only brush iron of this size I can find .
 The `` heat resistent '' tip is not heat resistant at all . It 's too short to function properly and burns your fingers . I used this once and am now stuck with it .
 I have the conair 11/4 inch hot brush but my hair is very thick and long so I wanted a bigger barrell . This was all I could find . I read all reviews before I purchased and people either loved it or hated it . If you have the conair first you will hate this brush . If you have nothing to compare it to I guess it would be ok . The cool tip at the end is too small and I kept burning my finger tips . The on/off switch is right where your hand goes so you have to keep switching it back on . It does not get hot enough . If you have a lot of hair do n't waste your money . I 've gone back to using my conair . Wish it was bigger but it always makes my hair look great ! I donated mine to a thrift store . I paid for shipping and by the time I paid to have it shipped back it just was n't worth it . Whoever buys it will probably pay 2 dollars for it and that is about what is was worth to me . Someone please come out with a 11/2 inch hot brush !!!!
 I have had two T3 Tourmaline hair dryers and both has seriously dangerous wiring issues and caused electrical sparks and fire down the cord . I 'm sending T3 's blow dryer to the Federal Trade Commission to investigate the safety , but since that process takes time , I wanted to alert others of the extreme hazard of the T3 hair dryer.I purchased a T3 hair dryer on Amazon -LRB- a purchase that can be verified -RRB- . After using it for less than 8 months , it fired 6-8 inch red sparks when turned on . The sparks from the electrical fire extended a couple feet down the cord . I was lucky that my arm was outstretched and am thankful for not being electrocuted.An isolated incident unrelated to the T3 dryer itself , you might think . Well , I did , and based on the glowing reviews , I replaced that T3 hair dryer with another one . At about the ten month point -LRB- last week -RRB- , I turned on the dryer and a loud screeching noise erupted from dryer , giving off a terrible electrical fire smell , and blowing the fuse . I 'm grateful that the dryer 's dangerous malfunction tripped the switch before being electrocuted.The T3 dryers are n't the only items I use in that outlet , which works perfectly fine for anything else -LRB- e.g. , waterpik , hair iron , etc. -RRB- . Nor was I around water when both of these T3 dryers basically exploded into electrical flames . I 'm not a cat with nine lives , so two T3 hair dryers that threaten to be fatal was enough.I contacted T3 with the limited information on their site , alerting the company and asking for their mailing address to return their consumer hair dryer to inspect for safety . They are suspiciously secretive about giving customers their mailing address , even when alerted to a potentially fatal product . The T3 company just sends template emails , with no contact person , name , or address , and demands to know the model number , date of purchase , where , and a whole laundry list of busy work for the customer to gather . This is in response to a request to send them one of their products that is so seriously defective that it could be fatal.Now , I do n't run a consumer products company , but if I was told a customer was nearly electrocuted and sparks are firing from my product , I 'm pretty certain I 'd be responsive , regardless of whether the dangerous item was black or white or purchased on Amazon or Sephora . Very shady in my view , prompting me to wonder if there are others who 've experienced T3 's defective product and give up trying to contact the company .
 I have had three T3 hair dryers . I really liked the lightweight aspect but the heat control stopped working on all of them including the travel version . It is impossible to use any of them because the the high heat gets so hot now that it burns my hair . If I put it on a lower settingthe air is just less forceful . The worst part is that I contacted the company and they did n't even respond . I will never buy anything from this company again .
 Over the past 2 years , I have purchased 4 different T3 blowdryers . I only dry my hair every other day and was expecting a much longer lifespan for this time of money . It did dry my hair quickly and left if shiny , so I kept returning to buy new ones when the prior would break down . This is ridiculous though ! I 'm done with t3 ... Off to find a higher quality product that will last more than 6 months !!
 After one week this brand new hair dryer stopped working on low , which is the speed I always use . How can I get it replaced without a hassel ? I really like this dryer when it is working properly .
 I had the T3 hairdryer for less than 4 weeks and it completely stopped working . This is my second T3 hairdryer . My first one lasted two years . It is disappointing since this was top rated in many magazines .
 After much urging from my wife , she bit the bullet and spent the extra money on this dryer . When it was working -LRB- little less than a year -RRB- , she was happy . When it stopped working , well , not so much . And it 's not as though you can repair these things . They have no user-serviceable parts , outside of the little grill that your wife 's hair accumulates in . Do n't buy the hype , and do n't buy this dryer . You can buy 8 or 9 hair dryers that will work just as well and cost less combined , and die off just as quickly , or maybe even not as quickly if you 're lucky . Why spend the extra money on something that does n't offer anything extra ?
 I purchased one of these hair dryers and I love what it does for my hair . The difference between the T3 and my Remington is a salon quality blow out and my worst hair day . Only problem , a year after I bought it , it quit working . I may have gotten a knockoff . Since I could n't register it , I 'm screwed on the warranty and have to buy a new one . I believe I probably got a defective one but for $ 50 more , buy one from Sephora where you can register it . It 's worth it !!!!
 First of all , this is the second hair dryer that I received from you and this one is not any better . I believe you are selling inferior or refurbished products . If that is the case , you have no right to sell a product that is coming off as brand new . Tourmaline refused to warranty this product because the tag that is attached to the cord indicating the bar code is missing . It was missing on the other hair dryer also . I now spent $ 129 on a dryer that hopefully wo n't break and if it does , it needs to be thrown out . I purchased as a gift for my daughter the `` original '' and spent the $ 180 for it . I know that is authentic and it dries the hair without any frizz . I ca n't say the same for this . I find this a tremendous disappointment and will never purchase from amazon.com again . I am appalled that you are passing old equipment as new .
 When I tried to register the item for warranty , I received a responce from manufacturer that they could not give me warranty because I purchased the item from uncertified seller -LRB- i.e. amazon.com -RRB- . Also , there was no tag with a serial number on the cord , as it was indicated in a note about warranty .
 BUYER BEWARE !!! Be sure to purchase this dryer from the AUTHORIZED DEALER ONLY . This product might be a bit more expensive however it will save you hours of headaches and many dollars if you need to return the dryer within what you THINK is the warrentee period . Only the authorized dealer will stand by the 48 month warrentee . The dryer I purchased from Amazon broke before one year of use , it was NOT from an AUTHORIZED DEALER . I had a extremely hard time getting it replacemented . I was shuffeled back and forth between Amazon and the seller that provided Amazon the dryer ; Glamor Beauty . After many heated hours on the phone with both parties , Amazon did send me what I think is a new dryer . It is not from an authorized dealer so I 'm not sure how long this one will last .
 This blowdryer is not worth the money ! I bought it less than a year ago and not only is the claim `` cut your blowdrying time in half '' a lie , -LRB- it takes me 1 hr and 15 minutes to blowdry my hair -RRB- , lately it has been blowing out cold air all of a sudden in the middle of my blowdrying session . Also , if you do n't purchase from an `` authorized dealer '' your warranty will not be honored . The t3 bespoke labs people do n't even have an official website ! This is a farce ! Do n't waste your time and money .
 i bought this for my wife . she thought that it would be better than her $ 20 hair dryer . she got it used it and put it up and went back using her $ 20 dryer . it says it cuts down on frezze but it made her hair more frezzy . so save your money and just by a cheaper one it will work the same or better .
 I bought this dryer for my wife birthday gift . she loved color , and shape , but most reason is my birthday gift . She was so happy , I remember it.You know , now after year , this is the most scared thing . When she uses it everyday , it comes out sparkles from inside . It is so dangerous.Such a exprensive item who can easily throw away.When I bought it , I read the description , it looked like amazon is authorized dealer or seller . I have no idea ... ? fix it or throw away.Now she complain `` how you spened that much money for this ? `` I am not good husband now.Think about my situation amazon associates and future buyer.Good luck !
 My husband purchased this dryer for me . within a couple of uses it stopped blowing hot air . He reminds me all the time how much money he spent and how it ca n't be used .
 If i could give negative stars , , i would , , honeslty , this is a piece of junk , , it dries you hair out , , not even close to the price you pay for it , , plus you CAN NOT return it , , so before you go and purchase it , , please make sure u find out if u can return it or you will be stuck with it . . I bought this thinking it was more expensive and would dry my hair soft and smooth , , but that is exactly what it DOESNT doo . . It dries you hair crazy frizzy that even after putting in tons of smootihng lotion , , it stays the same frizzy . . I would never recomend this to any one , , , I rather go to target and but Conair or some other cheaper hair dryer , , and i bet they would be better .
 I believed the wonderful hype about this dryer . Still , there was one nagging review that said the hair dryer was breaking her hair . I ignored it . I hope you wo n't . The dryer seemed to make my hair dull . I could live with that . But I started to watch my hair get `` frizzy . '' I have wavy hair , and I live in a dry climate ; no reason for frizz . But it was n't actually frizzy - it was actually all the broken ends frying into frizzle . I finally had to admit that the dryer was the problem and I went back to my nearly broken old dryer from 1995 . It will take a long time before my hair is grown out and the damage gone . Lots of nourishing hair products and lots of time . And I wasted so much money on a dryer that really hurt my hair . Too late for me , but if you have n't bought it yet , do n't do it .
 Very disappointed ! This dryer puts out little air and is so lame compared to my old Chi ! Also , please beware
 This hairdryer is lightweight , powerful and quiet as promised , however it completely died after less than a month . It seems like other reviewers had similar experiences . Therefore I would not recommend the product .
 I was going to order a T3 from Amazon but after reading the reviews that the manufacturer would not honor the warranty I ordered a Bio Ionic Whisper Light from Amazon for $ 173 . Works great and because my wife and daughter fight over it I bought another one . It has a 5 year warranty that WILL be honored . If T3 wants to loose out on Amazon sales by being jerks about the warranty , let them .
 Seemed to work OK at first although I did n't notice much improvment in speed of drying . It is lightweight and easy to handle -- but it is hotter than I 'm used to . After 6 months , my hair started to feel dry and had zero shine . My hair had always been very healthy and shiny before . My hair stylist noticed it and could n't figure out what was wrong . After about 9 months , I switched back to my old hairdryer and my hair was instantly healthy and shiny again . Maybe this hairdryer is good for some people but it was bad for me , and costly !
 I recently purchased the T3 Tourmaline II dryer and had great expectations . My hair came out exactly the same as with my cheapo hair dryer I bought for $ 19.99 . I would think after paying out $ 149 plus shipping for a blow dryer I would have noticed a difference . Nothing different . I expected my hair to come out with a salon look and I got the same flat hair no matter how much time I spent on styling my hair . I have short , layered hair and thought this dryer would add some volume but nothing changed . Luckily I have a 30 day return policy so I 'm sending it back for a refund . Save yourself the shipping cost and buy something else .
 I do n't see a difference between blowdryer and my $ 15 conair dryer . My hair did not dry any faster , and it is just as frizzy .
 I recently purchced 2 new hair dryers the T3 and Vidal Sasson Ionic hair dryer . The 2 work about the same except the T3 gets hotter . I would recomend not buy the T3 and go with the cheaper VS brand and it is MUCH cheaper .
 am in the market for a fabulous dryer for my natural african-american hair . I have heard rave reviews about the T3 , which my stylist uses . However , the concerns regarding whether the manufacturer will honor the warranty if you buy from Amazon turned me off . I noticed that there were mixed postings however on whether the manufacturer will or will not honor the warranty . So , after hunting around on Amazon , I realized that there are two manufacturers selling the T3 on Amazon , with a significant price difference
 A colleague bought one of these and raved about it . I borrowed it so my wife could try
 I ordered this hair dryer as a replacement because after 4 years , mine stopped getting hot . I was very excited when this hair dryer arrived before expected but so sad when I turned it on and had the same problem ... it did not get warm it all .
 This dryer will do a great job on your hair . It dries it quickly , while decreasing frizz and increasing shine . However , I have now had two of these dryers and each one died after a little over a year due to poor design . The way the cord enters into the dryer it is not stable and will constantly move around until the wires break and your dryer quits working . Needless to say , I will not buy a third one ... $ 400 down the drain in two years was quite enough !
 I bought this hair dryer after doing a ton of research and thought it would be a good investment . When I first started using it , it worked great . I was amazed at how quickly it dried my hair and how shiny it looked afterwards . I have naturally curly hair and prefer it straight so I used this to dry it straight -LRB- along with a round brush -RRB- and it did the job amazingly well.Well I had this for a little over a year when all of a sudden one day it started shooting out some sparks . I could n't believe it . I turned it on another day just to see if it even turned on and it did but you could see the coils in it started to get red and then shoot out some sparks . This was n't even overused or anything . In fact since I was pregnant at the time I bought it , I had a hard time standing up for too long so I only used it once or twice a week . After that little use it was already not working properly in just over a year . In fact , for about 4 months out of that first year , I did n't even use it right after I had my son . That was way too short of a time and too much money spent on an item that was n't working properly.I am very diasspointed with this and will NEVER buy anything by this company ever again.If you need a good hairdryer , look elsewhere . I 'm just glad and lucky that the sparks did n't land on my hair and cause a fire or anything .
 Strangely , the company does not recognize the bar code . Hence they refuse to warranty the product . I think that we paid a high price for a knock-off . I am not pleased with amazon.com .
 My experiences with this hairdryer and this company are X4 . I purchased two sets of two hair dryers for my daughters for Christmas . Each set had a travel size and a full size hair dryer . They were $ 200 . + for each set . At the time I made this purchase , reviews were pretty good and the warranty for each hair dryer was for 4 years . Within 6 months , both travel size dryers were no longer working . They smelled of burning wires , and were VERY HOT ! The company REFUSED to replace them , saying they no longer made this particular model . Before the end of the 1st year , one of the regular size dryers had gone bad as well -LRB- same hot , burning smell -RRB- , and the other before 15 months was up . Comapny would n't return a phone call or answer an email . I tried many times for 3 months , finally giving up and calling the seller -LRB- QVC -RRB- . I really did n't expect them to do anything after 15 months , -LRB- and they did n't -RRB- , but I wanted to warn them about the company not standing behind the warranty that they used in their sales pitch . They are still selling them , so this warning is for potential buyers from anywhere . DO N'T BUY T3 brand products !!!
 The dryer broke after 3 months and the company wo n't honor the warranty because Amazon is not an authorized seller . But the company told me that for a mere `` 54.95 '' they will bend the rules replace it for me . Steer clear .
 After being swayed by the reveiws here and getting wise to the warranty situation , I made a point of purchasing this product in a nearby beauty supply store who is an authorized seller and thought I was getting a bargain at $ 125 . I bought it in the hopes of taming the huge , round , coarse frizzball sitting on my head.Let me note for the skeptical that the product was brand new , unopened in the box and in obvious mint condition . It is an authentic T3 hairdryer . Yes , it dried faster , but left a noticeably dull , dry finish and seemed to strip my hair of it lustre . Not only that but I could n't get the ends of my hair to lie straight after they had already shriveled up in the fast drying process , and the more I struggled with the ends the more flyaway my hair became . And it appears to be MORE voluminous than ever - bigger and puffier and with the same amount of frizz , only duller looking.I immediately plugged it out and plugged in my old , falling apart Babyliss Carerra -LRB- non-ionic -RRB- dryer and afer a few minutes managed to get the ends straight and see some lustre return . I agree completely with the reviewer who made the comment about losing the healthy shine.I only hope I can get my money back . I will certainly try.UPDATE - Comparison of T3 Tourmaline to less expensive Babyliss ProTTthough I could n't get my money back , I exchanged the T3 for a Babyliss ProTT 3000 Tourmaline dryer -LRB- I 'd have stayed away from Tourmaline ionic infrared labels but apparently it 's all the rage and very difficult to find a nice lowtech one that does n't incorporate this technology -RRB- . Like the T3 , the Babyliss is also really lightweight , dries as fast or faster than the T3 , and has the added benefit of more heat settings - including medium , low , and high , as well as a cool shot , whereas the T3 only offers a high heat and low heat . The Babyliss has 1900 watts and the T3 has 1800 . There are various models of the Bablyiss tourmaline , but this model was at the lower end of the price range at $ 89 , and you can get it on Amazon for about $ 20 less.It is for the above reasons and others I 'm about to detail that it is a superior product to the T3 . Not only does it cost much less but the Babyliss gave my hair a soft , lustrous , shiny smooth sheen and healthy texture , and did not leave it looking dried out and fried as the T3 did.That said , I still experienced the same problem w/the Babyliss as with the T3 - it gives too much volume to my short , thick choppy layered hair and does n't allow me to straighten it at any heat setting . What I saved in drying time -LRB- easily fifteen minutes without sweating and straining my arm -RRB- I paid for dearly in styling time to try to get the full balloon-y volume to calm down and get the ends to lay flat.In sum , I would strongly recommend saving your money on the T3 and buying the Babyliss if you want to see not merely identical but significantly improved functionality and performance over the more expensive T3 dryer . Yet I would still be less likely to recommend this or any other tourmaline-infused infrared dryer for people with very thick , voluminous hair that they want to take the poof out of and make straight , as that will likely not happen with this or similar units . As a final but very significant note on performance - the Babyliss toned down my frizz -LRB- and it 's a very rainy day today -RRB- by nearly 100 percent ! Also I noticed very few dry flyaways as compared to the T3.In sum , the Babyliss ProTT is an excellent product , a much better choice than the T3 . It is more economical , offers greater functionality and superior performance .
 I like the product . However , having purchased it from Amazon.com , T3 will not allow me to register my product for future warranty because they claim Amazon.com is not an authorized dealer . For such an expensive every day product , a warranty would be nice to have in case anything were to go wrong . I received an email from T3 and a call back both confirming that they do not consider Amazon.com an authorized dealer . When I called Amazon , they had never heard of such a thing . Amazon.com offered to exchange my featherweight tourmaline dryer with another but that did not resolve my issue . I can not get my T3 Tourmaline Featherweight 83808 hair dryer covered by T3 's warranty because it was purchased through Amazon.com .
 I recently purchased this item with great hopes . It is a good hairdryer BUT ... imagine my surprise when T3 Micro Inc. refused to honor the warranty because I purchased this item from amazon.com . Their response to me and I quote ... `` We cannont guarantee the authenticity of this item and our generous warranty would not be viable if if we could n't verify the shipping and handing of our products . Damage can be incurred as these items pass through many hands . To protect ourselves and our customers , we want a direct line from our factory to our distributor -LRB- amazon is not approved evidently -RRB- . '' Stephen Gwin , T3Micro Inc. steve@t3tourmaline.com '' This thing goes on to suggest that Amazon should guarantee their product !! I think that paying $ 150 for a hairdryer and then being told that amazon.com is not an acceptable vendor of their product is absurd . Why are their products being sold on a reputable website such as Amazon if they will not guarantee them . This is completely unacceptable . I am angry at this company and will NEVER PURCHASE FROM THEM AGAIN . I also have been letting all my girlfriends and collegues know about this situation so they do n't make the same mistake . LET THE BUYER BEWARE !!!
 I had been lusting after a T3 forever because of all the rave reviews and finally got one for Christmas . I 'm really sad to say that I 'm disappointed and am going back to my ionic hairdryer from Sharper Image.To be fair , the glowing remarks about the T3 are written by people with wavy hair that tends to frizz . My hair is long , straight , and shiny , and I blow dry every day for volume . After using it , my hair was shiny , but very limp . I 've given up after several tries.The T3 is light , quiet , and looks nice , but I agree with another reviewer regarding the design . When I use it , I tend to knock the switch into the `` off '' position because it 's right where I grip the handle . Also , the air flow feels very weak to me , which is not really what I need when I 'm trying to volumize.I 'm sure this is great product for some people , but if you have straight hair , you should save the $ 150 -LRB- or save someone else the money -RRB- .
 This dryer is only 1800 watts - I am sorry I did n't read closer , if the wattage was noted , and purchase a more high-powered dryer . I did n't return this one because I discarded everything before realizing it.Mary in VA
 I agree with another user : Seemed to work OK at first although I did n't notice much improvment in speed of drying . It is lightweight and easy to handle -- but it is hotter than I 'm used to . After 6 months , my hair started to feel dry and had zero shine . My hair had always been very healthy and shiny before . My hair stylist noticed it and could n't figure out what was wrong . After about 9 months , I switched back to my old hairdryer and my hair was instantly healthy and shiny again . Maybe this hairdryer is good for some people but it was bad for me , and costly!This comment above sums it up for me as well . In the beginning you notice the shine which was great but after a few months I started to notice that my hair was losing it 's shine and bounce . I now went back to my old blow dryer that I had in storage and my hair is bouncy again and the shine is coming back slowly but surely . I believe this blow dryer does n't work for all hair types . My hair is semi curly.Darlene
 Very disappointed . Left my face greasy & I do n't have oily skin . Could n't return so out of the money . Its not inexpensive either .
 I was disappointed with this model . I used my friend 's wet TO dry and it was fantastic . I ordered the wet OR dry because of the decrease in price from $ 200 to $ 129 . But I should have known better -LRB- there 's a reason for the decrease in price -RRB- It does not work as well as the wet to dry - at all . It snagged my hair and did n't eliminate frizz - Any $ 20 flat iron would work just the same . However , I did exchange it for the medium Duality model and the difference is amazing . Much better !!
 Do not buy this iron . It 's fabulous while it works , for which it does merit the one star . But it broke in less than a week . It overheated , or something , and then would n't turn on again . But here 's the kicker
 However , after using for 10 minutes it automatically shuts off and would not come back on . Straightened and dried my hair beautiful but spend the extra money at Sephora because everyone is getting bad irons from Amazon . It is really sad that no one can get one that is worth what you pay . So if you have had good luck with one so far , be glad because I paid for the 2 day shipping could n't wait , and have GREAT disappointment because now I have to return it !
 I have very thick , very coarse , wavy hair . When my two year old CHI straightening iron broke , I needed to replace it quickly ! Locally the only iron I could find was the T3 Tourmaline iron , so I thought I 'd give it a try . It cost more than the CHI , was sold at a fancy salon , and could even be used on damp hair . Surely it would be a good replacement.Unfortunately , it failed to impress.-It did not leave my hair silky smooth . While my hair was certainly straighter , it still looked coarse . -LRB- This was on the hottest setting and with several passes over the hair -RRB- - Because my hair is so thick , an iron needs to reduce the volume . The T3 failed in this respect , too.-I thought I would like the larger -LRB- almost 2 '' -RRB- iron surface . The T3 has a perfectly flat surface , which made it impossible to get a flip or curl on the ends.Needless to say , I returned it quickly to the pricey salon and will be getting another CHI ! Perhaps this brand would work better for someone with fine hair , since the temperature can be adjusted .
 I am about to return my third wet/dry iron ! First one did n't work to start with . Second worked for a couple of months and got less hot as time went on - also kept turning itself off until it spent more time off than on . I got a third one a couple of days ago and during the first use last night - surprise - it stopped after 5 minutes and does not work at all now!It 's going back for good to Sephora -LRB- thanks to them for being so helpful -RRB- I 'm changing brands . I only used it on dry hair too - the one time I used it on wet hair , it steamed a lot and promptly turned itself off ! $ 200 does not buy reliability even if it was good on the infrequent times it did work.I do have the T3 hairdrier - that at least seems to be problem free .
 I have nothing positive to say about this iron . 1 . My hair got caught a few times between the plates . 2 . My hair is n't that wavy , should be easy to straighten , however it took me about half an hour with dry hair to get it a bit straight @ 250 degrees . I tried my friend 's CHI and it did a much better job .
 This product eliminated one step . However , the one step took as long to do as two steps .
 i sent it back after trying it out once . i found it to be of poor quality -LRB- especially since it is so expensive -RRB- . hair gets caught under the plates -LRB- edges -RRB- and rips/snags the hair . it makes noise as the plates touch . plus , damp hair sizzles , so not any different than a regular flat iron . i just purchased a solia flat iron which i found to be much better , and cheaper .
 I purchased this iron a few years ago because I had heard great things . I 'm black with relaxer , but I do n't relax my hair bone-straight -LRB- it 's more texlaxed -RRB- . So when my hair is wet , it 's still curly.I am afraid to use it on wet hair , but I have used it on dry hair . And it did nothing but literally FLATTEN my curl . It was still wavy , but just flat . I looked like Flat Stanley 's long lost black sister.I ended up giving this iron away to my sister and sticking with my Chi Turbo .
 I purchased this product after alot of research , I found that this was the best deal on a T3.When I got this product I could n't wait to use it !! I plugged it up , waited for it to heat up then I began the long awaited process of straightening my natural curly hair.After about 5 minutes of straightening I noticed it was n't working quite as well as before.The unit had shut off !! I unplugged it , let it cool off and tried again.The straightener would n't even come on !! Needless to say , I sent it back , and my hair is still curly !!
 I purchased a T3 Tourmaline Wet Dry product 4 years ago and it finally broke , so I thought I was buying the same product . The picture advertised at Amazon.com is exactly like the iron I originally had . It was metalic and had heft to it . However , the iron I received is cheap plastic . It does n't look anything like the picture advertised on the website . In the slightest humidity , my hair gets frizzy and begins to unstraighten . This iron takes much longer to straighten my hair and it does n't make my hair shiney . Very disappointed !
 Okay , I 'm not impressed with this products lack in ability to help rid my face of its redness ! I have mild rosacea and thought this product would help reduce the redness , but it did get rid of the redness at all . This product is expensive and it did n't work for me . I thought it was pretty drying and stripped my skin of oils . I 'm just happy it did n't irritate my skin by making more red .
 I have sensitive skin that is prone to redness . This product had the opposite effect to what it 's meant to achieve . It dried out my skin , made it taut , and the redness became even more noticeable . I 'm afraid I ca n't recommend this product .
 I have used almost one bottle but I have not seen skin lifting result but it does give lots moisture which is not what I aim for ...
 I did n't see any different , I used it every night untill it was finish . I would not buy this product again .
 I bought HairMax laser comb about 3 years ago , and used it consistently as indicated by the manufacturer since the day I got it.Recently I started noticing a numbing sensation and some tingling on the left side of my face , near the brow , the cheekbone and chin . The tingling gradually got worse and persistent . I approached a neurologist who recommended I stop using the laser comb . A couple of week after I stopped using it , the tingling got considerably less , and then disappeared completely.Being an optimist , I thought maybe it was just a coincidence , and resumed using the comb . After the first night , I experienced facial tingling all over again . Then the following day it got better . I used the comb again 3 days later , and tingling returned again with considerable force.This may be just one person 's observation , but do beware of the affect of laser on your tri-geminal nerve . If that nerve is damaged , it is irreparable and may cause terrible pains .
 This product has only `` one laser diode '' split in 9 beams through a plastic mirror , in other words , the efficacy of this device is diminished by having this kind of disposition.The Hairmax is using diffuse light principle to regrow hair and by doing this you are working with unfocused energy , this energy is weaker . In this case you can solve this problem when you choose a device with `` multiple diodes instead of one diode '' reflecting many laser beams.Just in case , I used the Hairmax Premium for 16 months ... My best regards , Mr. Martorella .
 I received this opened , in a box but there was no plastic seal . I thought it was supposed to be new ?!
 This is almost like a body spray , the scent disappears within an hour or so . I would n't purchase it again .
 My husband purchased this for me as an anniversary gift . I love this perfume , and for about a month it was great . Then I noticed it had turned yellowish , and smelled strange . We had Amazon send us a new bottle , only to have the same thing happen , but this time within two weeks . Perhaps Amazon 's perfume has been in storage for a very long time , and is no longer good ? I would definitely not recommend purchasing this perfume from Amazon .
 I ordered the large size Happy fragrance by Clinique . This is not the first time I order this product online , but this time I 'm far from being satisfied with it . It arrived in what seems to be the original box , unopened , however the product itself does not smell like the original . The sent resembles the original Happy fragrance , but does not smell exactly like it . Missing all the nice citrus notes . I also received a Happy miniature from a different vendor in the same order , which smells like it suppose to , but the large size is a far cry from it . I 've been using Happy ever since it came out in 1998 , and this is the first time I had a product that did n't meet the standard . Its disappointing . I should 've returned it if I was n't so busy lately . Now I 'm just using it as is , but not `` Happily '' .
 I bought this perfume for a friend of mine this year . She compared it with her old stock perfume with exactly the same type/brand . Our first impression was the same , this item is an imitation .
 I have used this product before for many years , I got this new bottle and it has to be a copy has no smell , no matter how much I put on does not smell . Original last for hours and it smells great ! not happy with Happy by Clinique , which I could return , a waste of money !!!!
 I just received my large bottle of Happy , which DID show up on time and in great shipping condition . But , when I opened the package up to enjoy the fresh-floral , citrusy bouquet ... it was NOT the wonderful fragrance I was used to . I have been wearing Happy for almost 10 years . But this bottle had to be either very old , or not stored at reasonable temperatures because the aroma that came off of my wrist was NOT pleasing in any way . It may be a problem with LARGE bottles of Happy . Perhaps people do not order them as often so they sit on a shelf for too long . I did call Amazon and they will be crediting my card in 2-3 business days . As always they provided good customer service . Just sad that I can not wear my Happy . Also , you can NOT return this item , here is the message you get if you try . `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federal regulations . Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste . `` So the only options are to have them send a replacement , which might have the same problem , or get a refund .
 I have no idea what the heck is in this but its a wonderful scent at first then the dry down bottom notes turn gastly againt the wearer ! My husband even noticed this ... he rarely says anything about what perfume I ware becasue he pretty much loves everything I ware but this wonderful scent has a hidden enemy in it almost like Tom Fords Black Orchid-its a love hate relationship ! Maybe the enemy does not attack all warers but it did me and I never wore this again because of that . At first this scent is the most gorgous smell ive ever smelled , than after that , run for cover .
 I have many curling irons , but I was looking for one made of tourmaline . This got good reviews on here and other websites , but the grip is so loose that it wo n't give good curls . SUCKS !!!
 This is a big disappointment . It leaks everywhere and does n't spray . I would n't recommend it to anyone . I would n't give it any rating at all except `` poor . ''
 I 've been wearing this scent almost every day since it first came out in 1993 . I could n't know it any better.This bottle started to smell ` off ' after just a short time , like it must have been old to begin with.Very unhappy , will not purchase here again .
 I purchased this product because it SAID it was jean Paul Gaultier . This is not what it is . They shipped me CLASSIQUE by Jean Paul . When I phoned in the mistake they told me to send it back and they would correct it . The 2nd one came and it was still CLASSIQUE . I returned the 2nd one and asked for my money to be refunded . I also told them to correct this ad . Amazon said they would . That was 2 months ago and it is still listing the incorrect product.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS DISTRIBUTOR . THEY FALSLY ADVERTISE .
 I 've bought this perfume before at T.J. Maxx and it was quitea bit more potent than this bottle . That 's really disappointing consideringthe cost . : -LRB-
 I bought this perfume as a gift . It was a shame because when my friend opened the box , the bottle was almost empty .
 I bought this perfum as a gift for my sister . She lives in Brazil , so I was there and finaly could give her perfums.Unfortunately she was not happy with the perfums , because they do n't have the same smell and she thinks they are not original because they do n't smell the same as the other one she already has . I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 This did nothing to bleach , lighten or anything that I was looking for it to do . It was a waste of my money .
 I have n't tried this product but i did many researches on different bleaching creams and this product can be dangerous . It contains Hydroquinone which can cause skin cancer . It also was banned from other countries .
 It started to work it seemed and peel skin . . then it stopped working . . It do n't recommend this product at all ... to me it does not work !!
 I have been using this for over 3 months and it has literally done nothing for me . At least nothing I notice . I have horrendous dark spots left over covering both of my cheeks from years of cystic acne . As an African American these spots are nearly black on my brown skin . Embarrassing ! I have used other over the counter products that literally worked what seems like over night . My mistake was that I continued to pop pimples making more scars -LRB- I know young and dumb -RRB- . Overall this product did not work at all for me .
 being a Japanese , maybe mt skin is too dark . I used it for 3 months , no improvement .
 Ca n't commend on the item purchased as 2 bottles of different cologne was wrongly sent to Malaysia where I live . What was more unpleasant was the level of customer service accorded by Sams OnLine throughout the 2 months to address the matter . Yes , 2 months to communicate and to work out items wrongly sent by them . I was prepared to mail back the wrong items by paying overseas postage first in exchange for the correct items . Which meant that my total purchase costs will increase . When I suggested the revised product be of a higher value to compensate for cost of returned postage , I was asked to limit the revised product to USD30 each which means that they value the postage as USD8 -LRB- the original product paid was USD26 -RRB- . The overseas postage is definitely more than USD8 unless it 's by boat . For all the inconvenience caused by Sam Online 's careless staff , I had to pay more . Their level of customer service is definitely below average . The irony is that their automated email reply mentioned they value customer patronage and comments and they will get back to you soonest possible . All lip service only .
 Hair headband elastic broke the very first time I wore it within ten minutes , and could not be fixed . Amazon seller did refund purchase price when I complained , but requested I return it at my own expense and retract my feedback . He called me to say he was `` just a store '' and not really responsible for the product 's quality . Personally I would n't sell what I could n't guarantee to be at least useable more than once . I lost the rather large shipping charge I had paid , of course , as that was not refundable by the seller and then also had to foot the bill to return it . The Tony-Tail company should be ashamed of making something so junky and poorly made . Must be designed and intended for pin heads , I guess . If you have a tiny , tiny head I guess it might be useable , but not for average sized heads as it comes apart too easily where the hair is glued to the elastic . I would have rated it a zero or even a minus one , if I could .
 When I started breastfeeding when my baby was born , I had a lot of pain like many new mothers do . My nipples were extremely sore , dry , cracked , etc. . I had used other disposable ` gel pads ' , but could n't find the kind I liked . I purchased these cure pads in hopes they would provide relief for a while -LRB- since they were reusable supposedly -RRB- . The first day I used them they worked fine and provided some comfort with the soothing gel surface . However , by the middle of the night on the first day I wore them , they started to bubble and become mis-shapen -LRB- I assume from the moisture of my leaking milk -RRB- . The package had said to discard them when they became spongy but they were already spongy after less than 24 hours of use ! I do not consider this `` resuable '' if you ca n't even get a day 's worth of use out of them . I read all of the packaging for this item , but the estimated life expectancy of the pads was conveniently left out . I called Medela and asked about this item , and how long they were supposed to last . I was told 3-4 days ! I ca n't believe that 's all the longer they are supposed to last for $ 14.99 ! What a rip-off ! I kept using them for a little while but probably was n't supposed to and they did n't even look sanitary after the bubbling . The gel also turned from clear to a milky yellow which did n't look sanitary , either . As you can tell , I would NOT recommend this item . Hopefully if you need something like this , you can find something less expensive and with a longer life expectancy . They should actually refer to these as ` disposable ' and put more in the package for the same price .
 I purchased this based on other reviews . It has a soft floral smell not too strong which is nice , but I am not pleased with this purchase for these reasons
 I really like the smell of lemon pledge but in my mind , I have it associated with polishing wooden furniture . The first time I used this shampoo , the smell really bothered me . I have n't gotten used to the smell since my first use . I do n't feel like it cleans particularly well either . And for the price that 's being charged , it should do SOMETHING well ...
 Smells horrible , the packaging looked jacked up when it came in and it does n't last ... even if it could last the smell alone makes you want to take it off !
 I bought this mostly to condition and strengthen my thinning lashes . . Since it is also a tint , that was a plus . . I have tried tints before , and really had no opinion one way or the other . . they are what they are , and they are definitely not like a mascara . . The thing I did not like about this particular one , was that it is very liquid , and runs and smears . . I tried it twice , and had it all over my eyes . . kind of a waste of time , money and product . .
 Was n't worth the money . Terribly disappointed that it did n't perform as indicated . It was just like any other mascara . Would n't recommend .
 what a waste . i got it tried it and didnt do anything for my eyelashes . i read up on it before i bought it was so sure it would work . . disappointed !!
 I bought this because I was sick of regular Mascara 's leaving little dried up broken bits all over my cheeks . So I thought a lash `` tint '' would be great.However , I can put this on , and on and on , and on ... which I do ... . and it never shows up . It is completely invisible . Seems to be a very light brown . It is much like the `` clear '' mascara 's that , unbelievably , some people buy.If you have long lush lashes in the first place , this might be a viable option as it will BARELY add a HINT of color , and I mean BARELY ... and no , it does not leave little pieces on your cheeks.You can wipe the brush on your finger , and yes , it looks dark ... however , you can not transfer it to your lashes . It has no `` stickiness '' needed to make it transfer from the brush to your lashes . The human eye can not even tell there is anything on the lashes . That 's the thing right there ... the `` formula '' is more of a `` conditioner '' and your lashes will be soft and smooth , therefore no dried up pieces to fall . However , the soft and smooth conditioner also is incapable of showing up on your lashes.So it was a good premise , but fails.When I look in my 10X magnifying mirror , I can see that the lashes have some perceptible color to them . But it does no good when it 's not apparent to the unaided human eye.If you have short invisible lashes in the first place , like I do , they will remain that way with this product.It 's a joke for $ 16.95 .
 This mascara provided average coverage on my lashes that was neither lengthening nor volume enhancing . The smell of the product was off and slightly unpleasant . I doubt I will buy this product again , and may be hesitant to buy this Lamas brand again .
 The product arrived on time but the cap is broken and some of the liquid inside are watery in consistency . Maybe the product is old ?
 Revlon Age Defying Makeup with Botafirm ... I had orded 5 bottles and had a confirmed order number for the 5 bottles and an email the 5 bottles had been shipped . Then I got an email saying 4 bottles would be credited to my account because they could n't send them ?????? what 's up with that ?
 I tried this foundation because I found I can only use the higher end stuff like L'Oreal and Revlon since I have very sensitive skin and early onset rosacea . I can not use anything that has skin clearing ingredients such as salicylic acid or benzoyl peroxide as they actually cause my face to break out from the harsh ingredients.I initially liked this makeup because it created a dewy , healthy-looking complexion and stayed on for a good amount of time . Now , I 'm suffering from contact dermatitis and I was trying to figure out why . I thought it was my eyeshadow since I have a rash on my eyelid , but I 've been using the same shadow for over a year with no problems . Then I realized that the newest things in my routine were the foundation and my moisturizer . I was unable to read the label very well as the print is very small in the store , but I figured that I could n't go wrong with Revlon . My mom highly recommends them as she used to work for the company . However , after reading the ingredients on another website , I discovered that Revlon is adding salicylic acid to this foundation and that is what is causing my breakout.I will not be purchasing any more of this makeup or any other from Revlon unless I am absolutely sure it is irritant-free .
 I ordered this item and it arrived damaged . I had to write 2 emails until I received a response . The second got me a response that said they will send a new bottle . After 2 weeks , no nailpolish . I contacted them again but no word . I had to file a claim through Amazon . Amazon contacted them and they issued a refund . Not worth the effort , better suppliers I 'm sure exist .
 I 've worn this product since it 's conception and was always quite satisfied until now . The bottle I received was shelf worn with little fragrance . I should have sent it back instead of pitching it into the trash .
 i want to love this stuff , it gave me a great tan , but it also gives me a bad heat rash every time i use it . i 'm not a dermatologist , but i think the cause is clogged sweat glands . i used it two years ago , got a bad heat rash , tried it again this summer , and the same thing happened .
 All it smells like is alcohol , not even a sweet after scent or anything . I do not recommend this at all .
 Not like Code at all . Barely noticeable even when spraying for the first time . I just wo n't reorder this again .
 I received this in my newspaper this morning . I opened it up and it smells very womanly . I could not believe it is a mens scent ! It smells similar to CK One a female relative of mine wears . The Roca Wear X cologne I bought on a whim recently smells exactly like this Armani Code . If you want something quite manly Drakkar Noir or Lacoste are still good choices .
 Guys , remember
 I bought the 3.4 ounce Emporio armani perfume for women by georgio armani . However - it smelled like rubbing alcohol when I got it . The bottle was identical but there was no serial number like the real Emporio has on the bottom . Also , the bottom of the bottle had glue sticking out from it like someone opened the bottle , refilled it with something else and glued it back shut . I have worn this fragrance my whole life and this is definitely fake - probably right from China - beware ! I went to post a review about this but suddenly the product disappeared from this sellers collection of perfumes !!! I got a refund ... but lost S+H charges ... DONT waste your time or money !!!!
 I have bought Armani colognes from department stores in the past and they were all great . The scent stayed on for the entire day after you wore the cologne in the morning.I bought Armani Code and a couple of other colognes from Amazon and they all seemed to be watered down . I noticed the difference immediately after wearing them and the smell did n't last for even a couple of hours . I wo n't buy colognes from Amazon and rather stick with department stores such as Macy 's .
 The box had white strips in it , the barcode was taped over and the bottle smells like aftershave . All around a true fake . Do n't bother .
 I have never tried an Armani product before , but when a couple of friends at work wore this perfume , I had to buy one . I take special interest in the way I smell and thought this would be worth it . Inspite of being suggested to buy at another online store I bought it here . I am sorry to say this seems to be an aftermarket/duplicate version that I received . It has no top , bottom or middle notes . It does n't stay at all . I never bothered to return this . But be careful
 To my surprise I received a cheap copy of the fragrance CODE from Armani . I got suspiscious when I unpacked because the plastic was thicker than usual . I then opened the box , which smelled strong and weird . It had linked in the box . Looking at the bottle and its cap I realized that the bottle and the cap were all scratched . Also , the word `` CODE '' was not written in pure white , it was more like a beige , which is usually a sign of copied product . A bit despaired , I took the bottle to a parfum shop to compare the odor with another CODE . It was obviously different!I then wrote to the Amazon and the seller who wrote me back quickly and were very sorry about my bad luck . The seller asked me to send the bottle back and promised a full refund . He will works it out with his supplier.I know many people are happy with their purchase -LRB- that 's why I decided to give internet a try -RRB- , I guessed I was just unlucky ?!
 Armani Code By Giorgio Armani For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 2.5 Ounces perfume disappointed me . It is not strong and its odor last for a short time . It is the worst I have .
 This is not the real cologne , it 's a knockoff from China . I know because I have the real stuff from Arman -LRB- and about 30 bottles of other real colognes -RRB- . I gave this as a present to my brother for Christmas . When he opened it , it was leaking everywhere , the top was faded , and the box itself had Chinese markings on the inside lining where the glue previously held the box together -LRB- but had opened due to the leaky bottle -RRB- . The lettering was also a dead giveaway . It was glued on and crooked , like some kid assembled it.DO NOT BUY from this person . Fake cologne knock off .
 Smells great but the first time it shipped I received the wrong product . The second time it came it was leaking , but at least my gym bag does n't smell like sweaty socks anymore . I highly recommend the product just next time I will be buying it from a store nearby .
 Very unhappy with this Amazon purchase ! I was sent the women 's Mania by Giorgio Armani when I ordered the MEN 'S !!!! After receiving it I was stuck ... can not be returned and I do n't care for the sent so I will not be wearing it . This was a waste of my time and money . If getting the wrong product does n't make you mad enough I could not even post this without giving it at least 1 star ... I give it NO STARS
 I just bought this yesterday through amazon , I am not sure if this is original or not , but it just smells like after shave lotion and dosent last long . Package and other things are all fine.Dont buy this if you are looking for some thing special.Dont buy this if you dont want to waste your money.A cheap after shave lotion smells better than this .
 When i received it , it was broken . The box of parfume was wet . I lost some amount of it .
 fake cologne , i checked in the store and the real bottle has a white text imprinted on the back of the bottle . This one does NOT . Also , fragrance does NOT hold up for too long .
 Half-strength at best . Some is cheating . I 've been using this product for years and the last one I bought `` stinks ! '' -LRB- pun intended . -RRB- It 's all alcohol and no fragrance - someone is diluting the fragrance and charging too much for a bogus product . I wo n't buy this from anyone but a dept. store now .
 I read the good reviews about this cologne and decided to get it for my husband as a gift . I never smelled the scent , so I was taking a chance . After wearing it , he smelled like sweet cooking spice . We thought maybe the smell would die down , so he went to work with it on . He said that people kept asking who was wearing cinnamon scented cologne while he was there . He knew it was him , but he did n't say anything ... LOL ! I do n't like it because of the constant smell of cinnamon spice which reminds me of strong Big Red gum . I kept getting queasy , so we just decided to throw it away . Maybe his body chemistry just did n't go with it . Overall , If you like the smell of pumpkin pies on your skin , then I would suggest this . If not , do not buy this scent . And from now on when it comes to scents , I will have to sniff before buying .
 The plastic head was broken , even the smell it does n't seem it is the original , I will not buy from them again , I still have it on the table , did n't use it .
 I bought two bottles because I thougth women will be crazy about the smell . Why would I think that way ? Reviews from all over the web . Nobody ever asked me what I am wearing when I used it . Nevertheless , the jet black bottles are cool to look at .
 Its fake , do not buy !!! You can not return this product once you receive it.I have been using armani code for years and as soon as i opened the box , i realized this was fake , not genuine product.Scent is awful and when i contacted seller about this , they did nothing.Now i am left with garbage product , dont waste your money .
 Your title says that `` Mens Designer Cologne by Giorgio Armani , -LRB- BLACK CODE EAU DE TOILETTE SPRAY 4.2 oz + On Sale -RRB- - @Up To 55 % Off '' but the price is 58 dollars . Since a regular price at a retail is around $ 85 , you discounted the price by 35 % . Let me know when the price will be dropped down by 55 % ; otherwise , why waste everyone 's time and give a false information ? Are you hoping that people wo n't do the math and notice ?
 Was so disappointed ! Gave it to my boyfriend for Christmas . Noticed that when he would use it , the smell would disappear quickly . I would definitely say , that this product was not the real stuff . I would buy at the store from now on .
 I ordered from Amazon LLC after reading negative reviews from third party sellers.For starters , the package had clearly been opened and resealed.The cologne reeks of rubbing alcohol , with absolutely NO other scents.Don ' t make the mistake I did , spend the extra $ and go to a dept store !!! Unless of course you 're in the market for a $ 60 bottle of rubbing alcohol .
 I purchased the 3.4 oz bottle . This is NOT armani mania . The packaging all looks good , the bottle looks good . But what is inside is a product that smells kinda of similar to Armani Mania but it is watered down and alcohol smelling . This item is either 1 -RRB- a fake rip off or 2 -RRB- opened some how and then deluded with alcohol.Either way this is a complete scam and a ripoff
 After reading other reviews on this product , I believe that something is wrong with mine as well . This is not the Armani Mania I remember . The smell is way off and the product does not last . Maybe there is a storage problem or something . I would hope that this is not intentional . Waste of money for me .
 HORRIBLE !!!!!! It is not the real thing . I am shocked that they can sell this on Amazon . I am honestly reconsidering ordering anything from here . It looked legit , but once my husband opened the bootleg product he realized that the word CODE was stickers that came right off . It does n't even smell like it . . I am furious . DO NOT PURCHASE this product unless you have tons of $ and just like giving money away to crooks .
 I know what Code smells like , and what I got was notan authentic bottle of Armani Code . Please beware ofthis dishonest seller.The packaging is real enough , but the product is phony .
 This product gave me bumps on the back of my head . They feel like pimples and I dont have acne .
 My bottle never arrived and the seller never compensated me for that , Amazon did though . I did reorder the cologne by another seller and it is very nice , but this seller did not want to help after receiving the payment . I think however it was a handeling problem or maybe someone took it from my front steps , any case the package was not to be left on the steps , do n't know who said it if it was supposed to be left on the steps , but the seller did not want to help find out what went wrong with one of there customers . and thats not good ... So i 'm happy with this same product that I got from a different seller but unhappy with what happened in the deal with this seller . They did give me a 10 % discount card on my next purchase which is like a band aid for a gunshot wound ... you guys are real funny at Mont Blanc . Step up your customer service because the product is very nice .
 I bought a sample of this product , when the Product arrived the little sample bottle was half empty . This must of been a `` knockoff '' because it smelled horrible and was almost empty . It 's scary that people can actually put any liquid into this bottle and charge full price for it .
 I think `` Montblanc Presence by Montblanc for Men 0.17 oz '' is a sample , because the outside printed `` FREE SAMPLE / NOT FOR SALE '' ... So , is it legal that you guys sell the samples on line ?
 This bottle that i purchased only smells good when you spray it that 's all . It does n't last longer than that . That split second that you spray it that 's all . That 's how long the smell last . It 's really discouraging cuz I really love this perfume . I 've had it many times before . But this purchase was the worst . I guess I should 've gone to Macy 's or sephora
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 Placed an order for this item TWICE . First time I received the Club Med for MEN . Was disappointed but gave it away to someone I thought would appreciate it . Went ahead and ordered a second time ! This time I received something I did not even order ; a Tenth Edition Law & Business Casebook entitled `` Cases and Materials on Torts '' . What 's a Tort?Anyway , I would like a refund or what I actually ordered delivered . Thank you .
 It is good conditioner , however , in the shower it smell unpleasant . You ca n't smell it throughout the day though .
 Ordered the Artec Kiwi Manipulating Wax - spray cap had lipstick on it like someone was trying to bite the cap off . Completely disgusting ! Product is great - seller sucks . Will never , never ever buy anything from them again .
 My husband purchased this for me when my supply was no longer available from my hairdresser . I was very surprised to find that the formula has been changed - it does n't have the wonderful smell I liked -LRB- which was one reason I wanted more -RRB- . I 'm not sure , now , if I will use this - if they 've changed one thing perhaps they 've changed other things about it , too .
 I like the rose aroma very much ! However , I feel the mist is not so effective per spray , at least to my skin . I have to have several sprays to make my skin feel good
 This is just rose water . Face feels cool and refreshed when applied , but it does n't do anything other than that . It would be cheaper to buy it locally or make it yourself .
 Applewel Therapeutics has a face and body mist that I think works much better . I use it after bathing , sun exposure , or mainly after shaving . I shave my head so I really need a product to help with skin irritation .
 The product arrived beaten , broken and half the perfume box used , I 'm not pleased with the service and I really think I lost my money
 Make a purchase of this perfume . spilled wine in the box ... the CAP isolated eta ... direct sealing came from the store ... I can not restore because already in venezuela ... are pending so that it will not happen with other customers.En espa & ntilde ; olcompre este perfume . . en mi pedido al llegar a venezuela vino derramado en la caja . . la tapa estaba aislada . . aunque estaba sellado de la tienda . . no lo puedo devolver poque ya esta en mi pais ... estar pendientes proximas compras para que no le suceda a otros clientes . . no es buena compra si viene derramado . . Maribel MarquezMaribmar16@hotmail.com
 I have worn this fragrance for a long time but I usually buy it at Macy 's . I purchased this from this seller and on amazon for the first time , and wore it . It gave a sour scent on my skin . Like I said , I 've worn this for a long time . It works with my skin chemistry . I do n't know if this is n't the real stuff , or if I happen to get a bad bottle , maybe an old bottle . But I do not recommend it .
 I 'm only giving a low grade because it took over a month for my order . when I called , it was explained that the shipper had llost my package . really ? after a month , it took me being upset for anyone to notice ? what if I had n't called ? All the money would 've been unrequited ? thanks guys .
 I 'm not satisfied about my purchase because I never got the perfum . I 'm a frecuent buyer from Venezuela . Usually I order the items and I receive them in a PO box in Miami . But this time , although I received the DELIVERED notification , I did n't received this perfum . I contacted the seller and they just told me to contact Mail Boxes . They say there is not perfum in the PO box and that it never arrived their offices . I filled the claim in amazon.com and later I received an e-mail by them saying they could n't do anything else , and my case was closed . . Sadly I do n't see amazon as reliable as I used to ...
 I bought this based on the reviews and I know I should not done that , although most people described it to be awesome , I just do n't like it . Too musky for my taste !
 The box was missing the bar code , which is the first indication that it is not original . The smell is very light and does not last long . I used this cologne before so know how it smells . Do not buy this product
 Smell does not last long at all . I use to have this Cologne bought from Macy and that scent lasted a lot longer . I can only smell it if I am sniffing my clothes . Anyone else have this problem ? I noticed all the good reviews are from back than anyone else bought this recently ?
 ohhhhhhhhhh , i m very shocked i bought Kenneth Cole reaction by Kenneth Cole for men 1.7 oz EDT spray for my husband s birthday and i received Kenneth Cole gel shower !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh , i contacted the seller so so many times but he did not answer ... my husband did not need the shower gel so he throw it in the bathroom he has never used it.we were stunned it s the worst purchase ever and the worst seller in the world , ... i regret buying this item from this stupid seller !
 I had another bottle of Reaction when I got this one and did a scent comparison of name brand vs what I was delivered and the result was the amazing scent I was used to was now marred by a sharp edge . I have sworn by this cologne and used it for years and what I received was not what I have bought in years past .
 I do n't know what happened to this cologne , Is it amazon or is it KC.Tje cologne has the fresh smell that I like but it does n't stay on long.You can buy bod for men and it will stay on longer.I will not be buying colognes from amazon again
 I bought it because I was in good price and because they said it smelled good , when I get to Ecuador the first thing I did was open it and it seemed horrible . Smells like old
 very unhappy does not smell like the purfume ... dont buy it . its a knockoff and you cant return it to amazon . .
 After seeing that this product was one of the highly rated products in the fragrance section I decided to buy only to be highly disappointed by it.I am not sure if I received a fake or this perfume generally smells this way , whatever the reason I hated the fragrance . I bought this around 4 months back and have used it only once or twice . NOT RECOMMENDED
 I have now bought two different sprays -LRB- RL Blue for women and this one -RRB- . For both of them I have felt that the intesity is too low . The only time you smell it is when you spray it . . -LRB- or actually sniff your collars -RRB- . . In my opinion . . just buy these kinda stuff from the shop -LRB- a reputed one -RRB- directly ... Just my two cents ...
 I bought this cologne on Amazon because I had purchased some in the store and really liked it . When seeing how much less Reaction was on amazon I was excited to order some . I ordered it , sprayed some on , and very quickly noticed the smell did not last as long as the store bought version I had gotten . In fact I would say the smell lasts maybe ten minutes if that . I sprayed on a lot more to see if it would smell longer and it made no difference . Unless Amazon corrects this issue , I wo n't buy cologne from them again . There is a very clear difference and this is a cheap imitation . It 's so bad it 's worth throwing out . I really like Amazon so this was a big disappointment .
 The original version of Vitabath was a thick gel and the smell would stay with you throughout the day . This stuff is a like a watered down version with the same scent . The smell washes of your body with the soap . About the only thing that has not changed is the price , -LRB- now we can easily say this stuff is way over priced ! The reason I give it two stars is that when I smell it in the bottle it still reminds me of my childhood at grandma 's house . Other than the smell your probaly better of buying bar soap .
 The pumps on the Vitabath gallon are now garbage . It 's too bad . I 've been buying this product for years , but recently they have decided to change the pumps on the gallon . Previously , the pumps had a spring in them and were well made and lasted the entire time that you had the gallon product ... which is generally pretty long . Now the pump breaks in a few weeks . It 's junk . And you are stuck with a large amount of Vitabath and no way to get it out of the container . So I 've had to transfer it to smaller generic containers just to use it up . I wo n't be buying the gallon again . By the way , I called Vitabath in New York and asked them to please send me a replacement pump . I even said I would be happy to pay for it . They told me they would send it to me free of charge . Of course it never came . Do n't buy the gallon !!!!!!!
 I heard of the Vitabath brand decades ago , but this is my first experience with the product . The scent is not as pleasant as I expected from the fragrances listed on the package . It does not clean well . I do not favor bubbles as amusement
 Shame on Vitabath . I 've used the Spring Green gelee for years and I just replenished my stock with two 1 gallon bottles . The incredible evergreen scent that permeates my apartment every time I take a shower is effectively gone . The scent is so weak now that it fades out almost immediately . I 'm so disappointed in Vitabath - I went to their web site but found no mention of a change in their formula . If you are expecting the wonderful , aromatherapy-grade evergreen scent , be forewarned
 I normally place a great deal of importance on fellow Amazon users ' reviews , which led me to purchase Vitabath after seeing the glowing comments.When I received the bottle in the mail , the first thing I noticed was a faintly nauseating scent coming from the body wash even before I opened it . Once I squirted out a small amount to use , the smell was overwhelming . It lingered in my shower even when I was n't using it . The smell was so strong and nauseating , I eventually had to throw out my exfoliating sponge as I could smell it everytime I held it to my face.For many , it appears to get the job done . For me , the smell was so nauseating I had to throw out the entire bottle.Also , after I showered it felt like there was a filmy residue left on my skin that made me feel like taking a second shower.Buyer beware , this body wash is a ` your mileage may vary ' experience .
 I feel compelled to review this product . The plastic brush does not lock onto the handle . I called Braun and discussed this with a customer relations rep. She got a sample of it and responded that she `` sees what I am talking about '' . I had a previous model that was also Braun and it worked just fine for years until it finally gave out . Other than just having to be really careful that I hold the wand `` just so '' so that it does not fall off , it works fine .
 I ordered this product because the seller had a picture advertising the original formula so I thought I was getting the product advertised . Instead I got a new formula which is horrible . Other companies advertise what they intend on sending you . I wish this company would have sent me what they advertised !
 hate this product !!! i have thick curly hair and this mousse diddnt help AT ALL !!!!! dont waste your money on this product !!!!
 The product description of 100 % human hair is false . I was looking for some lashes that were made from real human hair so saw this product since the description stated it was made from real hair . When I received the product I knew it was not real hair especially since I have black hair myself . Do n't be fooled by this product !
 Ok this is like mascara for your hair . Clumpy , do not try to style your hair after applying this . I mean it covers the gray hair but i would only use if i was going to put my hair in a ponytail wouldnt dare flat iron or use curling iron after applying . Ive found Henna natural hair dye love it and great for the grays ...
 i ordered this product on december 6 , in plenty of time for christmas ; it took several weeks to arrive . very undependable because of this .
 Extremely disappointed !!! I used this product as per the instructions . Product does not work on strecth marks . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I bought this iron on-line , my hairdresser used it on me and I loved the results . Previously , I 'd bought a cheap one from Sally Beauty Supply for around $ 30 , and was never able to achieve the same shiney , perfectly stick-straight look as the stylist . Silly me thought perhaps it was in the quality of the tool , so I went and spent about $ 150 on this iron . Actually , when I used this iron , my hair looked exactly the same as using the cheap iron.So , the problem is not the iron , it 's my lack of technique . Obviously one can probably get the same salon type results with a cheaper iron if one is good at doing hair .
 I ordered this product because it is a `` wet-to-dry '' flat iron , instead today I recieved one that is `` wet-or-dry '' . In addition , mine does n't look anything like the picture . I would give them a piece of my mind except it 's Thanksgiving tomorrow . So beware buyers .
 I bought1 of T3 Tourmaline Wet-to-Dry Flat Iron 13/4 '' -LRB- 83922 -RRB- from Beauty Supply 4less on 16-March-2008 . But on my disappointment , I receivedWet-or-Drynot Wet-to-DryI had been waiting to get my order for long daysso I was really upset with the wrong item.I paid $ 73.97 just for Shipping & Handling charge.And Wet-or-Dry is much cheaper than Wet-to-Dry . Even though I paid extra money for shipping and handling , I got the wrong item cheaper than I actually paidand I can not use my iron.Because I bought it for using on wet hairHow do you work out this inconvenience that you gave me?I ask you to send me right item -LRB- Wet-to-Dry -RRB- then I will turn the wrong one -LRB- Wet-or-Dry -RRB- back to you.I want you to pay shipping charges for these two postal service.and let me knowhow I can use postal service for returning itwhile not paying myself.I want to use collect chargebut It is not able to use postal service as collect charge.To the best of my knowledge , Fedex or DHL would be a solution in this case.Through those service , I do n't need to pay charge.Also , I doubt a littlewhether the item I received was a new oneas this looked like a used one.However , I believe it could n't be that you sold a used one.I am looking forward to your quick response .
 I have sensitive skin and based on the other review decided to try this . This smells so horrible , just like vomit . I put it on once and never again , I gave it away because it smells that bad . I love body shop products but not this one .
 I could n't wait to open my new Ultimate Concealer when it arrived . I thought I was getting the purest and most beneficial makeup on the market . But as I read the ingredient list , my heart fell.This is a complete list of the ingredients : Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride , Octyldodecanol , Euphorbia Cerifera -LRB- Candelilla -RRB- Wax , Copernicia Cerifera -LRB- Carnauba -RRB- Wax , Jojoba Esters , Polyethylene , Stearalkonium Hectorite , Propylene Carbonate , Ascorbyl Palmitate , Tocopheryl Acetate , Tocopherol , Allantoin , Propylparaben , DimethiconeMay Contain : Titanium Dioxide , Iron Oxides , CI 77499 , MicaThis list was taken directly off of the package . Obviously there are many more ingredients than what is listed officially on this page or on Youngblood 's website . Make your own decision about whether or not you are comfortable putting some of these ingredients on your face every day .
 Product does n't work as claimed . Need to put it under very hot water to get the color started and even then , color does n't transfer to hair , just leaves a waxy buildup on the hair . I would not purchase again .
 I ordered a cover your gray color comb .33 oz as advertised rather than a cover your gray wand .25 oz . This is either a mistake or a rib-off . Which ?
 Do n't use it . Turned my hair pink -LRB- I had the auburn one and I have white roots -RRB- . Grey Free is a much better product !
 I was extremely disappointed with this product . It was all clumpy and pretty much dried out . I added a few drops of water and it seemed to help , but was difficult to use . I will not be ordering this product again .
 This is mentioned in the review for light brown-blonde color also . This is easy to apply . I purchased in a local store for twice the cost on Amazon . However , I bought dark brown which is great . I would not order the medium brown again.The medium brown looks like cream paste with a pinkish tinge , far from blonde . I 'll stick with the Dark Brown .
 Cover Your Gray Color Comb - BlackThis is the worst product I have ever purchased through Amazon.com . Infact I have 9 unused packets of this color combs . I would be really appreciated if Amazon.com will return my money back . I would want to tell all my freinds and collegues not to purchase this bad product . It is a waist of my money and time . I am really upset about this product . Infact I have lost my trust in Amazon.com items . If you can help me re-establish my trust with your products by returning my money back I would really appreciate that . Please reply to me.I would rate this item as zero stars . I even do n't want to rate this product . Such a bad product.Anthony AmaratungeEmail:primrose@uw.edu
 I remembered seeing this in a store on Los Angeles years ago , before I colored my hair . It seemed like and easy way to touch up roots between colorings . I looked online and found it . I have tried it several times and it just does n't work . A teeny tiny bit of color transfers to the hair and it washes out with the first washing . I guess I 'll have to use the messier root touch up products instead .
 It did not do any &#34; magic &#34; trick to my hair . I was expecting a good product indeed , but I was not impressed or satisfied therefore I wont purchase it again .
 For 15 years , I have used Aveda 's Clove conditioner intermittently to rejuvenate my medium brown hair color . It leaves my hair with a beautiful shine and softness . However , I ca n't use it daily as it the color looks overdone . So , I thought I 'd try a non-color depositing version of Aveda 's conditioner to use daily , in between the &#34; Clove &#34; days . This Blue Malva does n't fit the bill ... just a so-so conditioner . I 've found that Back to Basics ' line of conditioners are a better alternative .
 I have medium lenght dark brown hair . It is normally shiny , soft , with very few grey hair . I thought this product would give my hair a nice deeper darker shade and even more shine . After I have used Aveda Black Malva conditioner , my hair is not shiny anymore and it gets greasy after only 2 days . This product will go in the trash very soon ; that 's a shame because it 's expensive .
 I bought this product feeling confident that it would , if nothing else , smell nice and perhaps make the faded bits of my hair color a little more even . I bought it to * try * to cover or lessen my very white roots . I understand that this product is not meant to cover gray , but based on some of the reviews it seemed like it was worth a shot . I was n't worried about the mess since I am used to dying my hair with permanent dye.When I first put this product on my hair I was struck by the unpleasant aroma . It is herbal , but in a very medicine-y way . It reminds me of some of those tinctures that chinese herbalists prescribe - they can be very pungent and unpleasant . It kind of grossed me out , but I applied the product liberally to my roots and worked it through the rest of my hair as best I could . -LRB- I have long , thick hair that is dyed dark brown . -RRB- I left the product on for about 30 minutes since many reviewers said to leave it on longer for darker coverage - it also says this on the bottle . The whole time the smell was nauseating me , but I tried to ignore it . I am shocked that so many people say that it has a pleasant smell.After I rinsed it out , the smell lingered in my hair . I was hoping it would not ... shortly after rinsing it out , I actually vomited from the smell . I 'm not kidding . Not only that , after it was dry , there was NO DIFFERENCE in my hair color . It did not affect my white roots at all and the rest of my hair looked exactly the same as it had before.Needless to say , I do not recommend this product at all . I am used to dying my hair so I can deal with strong smells , but this stuff was horrible and it did nothing . It does n't even really condition your hair !!!
 This set is not surgical stainless steel construction , it is nickel plated , according to Wusthof 's catalog . It is still a decent product , but not what it claimed to be in the description .
 Do not buy it from fragrancenet if that is the seller that shows up . I love this conditioner and am willing to spend a pretty penny on it - however , the conditioner I received when ordering it online from fragrancenet was a knockoff , cheap phony . Definitely NOT authentic . I had a little bit left in an old bottle and compared the old with the new bottle i Had rec 'd . Pretty close in consistancy , but the Aveda frangrance was non existant and it does not condition my hair like the real stuff does . Be careful who you order from !
 I have not yet received this item . I am trully disappointed and would appreciate it if someone could contact me and let me know what happened.Francesca Ronci
 The stick was bulkier/thicker than Revlon 's makeup correcting stick , which made it difficult to use on my upper eye lid -LRB- to remove spots of mascara -RRB- . The product itself worked fine , just wish it was a thinner stick .
 Does n't work at all . That 's pretty much all I have to say . It 's like candle-waxy in colour -LRB- white -RRB- and texture , and just makes the skin look shiny without budging the make up .
 I am a master-certified spray tan technician and primarily use another brand for most clients . My son is getting ready to participate in his first professional body building competition . He has successfully been sprayed by me USING A DIFFERENT , PROFESSIONAL PRODUCT and developed beautiful color with no adverse effects . Today , he went with the other competitors of his gym to get sprayed by a technician hired by the gym who was spraying all the competitors with this Pro Tan Overnight Competition color . The gym owner encouraged all of the competitors to have this lady do all of them with this product so that they would look consistent.In order to prepare his skin for the product and for the contest later , he had to shave his whole body -LRB- from the ears down of course -RRB- and exfoliate his skin to get the best results from the spray tan . He did this and went to the appointment with clean , dry skin . When he arrived home , It looked like he had been spray painted with Apache Orange paint . It was very vivid and apparently what they were going for . He was to keep it on overnight and then wash off in the morning , as one usually does when spray tanning . Then he was scheduled to return the next day to get a second coat before competition that evening.HOWEVER , after a couple of hours he started developing an itchy rash in the crooks of his elbows , arm pits and on his neck . By six hours post spray he became in need of immediate assistance to quell the intense itching . I told him to go shower the product off immediately . He did so , took a Benadryl antihistamine , and got sprayed with Dermoplast hospital grade anti-itch spray , then took a nap . Later when I checked on him , I was horrified to see that he was covered ALL OVER with thick , itchy hives , which may ruin his look and possible ability to compete in the contest he has trained religiously for many , many months . He and we will be terribly disappointed if this does not clear up by tomorrow and prevents him from participating.In researching what is in it to see what could have caused this , I see that Acetone is one of the main ingredients , which of course is used to dissolve lacquers , plastics , acrylics , etc. , and is extremely drying to the skin ! There should be a warning that this ingredient may cause allergic reactions in sensitive persons.I am hoping that this will resolve by tomorrow . I 'll post a follow-up later.UPDATE 1
 They have a photo of a larger size and send you the smaller one . The ounces are even off . What a rip off . Now they wont even answer ! Scam !
 I do n't like this at all . It smells funny and it is greasy and it does n't do anything for my hair besides weighing it down . Now I have weighed down hair that is frizzy . Do not recommend at all .
 I really do n't understand the high ratings here , which prompted me to purchase this product . It did nothing for my hair in the humidity and functioned like any other hair `` grease '' . The container is small and expensive and not worth purchasing . FYI - I have natural , pressed , African hair and it reverted to curly within an hour of the Miami humidity hitting my hair . It got even worse once the Jamaican weather reached it . Once my hair was curly again , it also did nothing to tame frizz .
 If you want to spend 20 bucks on some hair grease then go ahead , but this did nothing that a dollar jar of hair grease could do . It did not do anything to prevent frizz at all . I have natural hair and this product did nothing for it . It does smell nice - like gardenia flowers .
 I ordered this product because of the reviews for a product which helped frizziness . I used this once , and was extremely disappointed . It makes my hair look very greasy , and the smell is a bit offensive . It does n't smell clean and fresh , but stale and old.I 'm especially disappointed because this was expensive , and I do n't know what to do with it . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 My hairdresser recommended this . Its a waste of money , and it is expensive . It did nothing for my hair . Morrocan Oil is much better .
 The product does what it 's advertised to do , maybe a little bit too greasy for my short , Asian hair , but I just used a little less . However , I could not continue to use it because the smell was sooooo fragrant . I have a pretty sensitive nose to a floral smell -LRB- I ca n't wear perfumes -RRB- and this product has an overpowering fragrance . Too bad it 's in your hair , so it 's right next to your nose , all the time , until you take a shower !
 I like the way my hair looks when I use this product . But the cost was outrageous in terms of value . I only use this once a week because I have to wash my hair at least 3 times to get the stink out . I actually went as far as adding Rose Oil to it to help take the stink away , but I can still smell it in my hair Sunday morning when I wake up . I have not gotten around to flat ironing my hair while using this to see how it would do with holding my hair straight but it does a good job keeping the frizz out of my hair . You just have to be able to like having your hair smell dirty and oily to use it often , otherwise you will have to wash your hair several times to get the smell out .
 DO NOT Buy ... this item was a fake !!! I go to Kerastase salons often , and this item did not peform . it was re-bottled something , I do n't know what !!! The bottles were not sealed . The person sending this out is NOT using the real product !!! Warning Fake product !!!!!
 I received 4 vials on January 3rd , 2011 . This is NOT the product used on my hair at the salon ! It is fake !!! Some cheap copy ! It was not sealed or had a package . I intend to report these people to Better Business Bureau , as they are stealing money from trusting customers . This makes me angry !
 I do n't think this product is an original Kerastase product -LRB- maybe the containers were but ca n't say that about the product itself -RRB- . The safety/quality seal was missing , so there 's no way one can tell this is an original Kerastase product . All the other Kerastase items I 've ever purchased -LRB- either from Salons or from Target , as some Target stores do carry Kerastase products -RRB- came sealed . So I returned the item to Amazon . On my invoice says sold by Angelas Beauty Supply Inc. , so I do n't know if ordered from a different seller I would encounter the same issue ... I decided to get the product from the official Kerastase website instead .
 My eye area seemed to become crepey and a lot more wrinkled after using this product on several different occasions .
 The `` Q10 Advanced Wrinkler Reducer '' does not work . It really dried up my baggy eyes . I stopped using it after the first use.Instead , I tested it on my hand . you know . just to make sure . And I was right , it does NOT even work on my hand . it sucked my natural oily hands.Conclusion
 Inexpensive , yes , rated 5 stars by Luca Turin , yes ... but to me
 I love Tocade -LRB- a five-star rating from Turin and Sanchez in their Perfume Guide for this inexpensive little marvel ! -RRB- , and I like to have a little bottle on hand . My single star is for this vendor . Three weeks after I ordered this item , Amazon notified me by email that they could not confirm whether or not the vendor had received my order . I emailed the vendor , Cosmetic Solutions . They did not reply to my email inquiry . I finally telephoned Cosmetic Solutions , and a customer service representative found my Amazon order number and gave me a firm date for mailing the product five days hence . At long last , I received an email from Amazon canceling my order . Cosmetic Solutions had never had the item in stock at all . I do n't mind working with a vendor if they 're honest with me up front , but this was a waste of my time , patience and energy .
 After reading the reviews here I decided to give Clove conditioner a try and purchased it at my local Aveda store in the mall . I have fine dark brunette hair that has become more mousy recently and has some strands of gray . I was looking for a natural way to add to my natural color and bring out highlights to help blend the grays better . I was aware that this is n't supposed to cover gray , but this is clearly advertised as a color enhancing conditioner , not to be confused with the temporary dyes that wash out right away.My review :1 -RRB- People wrote about this product staining their hands , skin and showers when they applied and rinsed it . The good news is that that did n't happen . It IS a dark brown in color so there were brown splatter marks on my shower curtain from rinsing , but it came right off . It did n't color my hands/skin in any way .2 -RRB- It did nothing for my hair color . I used it three days in a row and each time I combed a generous amount through my hair . The first day I left it on a few minutes , then five minutes the next two days . I was n't expecting dramatic or traditional salon dye results , but I did expect to see something different . No new highlights or richer tones . Nothing .3 -RRB- It gave my hair a gloss that did make it seem shinier , but it also weighed it down and made it look lifeless . I did rinse it out well .4 -RRB- The scent is too strong for me.I returned the bottle to Aveda . Very disappointed .
 Did not come with serial # for product registration/warranty . When I contacted manufacturer , they suggested I return it and purchase directly through them -LRB- Tourmaline -RRB- . While iron gets very hot -LRB- 410 degrees - I have coarse/kinky hair -RRB- , does not seem to flatten/straighten hair with silkeness/shine that other ionic irons that I have used in the past do . Also generates a rather unpleasant odor .
 I do n't know if this is just how this product smells or something happened to it , but it smells like a bad cleaning solution .
 Wow . This gel is great if you want your hair to
 Be cautious . I bought this cologne - which is sold and shipped by Amazon - and if it is not a counterfeit -LRB- I trust Amazon -RRB- , it is expired . Its scent is weak and fades quickly . I am used to Lagerfeld 's Photo and I should say the other ones I had were not only strong but lasted for a whole day at least . I bought four of them , and I wanted to return the three unopened ones . This is what Amazon tells me : `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . `` Put differently , it is permissible to ship hazardous materials to customers but not the other way around . This is odd , to say the least .
 Very disappointed in the purchase.I am not sure what to write in the review here , because I believe this is where you review the product , not the seller . But I can not help but bring this matter up in here , to perhaps keep someone else frombeing ripped off.My husband smells wonderful in Photo.It has been a while since we bought any , because it is fairly expensive and we 've been through a rough patch.I thought I 'd celebrate a change in the situation with a bottle of his favorite cologne.There is barely any scent in the bottle we received.I do n't know if what is being sent out on this listing is older than dirt and thereforeweak , or it has somehow been watered down or forged and resealed.Whatever is going on with it , it barely smells like Photo at all.I guess it was indeed a deal too good to be true.The shipment was quick , and it LOOKS like a new , sealed bottle , but when sprayed , you about have to stick a nostril directly on it to smell anything at all.DEFINITELY not like regular Photo !! The real thing can be smelled very clearly and you do n't haveto be super close . Even after a direct spray and sniff , almost nothing.Something is very wrong here.Lagerfeld Photo is an amazing scent that smells fantastic on men.We used to purchase ours at Dillards , but no longer live near a mall.However , the bottle I received -LRB- and apparently others as well -RRB- purchased from THIS listingbarely resembles the Photo scent . If I was blindfolded and asked to identify the scent , I would wonder if someone was kidding with me - yes , it is that weak.On my rating - if it was based on this purchase alone , I would rate it one star . -LRB- Actually , less than one , but you ca n't do half-stars . -RRB- If it was based on true fresh Photo spray , I would rate it a five.Therefore , I went with a two , because this is not a fresh product , and I feel a bit ripped off . It ca n't be returned.BE FOREWARNED : The regular Photo is fantastic , but what is being sold in THIS particular listingis either tampered with or older than dirt itself.Buy it someplace else if you want the true Photo scent.UPDATE JULY 2011 : I 've read other places that Lagerfeld has changed the formulation on this fragrance.Why , I do not know . But , know that with this purchase , you will get the new version , whichis a weak watered-down substitute of the old one in the black box.I 'll never buy it again . Time to look for a new fragrance for my husband.What a shame that the company decided to mess with such a FORMERLY great product .
 It was not what I expected ? I could have taken a chignon from Sally 's & cut open ? It is a roll , with a snap at the end . I ca n't use is , -LRB- ? -RRB- but a professional probably could ? The color was a little off from the picture , I think with some tweeking w/hair extensions , maybe it could be fantasic ? I wo n't give up on it yet ! If it were more what `` we think '' of as a hair rat , it 'd be 5 stars . I will keep trying to find a style for it/or ask hairdresser for ideas . * good product , if you know more about `` hair rats of this century ! '' Its cool , be creative-I guess ?
 If I could rate this product a zero I would . I go to an Aveda salon and recently had my natural dark brown color lifted and replaced with a beautiful light and vibrant red . I thought I would invest in the madder root products , both the conditioner and the shampoo , as a means of keeping my color looking good as long as I could . I used both products once and left the conditioner on for about two minutes . My color is now completely changed , much darker and opaque looking . I am afraid to go back to the salon and have my stylist see the destruction . Not only is my hair darker but , it also browned out my red in several areas . It just looks awful . I am hoping it will wash out . . If not , I 'll be back at the salon paying a lot more for corrective color !!! I 'm really disappointed in this product .
 I used this with the Madder Root Shampoo . This pretty much burned a hole in my wallet just to ruin my two-day-old hair color . I know someone who dyes her hair using one of those redder -LRB- such as Feria -RRB- type reds and for her it works well . I ended up with kool-aid-ish red highlights from this AND it dried my hair out . Also my recent red coloring was to the purpose of blending my roots with my bleached hair , so while the formerly bleached part went really red the roots actually lost color -LRB- or seemed to by comparison -RRB- . Complete waste of money and now I 'm scared of trying a different one . I have to re-dye my hair -LRB- major bummer -RRB- and then try again with a different brand and hope for better results.F.Y.I . I used L'Oreal Excellence Cr&egrave;me Triple Protection Color Cr&egrave;me 6R Light Auburn to color my hair , so you know what kind of Auburn I mean .
 This was a fake product !! So Upset with this people !! I bought to Brasil to a friend and we compare to the real one !!
 First off . I dont like this product so much . Its about 4 oz for ten bucks . It claims its organic but not fully , 87 % . When I used it , after my normal wash , it left my skin feeling oily . Maybe this is for people with dry skin , it did not specify . I usually use a scrub on my face and have no issues . This felt very sticky like . Did n't feel like it was scrubbing my face , and was watery . I just dont like this products results . 2 stars was for it being organic , the other 3 stars would be for if it worked and did n't add excess oil .
