 It is absolutely amazing how much water rinses from the lettuce . No more drying lettuce on papertowels or awkward tastes from residual water . This not only provides a bowl for rinsing the lettuce , but also comes with a handy flat lid for storing it as well and everything is plastic so it does not discolor the lettuce between uses . Great clear bowl for also serving the salad too !
 Just a wonderful tool . Not only cleans salad efficiently but keeps it fresh longer .
 It works very well for cleaning , drying and storing lettuce from the garden .
 You will definitely like this spinner ! Better than the ones that you turn a knob . Lettuce and spinach come out very dry . The spinner bowl doubles as a very nice salad bowl that has a non - skid rubber bottom .
 One of those kitchen gadgets a cook can not live without . Talk about spinning action ... top quality plastic , easy to clean , holds up to the toughest spinning a person can handle . Feast spins to release water from salad heads .
 I really love this product . It is a little too large to fit into the dishwasher and , I am not sure that it could survive more than one or two turns in my dishwasher . Other than that it is great . -LRB- 4.5 stars -RRB-
 I have been wanting one of these for a long time . I had it on my wish list but did n't get one for Christmas . So I bought it for myself and I am so glad I did . I can put the entire thing in the dishwasher on the top shelf and it allows me to wash and dry two heads of lettuce cut-up at one time .
 This is one kitchen item that I use quite often . I purchased the smaller spinner , but I advise people to buy the larger one especially if they have more than one person to feed .
 Very good quality spinner . Large capacity -LRB- not easy to store if you have a small kitchen -RRB- makes it easy to wash and dry two large heads of Boston lettuce . Also used to wash herbs , vegetables and fruit . The spinner lid -LRB- with the knob -RRB- is pushed down and the interior basket spins . There is a brake button to stop the spinning if you 're in a hurry . There is a little lock so that you can keep the knob in the `` down '' position for easier storage . Also comes with a flat lid so it can be used to store other things , both refrigerated and not . The base of the bowl has a rubberized rim so that the unit wo n't dance all over your countertop when you spin the contents . Solid construction and well engineered .
 I bought this while on a health kick , thinking it would make me eat more salad , and because I needed a crisper . I use it occasionally , but I found cleaning it to be difficult . It fits awkwardly in the dishwasher , and I find the spinner top very difficult to wash by hand -LRB- since I 've moved to an apartment that no longer has a dishwasher -RRB- . I would recommend the smaller version , unless you have an extra large family . I also do n't find it to be a very good crisper -- my lettuce lasts two days ... at most ! Maybe I 'm not locking the top , I do n't know.I do have to say it has pros , it does an amazing job of spinning greens , and the ability to use the clear bowl for service is nice .
 I absolutely love it ! It does a great job spinning out the water and because of its large size , I am able to put all the greens in at once , spin it , and have most of my salads ready for the week . I highly recommend it .
 ... in the house , instead of personally enjoying your awesome salad spinner , you 'll be relegated to the role of mediator over screams of `` It 's MY turn to spin ! '' My grandkids self-appointed themselves `` official salad spinners '' the day we got this wonderful product and woe to me if I dare try to sneak in a spin or two of my own without making sure they get their turn ! This has to be the best , most efficient , popular and enjoyable-to-use gadget I 've ever bought for the kitchen . It 's worth every penny , and as others have said , it makes a great gift as well - one that you know will get used and not catch dust in some dark forgotten corner cabinet . Buy it and enjoy !
 This is the best designed salad spinner I 've ever used . Here 's why
 I 'm so glad I finally bought a salad spinner , and I have no complaints about OXO 's salad spinner . I use it for small herbs and lettuce as well as a temporary strainer -LRB- the inside part only , of course -RRB- . There 's a rubber brake on the top to stop the spinning almost instantly . If you cook with a lot of herbs or make a lot of salads , this item is extremely valuable to your kitchen collection .
 This is a wonderful item for your kitchen . Makes washing lettuce and other vegtables so easy . It 's also kinda fun , because it 's like the old time children 's toy the `` spinning top '' It 's really easy to use and has a feature on it that I really like , a button to stop the spinning . It also has a option of storing the push top by just sliding the little slider bar and locking the `` top '' down . I love it 's size too , it 's just right for setting on a shelf , not too big and not too small either . This is a great tool for 2 or 3 people sized families , but it works so easy and fast , you do n't mind using it to make even more for more people . It 's a hit with me !
 I 've had a number of salad spinners over the years . This one is by far the best I 've used . Lettuce comes out well drained and it 's very useful for spinning just about any vegetable that 's not heavy .
 At first I was n't sure ... that 's alot of money for something who 's purpose is just to spin lettuce ; boy am I glad I bought it though ! I put on mega weight when pregnant with my daughter , and needed to start eatting healthy , everyone knows fresh greens are healthy but who likes the soggy brown mess you get when you try to make a salad ? Enter the spinner . First you can chop your lettuces and toss them in to wash , then spin spin spin -LRB- this part is fun -RRB- you get a wonderful dry salad -LRB- ie dressings stick ! -RRB- and it keeps is so fresh in the fridge that I can have salad every day easily now . Best purchase I 've made in along time !
 I love this spinner ! It 's the perfect size to spin salad for 2 people . I have a nice larger spinner but never used it because it was such a pain to get out . This mini salad spinner does n't take up much room and works just as well as the larger version , with a good pump and a slow/stop button . It 's also easy to rinse out and put on the dish rack . I do n't think it 's big enough for more than 2 servings of salad but perfect if you do salad solo or in pairs .
 I recently replaced my old spinner with the OXO Mini Salad and Herb Spinner and find it is not only a great looking kitchen helper but it also serves an unexpected double purpose . It is quite large enough for a medium salad for 2 people and the water seems to fly off , and when I take the spinner out , the outer bowl - after a quick rinse and drying - serves as a great bowl for the salad . The OXO people have supplied me with a bowl that looks like glass and I no longer need to find a Salad Bowl - my OXO Salad Spinner supplies it !
 This makes salad making a breeze . It is amazing how much better the lettuce tastes after being rinsed and spun . I absolutely love this product .
 It 's always refreshing when an item you purchase does exactly what it 's supposed to do . It 's even better when the item performs its task easily without hassle . And it 's icing on the cake when the item is just plain fun to use . That is the OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner in a nutshell ! You can easily rinse your salad in the colander , then place it on its axis in the bowl , place the top on , press down on the plunger , and spin your salad . Voila ! You 're done , and your salad is nicely spun and will now hold dressings and seasonings more easily.I have not had the Salad Spinner for long , but it seems very durable and well made . And it stores easily with the plunger locked in place . The design is simple , elegant , and effective . It breezily goes about doing what it is supposed to do . Who could ask for anything more ?
 I 'm a big OXO fan , so it was natural that I picked their salad spinner over the others on the market . I used to eat the bagged salad without washing the veggies , but after reading about all the bacteria that 's still on them , I started to use the spinner . After I spin the salad , I take what I need for that night and put the entire spinner in the fridge . It takes up a lot of room , but it keeps the salad really fresh and it 's all ready to go . If the salad needs perking up , I 'll fill the bowl with ice water and spin again . Now we eat salads almost every day .
 This is a great little gadget . I have been so tempted to buy it . Then it appeared in my Gold Box and I knew it had to be . I just got mine today and I spun some salad I washed and cut up 2 days ago . I got a good amount of water off.The pump works great and gets easier to push as it is spinning . The brake does a nice job of slowing it to a stop , no abrupt halt . I gave a small tourture test and it passed very well . My only concern is the little thing that the basket rests on . Seems like it could break off but has with stood all punishment so far . If it ever breaks , I will update this review.Don ' t forget you can use this for load of other things like home made potato chips , be creative .
 This salad spinner is easy to set up and use . It gets the lettuce really dry , which makes the dressing stick to it better -LRB- for a yummier salad ! -RRB- . It is bulky , so storage might be a problem if your kitchen is crowded.I also recommend the accessory kit . It includes a plastic lid for storage -LRB- why this is n't included with the spinner is a mystery -RRB- and a useful lettuce knife .
 I love this salad spinner ! It is so easy to use ; I just cut up the head of lettuce into the basket and use it as a collander in the sink . Then I take it straight to the spinner and put the lid on and go for it ! It gets the lettuce so dry - it 's a beautiful thing . The outside plastic bowl has these neat grippers on the bottom so when you spin , it stays in place . We eat so many more salads now because it is not a hassle to wash the lettuce !
 Ca n't say enough good things about this spinner but I 've ultimately had to ditch the plastic and go with the stainless steel model . Typically when I wash greens etc. , I set the whole thing out to air dry on top of the stove . Unfortunately , I 've run through my 3rd and final plastic spinner because someone invariably uses an adjacent burner w/o moving the spinner . The outer bowl melts and warps , preventing the inner basket from spinning . I 've rescued them in the past by reheating the warped spot and restoring it to its normal shape , but I 'm done with that now .
 I 've yet to see a better salad spinner . Super easy to use , I can spin with one finger ! Very big container , I always have left-overs .
 I got this for my son for Christmas and we gave it a try one night before he took it home . It did a great job spinning the water out .
 It works and does what a salad spinner should do . This describing what is good is taking up too much of my time
 I used to wash by hand then swing the greens in a towel to dry them.This is nice to be able to remove the liner , wash the greens in the liner , then place it in the spinner to spin them dry .
 I own the larger version of this Salad Spinner and decided I would like the smaller version as well.This little salad spinner works very well for smaller kitchen tasks . I am very pleased with it . Very simple to use and easy to clean.It makes preparing salad greens a simple task
 I have never used a salad spinner before this one and never understood what was so special about them until recently . It just seemed like another lazy persons contraption , but then again I was buying bagged salad . Before using this I would only attempt to make a salad when I wanted to eat it immediately because it would spoil quickly in a regular bowl when kept in the fridge . The spinner not only removes a lot of water -LRB- enough you actually have to pour it out ! -RRB- if you keep the salad in the colander part inside the bowl , the salad doesnt sit in its own moisture and go bad as quickly . So now I 'm not only saving money on buying unprepared salad fixings , but also not creating as much waste in packaging and food . Another lazy persons contraption eh ? ... I think not !
 One of my friends recommended this item , and I had to have one . It is just as wonderful as I hoped it would be . I 've found many uses for it .
 There 's so many other positive reviews on this already , so I 'll keep this short
 This salad spinner is as great as the reviews I 've read about it on other sites claimed -LRB- usually I 'm disappointed by supposedly wonderful kitchen tools , being one that does n't love food preparation at all -RRB- . I 've had so much trouble getting lettuce , kale , and Swiss chard thoroughly dry over the years ! Now I can rinse them and dry them in a few moments -LRB- compared to the hours I used to leave them out on the counter on a towel -- which never worked that well -RRB- . It 's also really easy to use and appears extremely well made .
 I have to say that I usually do n't buy into the hype of `` Oxo '' but in this case the salad spinner is great ! I had another one but it definitely was not as easy to use . The clean up on this product is incredibly easy and sturdiness of the product is much better than other spinners . I have owned many salad spinners and they all typically break within a year . This Oxo spinner has been going strong for over 1.5 years now and it still looks brand new !
 Bought this as a gift but liked it so well bought one for myself . Works great and use all the time now that we have it ! Love our salads . Gift recipient loved hers as well . High quality and would reccomed !
 Great salad spinner . I have nothing but praise for this item . The brake is all right but I am never in that much of a hurry where I need to brake the spin . Just a nice little feature that most people never need .
 The Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner works great . Solid construction , a little large , doubles as a storage container . Highly recommend .
 What can I say that has not already been said . I purchased the Mini because I have limited cabinet space and usually am cooking for 2 or less . This thing is amazing , works like a charm . I only wish that you could by additional strainers so I could use as temporary storage while I am spinning something else . I 'm really glad I opted for the Mini and will likely buy a second one . The size is perfect and holds more than what you 'd probably anticipate from the picture . Amazon offers a great priced compared to other retailers on this -LRB- unless you get a 30 % coupon at Kohls -RRB- .
 FYI - this spinner came out best in America 's Test Kitchen product comparison so there 's a great review right there . Additionally , the entire Oxo brand was designed for ease of use , especially for people with arthritis . This spinner saves time in the long run and is easy to clean , a great asset in the kitchen .
 As a member of a Community Sponsored Agriculture group , we get lots of greens in the spring . This is a fantastic product and it works just as advertised . I usually love OXO products and this is no exception . It is very easy to use . I 'm glad I read the Amazon reviews so I knew what I was purchasing . I considered ordering the smaller size , but I am happy I ordered the larger spinner .
 After dealing with the unreliability of a cheap plastic spinner for years I decided to upgrage to this model after doing a lot of research . The thing is solidly built and the bowl is nice enough to serve from however given that this thing is built to last I 'm sure over time it will get scratched from the serving/mixing tongs but who cares . The spinner brake allows me to access the lettuce quicker without having to wait for the spinning to naturally stop .
 I originally purchased this salad spinner back in 2006 and used it regularly . A few weeks ago , it finally broke -LRB- probably just wear & tear -RRB- . I bought the same one -LRB- with clear lid -RRB- and using it again . Nothing much changes in the last years except use of clear plastics.My only recommendation would be for OXO to include a flat plastic lid . I usually keep my salad in the spinner -LRB- fridge -RRB- once washed , but the shape of the lid makes it take a lot of space in fridge and wo n't allow staking .
 This is just the right size for our 3 person family . I have found other spinners too large . We love to make salad ahead . With the spinner it stays fresher longer because the excess water is gone . The plastic inner bowl makes a great serving bowl . As always , OXO has a great product .
 The OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner works well and cleans easily . I have no regrets regarding the purchase of this product .
 I love this item . I used to go through tons of paper towel and waste tons of time drying lettuce . I always thought a salad spinner was silly and would take up lots of space . I was very wrong . I do n't need to use any paper towel whatsoever , it takes only a couple minutes to have dry lettuce , and I can store my remaining lettuce in the spinner in the fridge . I 've used it a few times and I am really happy that I made this purchase .
 This salad spinner is easy to use and clean . When I signed up for a CSA , Community Supported Agriculture , it was used to wash , dry , and store my veggies . They keep so much longer in the refrigerator when they are dry . I still use it quite often .
 The OXO spinner was a few steps up from our last spinner . Where I went wrong , cause we all know there is a weak link in any thing like this make of plastic . I filled the bowl full of romain and placed it in the spinner then sprayed water at the letuce filling the spinner up past the bottom of the bowl . Giving a couple pushes the platic cog broke from the spinner assembly . When you do this Super Glue might work but I have my doubts . If that does n't work back to Amazon and the same spinner . I will be here when its delived so I will be able to do the old switcherro without my wifes knowledge .
 For several years , I have used a colander with a cutting board over it to `` dry '' my salad . I generally do not purchase task specific kitchen tools . They tend to only work marginally better than other methods and take up too much space.I purchased one of these and love it . It is fast and convenient , and gets the lettuce as dry as you like it . It can also be used to store the drained lettuce in the refrigerator . If you eat salad several times a week , purchase one of these and make you life easier .
 I received this as a gift and was initially tempted to return it based on past poor experiences with salad spinners . Very glad that I kept it -- it works well and is very easy to use . Rather than have to turn a knob or pull a string , all you need to do is push down on the plunger a couple of times and you 're done.I have several other Oxo products and they all share the same attention to the little details that make the product better . With the salad spinner , the plunger can be locked in the down position to make it easier to store . Also there 's a brake -LRB- a simple button -RRB- that stops the spinning so you do n't have to wait for it to stop on its own.This would also be a good choice for someone with limited hand/grip strength . It 's a lot easier to push down on a plunger than grasp a knob or pull a string.Highly recommend !
 I ordered this salad spinner to replace one identical to it immediately after accidentally knocking the top off the counter onto the ceramic tile floor and breaking it - just had to have another one ASAP . As I wash all lettuce whether fresh or packaged , this salad spinner does a great job of quickly eliminating water from the lettuce and other vegetables . Great for salads and lettuce for tacos .
 This is a really great salad spinner . I had a different one that I paid almost double for and it only lasted me 4 months . It was a pull cord and the cord broke . This one spins real smooth , is durable , easy to use , and holds a good amount of lettuce . I have been very happy with this product and use it almost daily .
 I 've had my salad spinner for over a month now and use it all the time . Love that I have an easy way to wash my greens without having to dry it with a paper towel anymore .
 This salad spinner works much better than our old one -LRB- a battery operated model -RRB- , and is actually easier to use . The parts fit together well , and pushing the plunger is easier than holding down the button on the battery model . It 's easy to clean , and keeps salad longer and crisper than our old one . The only complaint is that it holds less lettuce , even though it 's roughly the same size as our old one . The spinner mechanism takes up a fair amount of room in the bowl , hence less room for lettuce . So I would prefer a larger size -LRB- I do like my salad in quantity -RRB- to make up for that . But all in all , a very well made spinner .
 Oxo makes great products -LRB- I have many -RRB- , and I especially I love my Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner . I 've had it for six years now and use it all the time.What I like about it is , well , everything . It 's nice and big . I can buy varieties of lettuce -LRB- try the clam shell-packed Artisan lettuces at Aldis or Sam 's Club -RRB- , even spinach , and make up my own mix.I thoroughly wash and rinse the lettuce in the colander part , then soak them in ice cold water -LRB- add ice under the colander part and then cover the lettuce with water -RRB- for ten minutes or so , dump out the ice and water , and then spin them a couple of times -LRB- love the gripping feet -RRB- , dumping the water after each spin , then dry the clear plastic outer bowl , replace the spinner part with the included cover , put it into the fridge and the lettuce/spinach stays crisp and fresh for a week . I can have an interesting and tasty salad every night starting with a base of this great mix of lettuce/spinach from my spinner.I eat a lot more salad because of my salad spinner . Great investment , great product .
 I already own the larger version of this Oxo salad spinner , and it gets lots of use at home . I am skeptical of the supposed `` pre-washed '' bags of salad , and washing our salad using the salad spinner is so easy . I was hesitant to buy one for our Airstream trailer , since the large version takes up so much space ... even at home , in my kitchen cabinet . I was thrilled to find this smaller , compact spinner ! I am currently traveling , and the mini salad spinner by Oxo has been put to good use on the road already .
 if you like to eat salad but hate to wash it , this salad spinner is for you . It takes the work out of washing and drying lettuce . If you consider yourself a cook , you will not be able to live without this salad spinner . It is a gourmet cook 's best friend !!! A life save in the kitchen . cuts down so much work ! make great salads from now on !
 Received this product as a wedding gift . Somewhat perplexed at the time . Wish I could track down the person who gave it to us and thank him/her , because this thing is now 13 years old and still works like a charm . Simple , easy to use . We grow most of our own leafy greens , and this thing makes it even more rewarding than it would otherwise be . Highly recommended .
 I really like this salad spinner . It gets the job done quickly , it 's easy to work , and the mechanical components are of good quality and I 've not had any problems with it yet . The top of the mechanism breaks down easily for cleaning .
 only used it twice . so far it 's as good as it claimed . definitely will use it everytime when prepare salad .
 Works great , better than other salad spinners I have had , my only wish is that it had a stainless or glass bowl because the plastic gets etched after a while and just wo n't ever look clean again.update 12/17/2012 - I still use this all the freaking time . Every day almost . It works great . The clear plastic has gotten foggy looking , but I do n't care .
 This salad spinner is the best . Really throws the water off lettuce leaves better than any other spinner , and so easy to use .
 THIS IS A GREAT LITTLE SALAD SPINNER BUT CAVEAT EMPTOR !!! THE INSTRUCTIONS LEAVE A LOT TO BE DESIRED . IT SEEMS SIMPLE ENOUGH TO USE . HOWEVER , IF THE BASKET IS NOT PLACED JUST SO , THE SPINNER WILL NOT TURN PROPERLY . THIS WAS SO FRUSTRATING UNTIL 2 PEOPLE , ONE AN ENGINEER , FINALLY FIGURED OUT WHAT WAS WRONG . THAT SAID , IT WORKS PERFECTLY FOR SMALL AMTS OF GREENS . PERFECT FOR 1 TO 3 PEOPLE . THE ABILITY TO STORE THE DRY LETTUCE IN THE SPINNER IS A PLUS . IT KEEPS IT FRESH AND DRY . I LOVE IT . HAVE NOT USED IT ON HERBS OR BERRIES YET BUT I AM SURE IT WILL BE GREAT .
 This is the best salad spinner I have ever used . You ca n't miss with this one . Lenoir Carry
 I bought a salad spinner because my daughter and my sister both have one and they tell me how much more convenient it is to use one . But my sister likes mine best . It is large enough to handle a whole head of lettuce , the spinner is easy to use for people with arthritis , it has a non skid bottom , and the freshness of the lettuce after it 's been stored in the frig is amazing . My sister is ordering one for herself . I highly recommend it !
 I did n't actually think I needed one of these but we are growing lettuce in an AeroGarden and decided to shop around for something that would conveniently rinse and store the lettuce post-harvest . After reading the reviews for this one here and on another site , the feature that caught my attention was how the container somehow made the lettuce last longer . I read that it would keep the lettuce fresh and edible for up to two weeks.I was completely surprised to test this out on my own and find it to be accurate . I have n't tried it with the store-bought lettuce packs yet , but for sure the home grown lettuce that I have harvested has had unexpected longevity and makes me feel better about the extra produce not going to waste.The item is easy to clean . I throw it in the top shelf of the dishwasher and it comes out great.I have the regular version of the salad spinner which is quite large , so it does require a lot of space in the refrigerator to store . More than I was expecting . The smaller one probably would have been just fine but I do love this one!It 's been very easy to use , and amusing as well to see it spinning and then hit the `` brake '' . I 'm very happy with the product . It seems to be quite durable , offers multiple uses -LRB- can toss the salad in it and serve from it -RRB- , is easy to clean , and keeps the salad fresh for a good long time !
 While searching for a salad spinner , I came across this one , read the reviews and was convinced -LRB- plus it had good reviews on Food Network -RRB- . I have to say it is living up to the reviews . It is awesome . I 100 % recommend it .
 I 'm saving a ton of money on paper towels thanks to this thing . I put a large amount of lettuce in , push the spin thing a bunch of times , stop it , and taaadaaa , dry lettuce . As someone who eats a really big salad every day , this is absolutely perfect . Been using it for about 6 months with no problems at all .
 Ordered this to replace the same salad spinner that lasted do n't remember how many years and was dropped one too many times . This thing is rugged , works great and is easy to clean . Much superior to string based spinners . The new one is the identical design to the old one except that it is clear plastic versus white for the last one , obviously this design has proven itself over the years and needs no changes .
 The OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner is the best salad spinner my wife has ever had . She loves it . There is no substitute for quality ! The design of the spinner is without equal .
 Works well for our often supermarket drenched greens . Arrived quickly and my wife uses it often . Recommended by a frequent salad eater .
 Using this weekly for everything from spinich to strawberries . There is an occasional balance problem , to be expected . I would highly reccommend this spinner to anyone that 's serious about the world of salads !! Real easy cleanup and the strainer is a bonus too . Pop 's right apart , dries in the drainer back to together in no time and ready to go !
 I love the OXO full-sized salad spinner . I use it for salad greens and also for sprouts ... works great !
 Nice , chunky construction . Spins at a good , high speed for efficient salad centrifuging . A tad on the expensive side , but it is quite trendy and seems to be well built . The bowl is nice enough to use as your actual salad bowl.The floppy salad spinner that we had before ended up melting due to excessive friction . The spinning handle also broke off . This OxO one looks like it should last , although I read one review where someone said theirs broke after a year or two .
 I bought this product to save my hands . I have very bad arthritis in my hands and the product that I was formerly useing caused a lot of pain in my hands - having to spin lettuce with a crank . This product does not require any turning with the hand . You simply press down on the top and it spins instantly without any pressure or hurt to the hands . It does a great job - fast . I love the difference this has made for me .
 For someone who eats as much salad as my family does - and only buys farmers ' - market greens -LRB- salad in a plastic bag representing Nearly Everything That Is Wrong With The World Thankyouverymuch -RRB- - this contraption is heaven-sent . I can throw a pound of greens into the removable colander , shake it around under the tap , run a little water through the sides to be sure I reached everything -LRB- and the basket 's perfectly-porous-yet-somehow-disallowing-of-runaway-baby-spinach nature makes this a sure bet -RRB- , pump the awesome spinner-button five times or so , hit the fun little brake button , and throw it all into a bowl . With the fun I have with it at age 27 , I 'm fairly certain that any munchkin would have a ball making a salad with this thing ... and , maybe ... * eating * it . Gasp!Anyway . It 's worth twice the price . Have fun .
 I love this Salad Spinner for several reasons : It 's easy to spin , it has a brake to stop the spinning , it seperates the water at the bottom away from the lettuce , and you can spin a bunch of lettuce at one time then store the whole spinner with the unused lettuce in it inside of your fridge.Works great.Could use a rubber bottom to help keep it from scooting while spinning .
 I bought this salad spinner 2-3 years ago and absolutely love it . It 's large enough to hold 2 heads of lettuce . It comes with a storage lid which keeps the salad crisp up to at least 1 week . I clean 2 heads of lettuce at the same time , put the lid on and I have salad for the whole week . The spinner works great as well as the breaking system . It locks down for storage . My daughter-in-law loved it so much when she stayed with us that she wanted her very own and did n't want any other brand or model . She has hers now and is very happy .
 I love this salad spinner . No more water soaked paper towels used trying to dry washed greens . An extra plus is the fun my kids have while helping out in the kitchen . They love giving the salad greens a bath and then a spin . The only negative ; our spinner does n't `` grip '' the counter very well . I 've given this as a Christmas and a wedding gift . After washing and spinning the greens we dump the excess water out and store the greens in the bowl -LRB- and in the fridge -RRB- .
 Warning
 This is a high quality salad spinner . It even has rubber grips on the bottom so it stays put while spinning . I would recommend this spinner for any kitchen .
 Best salad spinner I ever owned , much less strain on the hands then those crank handle ones and it does a way better job on your salads and anything you put in it , GREAT PRODUCTWould recommend it .
 This product works very well . It is stable on the counter . It is easy to use and clean-up is a breeze .
 My wife bought this a while back , and my first thought was that this was a gimmick designed to part a fool from his money . But after using it to make a salad and then using it to preserve lettuce in airtight jars I can definitely speak for the value of a salad spinner . This thing has saved me a lot of time in trying to dry my lettuce before preserving it or using it in my salads . Looks like I was the fool for not believing in the hype , but this is well worth the small amount of money spent .
 I 've eaten a heck of a lot more salad since buying this product . That alone should tell you that it 's a good product . However , I 'll expand on that with some more details.Pros : - Salad keeps a LOT longer . No more of those mushy pieces at the bottom of the bag/bowl . It all stays nice , crisp , and fresh . - It 's extremely easy to wash . Use the colander to wash it , then put it in the spinner and empty out the water . Simple . - Put the colander in , attach the lid , and press the button a few times . It 's easy to do and gets most of the water off without extra work . - Does n't slide around on the counter or move . You can just press the button a few times and let it go . - Very easy to clean . Just wash it in the sink . No nooks , crannies , or crevices for stuff to get into.Cons : - The `` stopper '' button does n't function very well any more . It 's been about 4 months , and it feels like it is wearing down . It 's not a big deal since it does stop on its own eventually .
 Great product to own because it does a better job of drying spinach and other leafy vegetables than trying to use a colander alone .
 I have used the spinner almost daily for a couple of months . The OXO salad spinner is an excellent product . I have not had any problems at all . Some commented on the spinning mechanism breaking , but mine has worked flawlessly . I use it to clean homegrown mixed greens as well as purchased lettuce and greens . I also store all the greens in it and they keep for weeks , and are always crisp and fresh . Although it is a little bulkier than the dish I used to store the greens in it fits well in the refrigerator because the knob locks down and can slide under the shelf . And unlike the other containers , even the ones the greens from the store come in , I have never had to throw out any of my produce since I started using the OXO spinner . No more slimy stuff in a bowl , ever ! Hoping it will last for years to come . I would highly recommend this product especially if you are paying $ 4 - $ 5 for a little box of greens .
 I received this Salad Spinner from the Amazon returns dept. in the OXO Good Grip Salad Spinner 's own pkging with no additonal boxing or taping of any kind from Amazon . I orderd a new one so not sure why it came from the returns dept. Everything seemed to be in the box so I kept it and so far have been pleased with the results WHEN USED on lettuce . Not so much on Cherries LOL Box said you can use on berries so I decided to try on some cherries I had washed , bruised them a bit to much & did n't remove much of the water from them . I have n't tried to use it on anything else . Gave it 4 stars since it did a decent job on the lettuce .
 I originally bought this salad spinner to replace another brand that had burned out and would no longer spin . This one is my new favorite , hands down . I love how the pump can be locked in the down position , and how the spinner does n't require much space in the bowl , thereby leaving more space for the lettuce . Overall , highly recommend !
 I purchased this salad spinner since it had overwhelmingly positive reviews on Amazon . I have not been disappointed in my purchase . I really do n't know why I did n't purchase this salad spinner sooner as I do eat a lot of salad and other vegetables . This spinner makes drying them so much easier . And I admit , it is kind of fun to push the pump and watch the spinner spin . It gets out the water really well and it 's easy to clean . I definitely recommend this product if you wash and need to dry vegetables .
 Bought this Salad Spinner about a month ago and so far it works great . We eat a lot of salad in this house hold and its great that I can prepare the salad and strain it in the same bowl and even use it bowl to serve the salad into .
 I love this salad spinner . It is much sturdier than the ones I 've used in the past . It spins well and really gets the water off . I like that the handle collapses so I can use this as the lid in the refrigerator . I was concerned about the extra cost -LRB- compared to ones I 've purchased in the past -RRB- , but the quality is well worth the price , and I expect this one will last much longer . It definitely does a better job !
 This salad spinner is small and inexpensive , making it perfect for one or two people . Salads are much quicker to make because drying the leaves takes seconds . .
 The price is right , the quality good and it is easy to wash . It is an excellent choice for any kitchen.Ruth
 Why did I wait so long to get one of these ? It 's one of my favorite pieces of equipment and I use it a lot . Well-designed and easy to use and clean .
 Replaced the previous version . It is much sturdier and easier to handle . It can be easily made to spin rapidly after several strokes .
 We used cord pull spinners for years . My wife loves this one . Uses one in one home and bought this one for the winter snowbird place so we have used it for quite a while .
 There 's a very good reason why this item has so many reviews and such a high rating - it works .
 Even if you just need to dry your socks this works fantasitcally ! It washes , dries and stores well . Get it !
 This is a large rig that works well . I find some Oxo stuff a bit silly with all the big rubber handles , but this is well-designed . Arrived quickly and without incident .
 I assumed you were paying for the oxo name with this product , but a year + on it has been the best spinner I have had . It works well , has a nice stopping feature and is easier to spin than other models I have used . I especially like that it can be disassembled to allow for the components to try out -LRB- less bacteria buildup -RRB- .
 The title is what my girlfriend says every time she uses this salad spinner . Easy to use , easy to clean .
 I have always liked salads but never liked preparing them . No matter how much I dried the greens and veggies it always seemed like I ended up with a soggy salad and water downed dressing . This is not the case any longer!This salad spinner works wonders . I place the lettuce and chopped veggies right into the removable strainer section of the spinner and rinse under cold water . I then place the strainer back into the spinner , place the top on and give it a couple of spins . A few minutes later I have a perfectly dry salad ready to eat!The spinner is well constructed and feels solid . It takes very little effort to press the button down to get the device spinning and there is a button to apply the `` brake '' when you want to slow it down . The bowl does n't move around the counter at all while it is spinning so you do not need to sit there and hold it still . You can also store the left over salad right in the spinner by placing the top back on and engaging the locking mechanism and then placing the entire device right into your refrigerator.If you are in the market for a salad spinner I really do not think you will do better than this one . I highly recommend it !
 I 'm very happy with it . It holds a lot so I can spin dry what I need to and it is very easy to use and to clean .
 The OXO Good Gripa Salad Spinner is by far the best salad spinner available . It is large enough to thoroughly wash an extra large amount of greens . Spins easily with the large press button . No pulling necessary . Removes water extremely well . Non-skid bottom prevents sliding on counter .
 I love the mini version of this salad spinner . It holds enough greens for a couple of dinner salads , works very well , and it 's easy to store because of the smaller size . Mine has been going strong for a couple of years . I love it for washing and drying herbs from the garden in the summer .
 I purchased this from a local big box store at least a year ago . It continues to go strong separating the water from my leafy greens . It seems well constructed and is fun to use .
 It washes salad very well , and unlike the other brands , it does not fall apart after a few uses ! Excellent product overall !
 I eat a lot of salad and finally decided to splurge on a good quality spinner . This is big enough to fit large leaves without breaking them , is easy to use and efficient . I love it .
 At first I thought this salad spinner was a little pricey . But based on the reviews went ahead and purchased . Has not disappointed . Worth the money !
 I was buying pre-washed salads at least once a week at a cost of $ 4 each , and it was only good enough to serve 2 people . Often the salad mix was old . I finally bought one of these so I could buy farmer market lettuce for $ 1 , and it last for 2 to 3 meals . I prep the lettuce when I get home from the market , it takes about 20 minutes , but I have fresh lettuce that lasts 1-2 weeks if you properly dry it and put it in paper towels . I recently read that pre-washed lettuce was dirtier then regular lettuce , so I 'll never go back to store bought pre-washed salad mix . Love this salad spinner .
 I bought my spinner from Amazon in 2003 for not too much less than they cost now . It has been well worth it because I 've used it a lot during that time.My greens get much drier with this than they do using a colander and towel . It makes the salads much more pleasant to eat . I 've also used this to store washed salad in the refrigerator .
 Works as described . The only slight downside would be that the plunger goes down into the bowl -LRB- protected -RRB- and that takes up a little room if you have a lot to spin .
 I purchased this salad spinner to replace an old one that was falling apart . What an improvement ! I like the way this one does n't slide around on the counter when it 's in use . I love the `` push button '' operation -- much easier to use than cranking a handle on my previous spinner . Another advantage of this product is easy cleaning -- the top separates easily so it can be cleaned well , and it 's all fine for use in the dishwasher.I use it to clean cut-up vegetables in addition to salad greens -- great for soaking them and drying them thoroughly before roasting in the oven . It 's a great little product -- I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 I shopped around for about a month and looked at several different brands of spinner but the Oxo seemed to be the heftiest of the bunch . It 's solid and has very few parts that can break . This is a long-haul type of kitchen tool.Beyond the quality of the spinner , I am amazed at the ability of this little machine to keep lettuce fresh ! I grew green leaf lettuce this spring and had a ton of it ! I was giving it to neighbors in an attempt to clear it out of the garden . One of my neighbors came back within three days asking for more because hers had already grown wilted and brown . Mine , on the other hand , stayed fresh for three weeks ! Three days versus three weeks is a big improvement for a little plastic bowl!Needless to say , I heartily recommend this appliance . What an amazing little gadget !
 I have tried many different spinners over the years and this by far has been the best one . The plastic is a sturdy blend . I have dropped this off the counter a few times and it has not cracked or broke in any way . Works great and allows for rinsing the veggies/fruit/salad inside the bowl before spinning them dry .
 I have been eating my garden grown loose leaf lettuce for almost 2 months . This machine is just about perfect . I can not think of any negitive comments . It spins even faster than I imagined . Buy one . You will not be disappointed !
 These take up a lot of room in a small kitchen but I have both the larger one and the smaller one and I love both . What I love is that you can wash and dry and store all in one . I use the larger one mostly for lettuce.I must admit that I do n't spin the smaller one much . I use it more to wash things like grapes or mushrooms . For mushrooms I start them in the large bowl and fill it up with water and then take them out , brush them , and put them in the colander bowl . Then I trim and cut them and put them back into the rinsed outer bowl . For grapes , I pick them and put them in the colander and submerge that in the water filled outer bowl and swish swish swish and then dump out the water and allow the grapes to drain or give it a quick spin.Anything that needs extensive washing can be submerged several times and then just pull out the colander and dump the water and rinse and oh yeah , you can spin it dry if you want .
 I tend to keep kitchen tools until they keel over . My old salad spinner still does the job it was intended for however it has either lost its zing or I expect something better
 This product is great . I would highly recommend it . The one thing I want people to be aware of is a small half moon shaped piece that is next to the release button . TAKE IT OUT before you try releasing the plunger . This was not in the directions and I nearly broke the thing trying to get the plunger to work . Love the grip on the bottom too . Helps to stabilize the unit while you 're spinning your greens !
 There 's a newer version out now that looks a bit prettier , but this baby works great . I would n't eat salad or herbs that have n't been washed by me , and this is the easiest way to wash and dry the greens . I bought this as a gift for my mom , and she loves it too .
 My old salad spinner from France -LRB- circa 1979 -RRB- had a handle for manually spinning the inner bowl ; thus I could crank it up as fast as I wanted in order to get the greens really dry . Unfortunately , the handle broke and for the past year , I 've been trying to manually shake off the water from the salad greens in a strainer followed by patting the greens dry with paper towels -- very ineffective and very frustrating.Looked at several salad spinners , but settled on the Oxo because my previous experience with their products left me with a good impression of their products ' consistent quality and excellent design.Using the spinner is pretty straight forward
 I have tried other salad spinners and this one is by far the best . We were buying packaged salad mix -- no more . Wash , drain and serve from the bowl fresh salad greens in minutes . Keeps fresh for days in the refrigerator . We use it all the time and just love it .
 This product is made well , for it 's price , and works wonderful!You just press down the spinner a few times and it just goes goes goes !!! and it spins while you get you condiments and fruit or , whatever , ready for it ! I love it !
 Well made , quality product that does a great job spinning salad dry and keeping left-overs fresh for a few days . I 've tried other , less expensive salad spinners and was hesitant to spend the extra money on the OXO . Now that I 've made the plunge I 'm a very statisfied user . Spinning the salad involves a few easy plunges on the handle and excess water spins off quickly . The entire unit -LRB- basket , bowl , top with spinner -RRB- is very stable and becuase the bowl has a non-slip rubber surface it can be operated with one hand . All components are dishwasher safe .
 this is the best salad spinner i 've used since it 's the easy to use & clean . others tend to spin themselves off your counter , but not this one with its rubberized bottom . plus you only need one hand to get it spinning , unlike many of the others with pull-cords or rotating tops .
 This is the BEST salad spinner !! It makes cleaning greens of any kind SO EASY . PLUS it comes with a lid , so it can be used as a bowl also . I highly recommend it !
 I wo n't bore you with the details , the other reviewers have done that . I just wanted to add another 5 star review for this great salad spinner . My wife loves it and the lettuce lasts a lot longer now .
 Just got this product -LRB- Dec 2012 -RRB- and it is great . It gets salad so dry . I usually just ate `` wet '' salad , but it was so dry I was wondering if I had indeed remembered to wash it or not . Also , the product I received has a rounded bowl -LRB- like the customer photos , not the stock photo -RRB- so I guess it has changed but amazon has not updated the stock photo yet . -RRB- The rounded bowl is attractive if you like to serve your salad in the bowl , too . Also , I thought it would be important to mention that on the OXO website , it says this product is BPA-free -LRB- I did not see , or missed , this on the amazon description -RRB- . This was a big seller for me , I would not have bought it otherwise . Lastly , this thing is SO much fun for the kids . They could n't stop playing with it - so could also be a good toy for preschoolers or young children ! - ha !
 We had the original Oxo spinner for years but it was lost in the recent Sandy storm in NJ . We reordered our old favorite and were surprised to receive this new model . It 's more stoutly constructed than before and the shape is a little different , making the moisture extraction more efficient . Best of all it 's a lot easier to clean the top . All to often improvements to a successful product are anything but ; this is a happy exception .
 Ca n't get along without this little treasure . I use it almost daily . I 've even used it to dry things other than lettuce . Works great , is quiet , granddaughter loves to &#34; help &#34; by spinning it .
 Great item , much better than the pull string type which is hard to keep clean . I bought one for my daughter several years ago and she recommended it highly so decided to replace my string pull model .
 We 've broken our last two salad spinners . It was time to try a good one . Our salad has never been happier . It cheers with delight as we joyfully spin it . I may even start spinning meat just so it does n't get jealous of the salad . I wish I was salad so I could ride in my Oxo spinner . Life is good .
 Good construction and works well.With arthritis and limited arm strength it would much easier to use if spin knob required less force to push down .
 Not only does the OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner make cleaning salad fixings a breeze , the outer core serves double duty as an attractive salad bowl . We love the fast pumping action and the quick brake stop feature . Definitely on the top shelf of things you need to keep handy in the pantry .
 Absolutely love it . Keeps lettuce fresher longer . Originally purchased an inexpensive spinner , but this one does a much better job at removing the moisture . I then store the produce in an airtight ziploc and the cutup lettuce lasts for over a week . Much more convenient to pack a quick salad for lunch .
 I have n't had any problems with breakage yet but I really do n't think it spins fast enough to dry the lettuce like it should . It takes several passes through to get it dry enough to take out and bag .
 It 's excellent with salads of course , but it 's also great for spin-drying herbs -LRB- cilantro , mint , etc -RRB- . I even use it to wash large amounts of dense vegetables , like celery and carrots . After quickly chopping them into large chunks , fill the spinner with enough water to cover the veggies and use your hand like a washing machine agitator . Pour out the water and repeat as/if necessary . Finally , use the spinner as designed.As for durability , I 've been using this thing daily for about two years and applying real force to get this thing spinning fast . It 's still in perfect condiiton .
 The bowl part -LRB- the part you wash all the time -RRB- ca n't go in the dishwasher ... it warps , and then you ca n't use it anymore . Ask me how I know ...
 I love this salad spinner . It was a requested Christmas gift last year and I use it often . Even bagged lettuces could stand a trip through the salad spinner.I load the greens in the spinner then soak in salted ice water for about 5 minutes , then drain the water & spin the greens dry . The salted ice water kills any bugs and removes dirt . Just lift up the basket & dump the water out of the bowl.It 's easy to clean and I believe it will last a good , long time . Salad lovers everywhere should get one.UPDATE
 When I got this , friends looked at me like I was nuts for buying something that just dries lettuce , but really , it 's a very handy item , especially if you eat lots of salads and do n't like 'em watery -LRB- ... like , with that pool of diluted salad dressing on the bottom of the bowl -- ick . -RRB- The push-knob makes it much less tiresome to operate than the ` crank ' style ones . Also , some spinners have holes on the bottom . This is a pain if you 're trying to use the spinner in a small sink -- I find it easier to operate it on a countertop , then just dump out the excess water later.Happy salad spinning !
 this thing is terrific ! it is great for salads as well as for vegetables that you want to stir fry . it 's simple to use and it does the job quickly . it 's for more than just leafy salad greens , i use it for a lot of chinese vegetables as well !
 Reading over some recent reviews I ca n't believe the belly aches . `` Does n't fit easily in the dishwasher '' . Who puts a salad spinner in the dishwasher ? Just rinse the lettuce bits off and let it air dry . `` Does n't spin very fast '' . How fast do you need a salad spinner to go ? If you ca n't get the Oxo Good Grips salad spinner to spin fast enough to dry lettuce you are either over-filling it or you ca n't pump the easy ergonomic handle for some reason . This unit is well designed and comfortable to use . Why do I give it only 4 stars ? After about 3 years the spinning mechanism on the lid came apart on mine . I was able to snap it together but it periodically comes apart . The act of pushing down hard on the mechanism over and over is just tough on a relatively cheap plastic object . All salad spinners have some variant of this problem , though . Pull cord ones get tangled or rotted cords . Crank ones wear out their gears . Go with the Good Grips - they 're easy on the hands .
 I would n't THINK of making salad without a spinner and I 'd NEVER go back to one of my former ones after using the OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner -LSB- In fact I have two , just in case the first should break ... I do that with a few of the OXO kitchen gadgets -RSB- If you do n't have this salad spinner . . GET one today ! It is a work horse and so easy and comfortable to use .
 This has got to be the best salad spinner ever , on that point I agree with all the other rave reviews . But just try picking this unit up off a shelf when you have wet hands -- or even dry hands !!!!!!! It 's difficult !!!! Just wish they would put a small , very small , handle , ridge or inset on the bowl !!! Please !!!
 My wife and I eat lots of salads and really enjoy this product . We use it when we come home from the store to clean all our greens . Very good , affordable product !
 I enjoy having this . I feel even the bagged salads must now be washed also , especially after the spinich e. coli breakout . I used to buy full leaf lettuce and wash then dry on papertowels individually . This makes it so much easier ! Bagged salads last longer when I store in here instead . I buy a lot of bag salad , and in a day or two one can see how much moisture builds up inside . I transfer the bags over to the spinner and it 's no problem any longer . Be forewarned that this size can barely acommodate an entire bagged salad , but minus a bowl or two it is perfect for the rest of the bag ! -LRB- Read the bigger size may have difficulty fitting on some fridge shelves . -RRB- I also like to use it for other things like mushrooms , cherry tomatoes , grapes , and washing fresh herbs .
 I ca n't believe I ever lived without this salad spinner . The pump design is flawless - three or four pumps and you can leave your produce to spin dry . The bowl is perfectly balanced ; those couple of pumps allow it to spin almost five minutes if the inside sieve is not completely filled . And , best of all , the whole unit stores very easily with the other plastic bowls and whatnots . I used this to clean organic spinach the other day . It you are a fan of such , you have most likely encountered grit in even the best hand-washed variety . Not with the salad spinner ! Furthermore , the leaves stay crisp and fresh . I 've also used this with leeks and mushrooms and other hard to clean produce . You wo n't believe how much better and fresher your food will taste .
 I used to think salad spinners were a waste of money . When I finally bought one , I got the most inexpensive one I could find . It was ok , but soon broke . The next time around , I splurged on the OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner . I 've had mine for several months and it is still in great condition . It seems to have twice the capacity of my previous salad spinner and I love the single-hand operation . I had to hold my old salad spinner down with one hand and rotate the spinner handle with the other . With the OXO , you just depress the handle several times instead of spinning . To store , just depress the handle and press the small locking button to lock the handle in the down position . The outside bowl is nice enough that I can use it to serve the salad in for our everyday meals . My salads really do taste better and stay fresh longer when I use the OXO to dry the lettuce for the salad .
 After being asked as a young child to spin the salad for my mother , who has always had weak joints , but then developed Fibro Mialgia , I knew that the standard salad spinner was , at best , like wrestling a bucking animal ! My mother discovered the Good Grips products on vacation , and has begun replacing everything in the kitchen with the rubber-handled wonders . For mother 's day this year , I was searching for something special , and despite how blase a salad spinner may seem , my mother actualled Giggled with delight at being able to rinse and spin-dry her greens again ! She was so excited , even more than I could have hoped . Being unable to operate most hand-pumped/wound/pulled items has been frustrating for her , but she still smiles when she uses her OXO Salad Spinner . It 's amazing what a company like this can do for the quality of life for those who would otherwise be left behind .
 This is the best salad spinner I 've ever used . The description is deceptive -- it is big enough to spin salad for a small family dinner . -LRB- It is small , but not tiny -RRB- I like the `` brake '' so I do n't have to waste time waiting for the thing to stop spinning . I also like the button that holds the large knob down for easy storage . This was designed for convenience and durability .
 The inner bowl is a latticework of white plastic , with holes small enough to keep shreds of lettuce in yet plentiful enough to let out all the dirt . We follow the Alton Brown-approved method of cleaning lettuce - we put the lettuce in the latticework bowl , put that inside the outer plastic bowl , fill with cold water , and allow it to sit for at least a few minutes . This allows the dirt to settle to the bottom.Then we lift the latticework bowl out and pour out the water . Put it back into the now-empty clear plastic bowl , and top with the funky-looking lid . Release the `` pump , '' which will pop up -LRB- I recommend having a hand on it so it does n't pop up very suddenly and loudly - spring-released and all that -RRB- . Then press down repeatedly on the pump , spinning the inner bowl - like most Oxo products , this is very easy on the hands.Now here 's the cool part . Unlike any other salad spinner I 've seen , this one has a brake ! When you want to stop spinning your lettuce , press the little black button and it 'll immediately stop the spinning . Lift off the top , and you 're done!The only minor problem is that it 's hard to dry everything off . The top mechanism is enclosed , and it 's likely to get at least a little wet inside during the spinning process . You just have to put it in a rack and wait for it to dry - you ca n't dry the inside with a towel . Likewise , it 's tough to dry the latticework bowl with a towel because of all those nooks and crannies .
 I have had this spinner for about 6 months and I love it . I have a very small kitchen and the large spinner is just too large to store . This one will hold 1 romaine heart at a time so I just do several batches of lettuce at once . Once it is spun , I put it into a ziploc bag in the produce drawer and it will last for 2-3 weeks -LRB- I have a fairly new fridge-that helps -RRB- . The money I saved on lettuce alone paid for this very quickly . Also the little black button you see in the photo stops the spinning-very nice to be able to do .
 The OXO line of products are absolutely fantastic . I have almost all of their products in my kitchen , and have no regrets of buying any of them . Sure , their products cost a little more than the other competition , and people are hesitant to spend more money for a product without knowing the features or reasons why the product costs more . The Salad Spinner is wonderful ! The bowl has no holes to drain the water , which is kind of wierd , but never fear ! You just empty the water out , and it works better thn the ones with the holes in them . The bowl is proper for serving on the table , too ! No need to mess another bowl .
 I have been trying to eat healthier lately , and this salad spinner definitely helps . You will also save money because the lettuce lasts so much longer spun and dried and stored in the spinner - it is still green and crunchy for up to a week . I have been buying big bags of romaine hearts at Costco and it is tons cheaper than the bagged lettuce at the grocery store .
 We bought the small salad spinner while we were living in NYC . With extremely limited space , this spinner does n't take up much room and works perfectly ! The push button is easy to use and more convenient than the spinners where you pull the string . 21/2 years later and this salad spinner still works ! When we decide to upgrade to the larger size , we may try the steel salad spinner ... The OXO salad spinner is a great investment !
 I had a salad spinner before and did n't like it . The greens were still wet no matter how much I spun them . This one dries the greens very well . It is so easy to spin .
 It is fun to use and clean up is pretty easy . It is built well . And my salads taste fresher .
 My wife and I eat salads every day . Before we starting using the salad spinner we were throwing a lot of salad ingrediants away . The salad spinner makes cleaning greens easy . Once the salad is made , the salad spinner dries the greens and keeps the salad fresher longer . The large capacity salad bowl stores a couple of days worth of salads . It helps keep salad prep time down to a minimum . We think it was well worth the investment .
 This is a nice item to clean your salad mixings . It is easy to clean and I would highly recommend this .
 Stop buying bagged salad kits and save money on your grocery bill . Salad kits cost about $ 3 - $ 4 per pound -LRB- most bags come in 12oz or 9oz sizes -RRB- . This is a huge time saver for home-cooked meals . No more shaking wet lettuce in the sink ! The spinner rotates quickly with a few light pushes . It also has a brake and the container can double as a storage bowl for leafy greens.The spinner works great for more than salad . Try cabbage for slaw , shrimp for cocktails and vegetable slices for grilling and baking .
 I highly recommend this as one of the must haves in the kitchen . All of the stand alone draining can not get rid of the excess water from washing . I particularly this OXO brand because it comes with an additional plastic top so I store my leafy greens in the fridge without the spinning rod . I also use it for my fruits , and it has proven especially handy for getting off the moisture from washing my strawberries so I could dip them in chocolate . I did spin some french fries in it to get off the excess grease , but did n't enjoy having to clean out all of those grid spaces , but worked well for this also.it was very sturdy as I have accidentally dropped it several times .
 Throwing away brown , slimy lettuce used to be my hobby . But I saw the OXO salad spinner listed as a `` cool tool '' on Kevin Kelly 's web site and decided I would try one , even though it seemed a tad expensive . I 'll tell ya ' , throwing away lettuce is expensive ! This thing works . It is as simple as that . It feels heavy and well built , too . The mechanism is very solid feeling . Recommended !
 This is the second Oxo Salad Spinner I have owned . I used my previous one daily for many , many years . The only reason I bought a new one is because I dropped it and it had a small crack in it . I love the new clear top . Would n't use anything else to prepare a salad .
 I washed some grapes the other day and tried to get all the water off the grapes and it did n't really work . I guess it really only works for salad or something . Just not enough centripetal force with plastic I guess .
 I am not a gadget person , but this is a keeper ! No more wet salads ! My greens are fresher and my salad dressings are not diluted with water . Love this product .
 This item really does the job it dries the salad items so that the dressing sticks and does not become watery . Great price and fast service .
 The Oxo salad spinner is the very best spinner I have ever used and I have used a few . The bowl can be used to store the salad greens in but the lid was missing from my package . It grips the kitchen counter and you only have to spin it once or twice . Salad greens are dry and crisp . It 's also good for spining other vegetables i.e. leeks , carrots , any vegetables you might want dry before using .
 The OXO Good Grips does a really good job at drying my fruits and vegetables . The only complaint I have is that I would like to get it started and let it spin while I do something else . It is n't a delicately balanced `` machine ; '' it will rock and walk if left alone . For the price , I 'm not complaining - it is a great spinner .
 I bought this for my daughter and she loves it ! Now I want to buy the smaller one .
 I bought this to spin home grown sprouts and micro greens . Works like a charm .
 This thing is a hoot . Sure , it does a good job of spinning salad - but the pumping action beats any crank style spinning . Gets some great rpms ! Even has a brake to stop it ! It only holds enough for one serving -LRB- at least one serving my size -RRB- , and it would have been great to be big enough to do several servings at a time - but what it does , it does very well . No more soggy lettuce and diluted salad dressing !
 Works great . Size is perfect . Love the all-in-one strainer/spinner/bowl thing . Makes me much more likely to make salads now .
 This is a great kitchen item to have , it really gets out the extra water and allows your favorite dressing to cling to the salad . A must have at a great price .
 I purchased this a few years back -LRB- not from amazon -RRB- and loved it . It was big enough to wash a whole green leaf lettuce , spinned nicely , and removed most of the water . However , the lid was accidentally dropped on the kitchen tile floor and a part on the bottom cracked . From then on it was trouble . The button would push down but not come back up and start the spinning . I tried unsuccessfully to keep using it but it was more effort than it was worth.So ... yes I would recommend it , but NEVER drop the plastic lid , as it 's the hard type of plastic and will crack on a hard surface . The transparency of the base was really nice to see how much water had been spun out . The rubberized top button was great too . My slippery formica countertop is not so nice when things skate off onto the floor .
 Bought this for my mother for Christmas since she always dried her lettuce with paper towel after washing them . We now use this item for cleaning our lettuce or any greens . Defiantly removes the water quickly and easy to clean right away !
 I bought this salad spinner on a whim after never thinking that I would need one . I hated drying lettuce so I would just buy the pre-washed bagged stuff and called it good . But , after seeing a friend use one before a dinner party I decided to give it a `` spin '' and I was not disappointed . I was impressed by how dry and crisp it made my lettuce but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it really does keep your salad fresh in the refrigerator , even after I went back to it 4 days later . Everything - cucumbers , peppers , tomatoes , lettuce - still tasted fresh and I 'm definitely going to be buying heads of lettuce and cutting it all up ahead of time for salad all week ! Love it !
 I purchased this OXO salad spinner to replace a smaller version . This one is very well balanced , and takes very little effort to start the spinning action , and it sets still , without assistance , and remains spinning a lenghty amount of time . It is also very easy to take apart for cleaning . I 'm very happy with this product .
 Great salad spinner ! Sooo much better than my electric one . The bottom stays still while spinning . And it really gets all the water off my lettuce .
 Really awesome product ! Especially with the little break button to stop the spinning almost instantly . Easy to disassemble and clean . My only reason for not giving full stars is because of the motor . It 's so big that it takes up quite a bit of space inside so you ca n't fit as much of whatever you 're spinning . If the design was made with the motor somehow built on the outside , it would be perfect !
 I have wanted one of these for some time . I kept reading that even when you buy organic pre-washed lettuce they were finding bacteria , including E. coli on it . So do n't think your safe !! As a germ-a-phobe I was washing my lettuce and wasting paper towels -LRB- not very ecological or economical -RRB- to dry it . This little machine is a godsend ! It 's fast , easy to use , and best of all , a fantastic price ! I 'll spoiled now , . . I 'll never go back !
 I have this OXO salad spinner and love it . Bought this one for my sister who 's spinner was tough on my Carpel Tunnel . The pumping motion on this spinner makes an easy job of getting the water off the lettuce . In my opinion , it 's the best one out there .
 We love to have a fresh salad , especially in the spring , summer and fall when the produce is less expensive . We always make sure that we thoroughly wash the produce to avoid any issues with contamination . My wife loves this salad spinner as you can rinse your vegetables and greens till you are sure they are clean and then spin them easily and get rid of the excess water.It makes your salad healthier as you are sure the ingredients are clean and you do n't get the water in the bottom of your salad bowl to dilute your salad dressing . We use this all the time and it has held up very well . We are used to having it and we would buy another if it ever broke because we are so used to the convenience of using it.It states that it is dishwasher safe but we wash ours by hand and it has been fine . This is a great product and well worth the money if you eat a lot of salads !
 Very pleased with the OXO Good Grips Mini Salad spinner . It will be great to wash strawberries and blueberries when they are in season and freeze them . Kudos to OXO for a terrific product .
 This is only my second salad spinner . I bought it after seeing it used on a cooking show and I really like the mechanism -- plunge and spin vs. cranking . It has a big bowl and the design for catching water is well done . It probably deserves five stars , but rinsing soap suds from between the lid and the spinner is a little difficult . Ok , 4.5 stars .
 Salad greens come out really dry ! It spins smoothly , brakes easily and pumps efficiently . I like the lock to keep the pump down for storage . It 's big to store in the fridge , but if you have the space , it keeps the lettuce fresh and crisp .
 My wife loves it . I was skeptical but i am now a believer . It is gross to see all the crappy water that comes off after spinning !
 This is our second one . The first one disappeared after 10 years or so . We thought buying another one would make the original reappear . That did n't happen , but we are very happy with it . Easy use , smooth spin , effective . We bought some cheaper ones in the interim . They did n't spin the water out , made a lot of noise and were wonky . Should have just bit the bullet earlier and saved the hassle .
 Not the most expensive but the best ! The salad spinner spins with one hand and is very stable to operate . This spinner is easy to clean and store . Do n't think the low price means you will compromise on constuction quality , easy of operation or salad spin drying efficiency -- the OXO SALAD SPINNER is top quality in all areas .
 My first salad spinner finally met its demise at the hands of the grandchildren , who loved to spin it at top speed until whatever greens contained therein were dried beyond recognition . After several years of such abuse , who could blame the spinner for finally `` choking '' ? I love my new Oxo as much as my first , but will probably encourage the children to help in some other area of kitchen prep in order to prolong the life of this wonderful salad spinner .
 It 's just like it 's bigger brother and works exactly the same . I love OXO 's products and this one has n't disappointed me thus far.I would recommend the larger over this one if you deal with a good amount of greens but for my needs this is fine .
 Loved it so much I bought 2 more , one for our summer rental and one for a friend . Easy to use and has many uses . Can store greens in refrigerator after spinning , can use basket to wash vegetables , can even use bowl to serve salad . Nice that the top locks down to save storage space . Also rubber anti skids are a nice touch .
 The spinner works well . It does what it is intended to do . Takes up a lot of cabinet space though . If you have space to spare , I recommend it .
 Best salad spinner I ever owned , much less strain on the hands then those crank handle ones and it does a way better job on your salads and anything you put in it , GREAT PRODUCTWould recommend it .
 These work very well , but as other reviews have stated the gears in the spinner are plastic . Remember to start slowly and let the speed of the spinner build up . Also dump excess water . It drags on the basket increasing stress on the gears . -LRB- This applies to the spinners with a draw cord , also . I 've had both types and both work well . -RRB- It is worth the trouble . I had thrown a lot of lettuce away until I got one of these .
 i think the spinner is very well made . what can I say ? It spins lettuce well . It cleans up nicely .
 The pump action is very easy to use . The spinning to release the water is very high . Releases more water than any other spinner I have had . Would highly recommend .
 Great item . I hate having wet lettuce because it dilutes my salad dressing , but this works great , and the kids like to use it too !
 This salad spinner works great . It has a rubber grip on the bottom so it does n't slip when you use it.I would recommend this product .
 Finally able to have salads and not have to worry about getting SICK from bacteria still on my supposedly `` pre-washed '' salad mix . . This salad spinner gets all the water out after washing my salad mix . . Very happy with my purchase and I would buy it again ... Highly recommended !
 I highly recommend this product to anyone who enjoys salads . It is easy to use and clean up is effortless . Spins 2-4 standard salad servings .
 Very , very pleased with the ease at how this works . The results are better than I initially imagined . Easy to clean . Most of the time my wife and I use the bowl as our server , just add some dressing and we 're ready to go .
 This is a great salad spinner . It is a little on the large size but I did n't want one of those dinky spinners . The OXO spinner is full of wonderful features
 it was just what she wanted and came fast . she had not been able to find it anywhere in local stores
 I have to tell you that this is the best salad spinner ever ! I lost the top to my first one , so now I have 2 bowls and baskets and one spinner . I am so happy to have the extra bottoms ! The salad spins nice and dry .
 Spins well and dries lettuce as expected . Main plastic bowl should be designed a bit thicker . I wo n't place the large acrylic bowl in the dishwasher for fear of it losing it 's shape from excessive heat . Great product and would have rated it a 5 star if the bowl was a bit heavier . You wo n't be disappointed . I recommend you purchase the spinner .
 How many times have you reached in the fridge for the salad you just washed and shredded the day before and you find it 's already wilting and browning ? Too many times for me ! This is a super product , designed to keep optimal moisture for keeping salads at the peek of freshness . This salad spinner will make it possible for the salad to be eaten entirely before the salad leaves expire , leaving no waste . This product is well made , durable , easy to clean , fun to use , and it really does what it 's supposed to do . What I love about this product is my grade school boys like to push the spinner button and spin the lettuce and then wait for it to stop cycling ... and then serve up a bowl of salad to eat themselves . Before , they would n't have had anything to do with a salad to eat , now they are interested in this NEW food ! This salad spinner is a must have for health conscious families ! Great buy , highly recommended !
 Works well , well built and easy to clean . Have no problems after a few months of use .
 Not only good to wash fast and easy salads but also convinient to wash all kinds vegetables . If you want to make small size salads , there is a litle size model as well . I am making salad everyday . I can not think of washing it without OXO . You will love it.Recommened
 My old salad spinners were cheap . What a difference a few dollars make ! It does the job extremely well -- it 's fast and effecient . This one is much easier to use . I love the stop feature and the rubberized footing that keeps it stable on the counter . Dishwasher safe and has a storage lid . What more could you want . I 've found that the greens keep well in the spinner when you line the basket with paper towels.I enthusiasticly recommend this product to anyone who needs a salad spinner .
 My wife and I saw this salad spinner on the Ellen DeGeneres show . Her guest gave it to her as a gift and my wife said , `` I 'd love one of those '' . So I bought her one for a birthday gift . All I know is she says it 's GREAT !
 Not all salad spinners are created alike , but this is up there with the best . I love it ! Going to be buying several more for gifts.I 've had this for about 6 months now . Its sturdy , well constructed , spins easily , spinner handle contracts nicely into spinner bowl for storage , spinns water off letuce and greens nicely and has a small rubber banded area on botton to keep in place on counter while spinning . Well thought out design .
 bought it figuring I would n't use it that often -- I was wrong . I not only use it to wash salad greens , I use it for beans when making bean salad , and other veggies as well ... it handles it well and is fun and easy to use .
 Love this salad spinner ! Works very well , and is easy -- just press , no crank to tire out your arm . Mine also came with a storage lid , so if you 're prepping for a crowd , just pop the lid on for later . Space can be an issue , but if you like fresh salad , this is a winner . One plus on size , the spin button locks down so it 's a bit less tall . You can even get a berry basket to go with it . Highly recommend this product .
 We eat a lot of greens in our house so this gets used almost every day . It does its job well , and is easy to operate . I appreciate the plunger lock which enables it to store more compactly , and has proven itself durable . My 3 year old loves to put small toys in it to spin , and it has held up just fine .
 I use my OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner every day for the last 20 years or so . Today , I thought I wonder if someone invented a better salad spinner ... . So I checked and this one is still rated # 1 and mine still works as good as the day I purchased it . I guess there is no improving on perfection . yet .
 I 've been using this perticular salad spinner -LRB- previous version with white lid on it -RRB- for seven years . My only complain about this spinner is mold grows underneath the plastic bowl along the edge of rubber ring after one year of useage . Other than that , this is a very good spinner . It dries greens very effectively . I love my spinner . However , recently I dropped the plastic bowl on the floor and it got cracks on the bottom . Water would then leak out from the cracks . I contacted customer service to seek the possibility of parts replacement via email . Got their response two days after . They asked me to fill out some specifications about my spinner . Today , ten days after I responsed them , I got the plastic bowl . Looking forward to use this spinner for another seven years . Their customer service is superior . Highly recommond everyone who has problem with their products to contact them . Oh ~ Forgot to mention this replacement is free of charge , not even shipping fee .
 I bought this salad spinner when the one I purchased at Target broke . It had a pull cord that jammed , so I was looking to avoid that feature . This one works great . I normally do two spins to be very thorough . I spin once , open it up , take out the basket , tip out any liquid , shake the lettuce in the basket , reassemble and spin once more . If you 're prepping a lot of greens , I recommendProgressive International LKS-06 Lettuce Keeperto store lettuce for a week + . Also , this might just be me , but I 'm not totally comfortable using the bowl to serve from as others have described . I mean , are n't you spinning off water that is removing dirt and chemicals from the greens ? And are n't those chemicals and dirt thus being spun onto the sides of the bowl ? It would make a nice serving bowl , but I 'd probably wash it post spin and pre serve .
 I had read that water on some vegetables while in the refrigerator can speed up thedegrading process . I knew it was a good idea to wash all vegetables before eating.The solution is a salad spinner . I spent quite some time researching the reviewresults on various salad spinners and this OXO appeared to be the best.I received it and immediately put it to use . It is everything it was advertised tobe and both my wife and I are extremely pleased with this product.I am recommending it to all of my friends .
 i like it and it can be used to store your salad but its BIG . . my tiny fridge.I love the stop button and speed at which water drains out from salad . GREAT investment for me as a vegan !!
 Big , easy to use , easy to clean . Clear top let 's you see what 's inside , helpful when storing greens in the fridge . Great buy !
 This thing really does work great . Keeps salad clean and fresh . The plastic will have some staining over time but does n't effect the use of the product . I would buy another any time I needed one . The top pump part does lock down for easier storage .
 Got my first salad spinner on Amazon and love it . This one spins so smoothly and I noticed the leftover lettuce stays so much fresher for longer now because its dry . Highly recommend this .
 Really love it , serve salad more often . Love the way it spins the salad greens dry.Had it for about three weeks . Would recommend it to anyone .
 Good product that gets the job done well . Have owned for three years and is still like new .
 I have to agree with the reviewer that mentions they really had n't bothered much with fixing salad at home until this great product arrived . This is priceless . I bought the larger size and was able to wash and store 2 good sized bunches of romaine lettuce . Cleaning lettuce used to be such a chore and no matter how many paper towels I wasted , the lettuce never really felt dry enough - there was always residual water on the leaves - YUK ! Who wants to wipe down each individual leaf ? Not me!Simply tear apart the leaves into what ever size you want , then rinse the leaves right in the strainer portion , put it into the main bowl , locked the little slide and give it a few pumps and PRESTO - nice clean and dry lettuce ready to use . If your refrigerator allows for the space , you can leave the remaining lettuce in the unit for future use - How much easier can it get?I find we are now enjoying being able to have more salads at home thanks to this incredible device - Have to give it 5 stars for making my life easier and healthier ! A very worthwhile product .
 I saw this product on several of those Food Network cooking shows . I 'm naturally suspiscious of products endorsed by tv hacks because I assume it 's a conflict of interest - the manufacturer is probably a paid sponsor . Well in the case of any of the Oxo products that I 've seen on these programs I have to say they SHOULD recommend them HIGHLY . The Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner is an absolute winner ! Simply the best salad spinner that I 've used . The great features
 I used to use napkins to take excess water off vegetables . Then I found this spinner and it works great ! However , I bought the bigger one , which is more of a family size one . If you want something for just yourself , the small one would probably be a better purchase .
 I like Oxo products and this is no exception ; but , I wish I 'd gotten a small one because this is so large that it 's only useful for large family meals .
 got this for my mom ... i have had the same one for several years and it is in top shape ! very easy to use , holds alot anddoes a great job ... easy to clean , too . great kitchen tool !
 Great to have in the kitchen for washing all kinds of greens . Holds plenty for big family salads . Or wash lots of greens at once and store the whole thing in the fridge if you 've got the room . Easy to use and you wo n't believe all the water it draws off.Seems a little pricey but I 've had one for years so they do hold up .
 Great product . I love the way it can be used to hold the produce after the spin dry operation . Saves on having to use an extra container .
 I bought this to replace my small Ikea salad spinner . I used to have a tedious process of rinsing , spinning and packing my lettuce away . I love this Oxo spinner because it is big enough to hold a whole head of lettuce -LRB- romaine at least -RRB- . And after spinning it is dry enough that I can just leave it in the bowl to store it . I also do n't have to break my arm spinning it at hard as I can . It does the work for you and looks nice too . I do n't know if you can go wrong with this brand ! Spendy yes . But it would have been cheaper if I had n't bought the cheap salad spinner to begin with .
 If I 'd known how well the OXO Salad Spinner works I would have bought one long ago . It is far superior to the old hand crank spinner I was using . Washing salad greens wih the OXO is almost effortless . It is easy to clean too .
 No wonder they named themselves OXO , that 's for all the hugs & kisses their consumers will send their way with praise . The Good Grips Salad spinner is simple genius . The lettuce bowl itself is made of a thick , clear plastic mold that appears very sturdy . It gets better -- the top has a rubber seat so that if your hand is wet it wo n't slip easily . Great design.Once you 've thrown your wet lettuce in and snapped on the solid white top just push down on the plunger/propeller 3 or 4 times -LRB- does n't take a ton of strength to do either -RRB- and you 've got your spinner going with major velocity . That 's all it should take with a modest load of lettuce in , then simply depress the black rubber brake button on the tops surface and everything comes to a sharp halt . PRESTO ! your lettuce is try and ready to be tossed into whatever your palette calls for .
 I finally broke down after years of drying lettuce on paper towels and bought the OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner . It performed as promised , making a salad became a breeze . After owning it for 6 months and making use of it about twice a month , the push down handle completely broke from the spindle , rendering the whole spinner useless . This happened on Christmas Day while I was preparing a large meal for several guests . I am very disappointed that a simple kitchen gadget costing -LSB- price -RSB- had such a short life .
 I am very pleased with my new salad spinner . It can hold a large amount of salad , which means I do not have to reload and do the work over and over . The mechanism is easy to use and works smoothly . I am also able to soak the salad in icewater in it , and then drain it and spin , all in the same piece of equipment .
 I love this spinner . Cooks Illustrated , which essentially serves the function of Consumer Reports for anyone serious about cooking , loves it too in their rating of a number of different spinners.Never any problems using or cleaning it in the months we 've owned it . I 've put the bowl and colander through the dishwasher with no problems , but I would n't put the top piece through , even though OXO says you can . A quick rinse in the sink is plenty to keep it clean , though.It requires hardly any strength to use -- just push down the knob and it gets going fast . Use the brake button if you just ca n't wait for the dang thing to slow down , or -LRB- if you 're like me -RRB- just for your own personal entertainment . It 's a toy with buttons ; they are meant to be played with!I notice a few reviewers complained that this spinner broke -- OXO has a great lifetime warranty and will replace anything that breaks as a result of normal use . So if yours is defective for any reason , there 's no reason for you to be out any money .
 This is by far the most used thing in my kitchen ... I 'm not much of a cook , so I make a lot of salads . I used to cut my romaine and spread it all over the counter on paper towels to blot it dry . I got the salad spinner from a friend , and it has been awesome ! The lettuce is practically dry to the touch after you spin it once or twice . This is definitely worth the price and more !
 This salad spinner is wonderful . It has a lock top , to make it easier to store . Plus , the spinner is strong enough to spin my potatoes when I want to make French Fries!It is sturdy...easy-to-clean ... easy-to-store -LRB- you can slip other things inside it -RRB- .
 I do enjoy salads , but I do n't enjoy all the prep work cleaning the greens for the salads . What 's a girl to do ? Well , I got off my butt and read through reviews of various salad spinners and checked out what my friends had.This spinner was worth the search . I ca n't believe how simple it is to use . Rinse greens , put in spinner , pump the handle a few times and then hit the button . When you take off the lid , you have clean and ` just moist ' greens . Which , if you apply salad dressings to your greens , means you actually enjoy the flavor of the dressing ON the greens rather than have it slide right off the soggy greens of the pre-salad spinner days.Since I enjoy buying organic greens whenever possible , this has been a time saver . Let 's face it , organic spinach is filthy ! It is usually splattered with mud and grit . So in the past , it took several rinsings in a colander before the water ran clear . Now , I have clean , organic greens in about 45 seconds . And given the design , the greens are not in contact with the dirty water . So your clean greens , stay clean ... now all you have to do is dress the salad.Oh , the size of the clear bowl makes a great serving bowl for parties . I prepare a salad , put the lid on , depress the pump , lock it into place , and then set the whole container in the refrigerator . Then , when guests arrive , I can take it out from the ` frige , remove the lid , and have enough salad to feed a small army . Leftovers also store well in this container . Though with clean , no-soggy greens , who 's gon na have leftovers ?
 Making salads before the salad spinner left them getting soggy and going bad so fast since there was so much excess water left on the lettuce after washing it . Now I can wash them off in the strainer and then spin all of the excess water off . I have been able to make a large salad at once and keep it for days longer than before keeping it fresh and crispy and green instead of browning so soon too .
 You 'd think that a salad spinner is a salad spinner , but no . There are differences . The inner sieve can be thin and break easily . And then there 's the issue of the spin knob itself . My previous one had a knob that was downright clumsy to use . This one is very well-designed . Of course , the way we USED to spin salad dry was to put it in a French collapsing wire basket and step on the balcony and wave it about , daringly , allowing centrifugal force to hold in the Romaine and drive out the wash water . You looked daft for two minutes and the cat got wet , but it was fun . Unless it was raining . This is better .
 I try to eat well , and have used various salad spinners in the past to prepare healthy salads . This will be my third spinner in as many years , and so far I 'm blown away by how much different this one is from my previous ones . For starters , the construction is far superior to any spinner that I 've owned before . The plastic is heavier and the mechanics are smoother . Because of this high quality construction and superior engineering , the OXO spinner is head and shoulders above any other spinner out there . The push-down operation is almost theraputic in feel and motion . It gets up to full speed in only 3 or 4 pushes , and the pushing is effortless . It is also very quiet when it is spinning , even at such high speeds . The top and the lettuce basket connect firmly and there is no slipping between them -LRB- a problem with my previous spinners -RRB- . This spinner is very large , enough to spin the salad for an entire family 's meal -LRB- or one salad for a hungry college student ! -RRB- . Make sure that you have the room to store this sucker though , as it 's about 7 '' tall with a 10 '' diameter . My only observance that was a bit of surprise is that OXO did not engineer this spinner to have the capacity to accept water while spinning . This feature was something that was included in my old spinners , although I am doubtful as to the ability for water running from the faucet into a spinner and out the bottom of the bowl to get the lettuce clean . This may be a concern to some people who do not wish to wash their lettuce by hand before spinning it in the OXO to dry . I , however , do n't mind because I think that conducting the wash by hand results in cleaner greens . This consideration aside , I recommend this OXO spinner very highly . OXO is quality !
 I 'll admit it
 We have tried them all and this is the best-designed salad spinner we have ever seen . One hand operation spins and dries salad perfectly and it even has a brake to stop spinning in an instant . We got our first one last year and have been giving them as gifts ever since . OXO products are all perfect for people who have difficulty handling ordinary kitchen tools .
 This salad spinner is terrific ! Good solid rubber non-slip base keeps it secure on the counter while the handy push operating plunger sends the lettuce into a spinning oblivion . Spinner also has a spinner brake and a lock for the plunger . Overall , this is the best salid spinner I have seen available on the market .
 Oxo International has always held a valuable reputation of quality kitchen tools . And this salad spinner is no exception . It 's quick , easy , and fun . One hand usage adds to its utilization , like when my growing puppy is pawing up my counter , helping me cook dinner and I need my other hand to block his determined interests!The large capacity allows for a hearty spun dry salad . I have found , not only can I dry the lettuce leaves , but I use this spinner to mix my salads as well . After the drying , I empty the water , put my spices , croutons , and even a dash of olive oil onto the greenery in the handy inner bowl , then give it a brief swirl . Everything comes out perfectly mixed and ready to serve.This makes a great healthy-eating gift at a bargain price .
 I 'm going to be eating a lot healthier after getting this great tool , I 'll tell you that . I like salads , but my wife and I usually do not make them because of the length of time that it takes to prepare them and clean up , and besides the lettuce usually goes bad within a couple of days . Not so with the Oxo salad spinner . Suddenly , mixing salads has become a piece of cake , with the water going to the bottom . It keeps lettuce dry and crisp in the refrigerator . In short , it makes salads worth the trouble again . One salad can last us pretty much all week , depending on the ingredients . I only wish it was a little bit cheaper , but that 's only because I 'm a cheapskate . I 'd avoid other brands , which have spotty durability records . -LRB- Oh , and we put ours in the dishwasher , top rack , without any trouble -RRB- .
 A chicken in every pot ? A car in every garage ? A salad drier in every kitchen ? Now OXO , designers of the most innovative salad dryer has made a sized-down version that works exactly the same but takes less space than its award-winning predecessor.Call it `` cute '' but this mini-workhorse performs its chores with precision and is perfect for smaller portions , herbs and more delicate ingredients such as berries or mushrooms.Besides taking less space in the cupboard or countertop , it is also the ideal size for small households and for compact kitchens like boat galleys and RV kitchens .
 I 've had this salad spinner for four months now and since I bought it , preparing salads is a pleasure . It 's very easy and simple to operate it ... all you need is one hand . The non-slip bottom really keeps the bowl in place . I think the stop button is a great feature . It slowly brings the bowl from spinning at a speed of 2000 rpm to 0 rpm without halting it abruptly . Love that . I 've owened several cheap salad spinners before I finally decided to buy the OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner and now I finally found THE ONE . Since I 've had it , I noticed that when I store salad in the fridge it stays fresh and crisp longer . That 's because all the water is removed . I highly recommend the OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner to everyone .
 The OXO salad spinner is made of 3 parts
 I was hit with the `` budget bug '' and bought this used here ... should 've paid the extra $ 10 for a new one , just because we use it every day .
 Great product , works just as advertised . EVen did a great , gentle , job with Berries . Was given to me as gift , when I was in a tiny apartment . I had no cabinet space so it became a , decorative piece above my fridge when not in use . But that is not OXO 's fault . I really enjoy this product .
 This was the gift I gave to my mother for her birthday . She loves how she can use the bowl to give the leaves a cold water bath , dump out the water , and spin off the excess . I also gave her the `` store '' set with the lid . Then she can just snap the lid on and keep her lettus in the fridge and keep it crisp .
 Again , I am amazed at the versatility of this spinner . I find that I can keep my salad GREEN and unspoiled for about 3 weeks . Still very good taste . Normally , am afraid of these things , because they usually promise more than they give , but believe you will love it . It even has a brake on it !! I find gentle pushing of the plunger on top is best . After reading some other ratings that others had trouble with breakage , I was a bit concerned , but all worries aside . You will LOVE it !!
 Tired of gritty Spinach , grimy escarole , and soggy lettuce ? Look no further . Spin away those grimy particles quickly and easily . Salad greens and leafy vegetables are clean and crisp after using this spinner . You can move ahead smoothly with your preparation of the rest of the meals . While the spinner is spinning away , saving you time , check out some Emeril Lagasse and Grahan Kerr cookbooks . Treat your family to a nutritional creative culinary delight . Crank it up a notch ! Bam !
 It does what it says and says what it does .
 We use our OXO spinner nearly every day . It is mighty . We have had it for two years and it still works beautifully . Salad greens go in wet , spin around , come out dry . Simple . It has n't failed us yet . The dubious feature is the brake . The button is small and requires quite a bit of force to make it work . I never expected an instant `` whiplash '' stop from it , but if you do have arthritis I ca n't imagine the brake will be your friend.Overall it 's a very good spinner and we are happy to own it but I 'd like to see OXO improve the design of the brake .
 A tad pricey but does a great job & seems built like a tank . Do n't even consider a smaller one !
 No other salad spinner compares . I want the smaller model as well . Both can be used for other things such as spining the seeds out of tomatoes -LRB- yes , you do have to cut them first -RRB- .
 I really like the quality of this product and have been very pleased with how it 's made . It is larger than I expected , which makes it great to do a large salad . It comes with a lid that makes the spinner become the salad bowl . A great duel-duty product !
 this works so well i have no complaints at all i hope it lasts as i have gone through too many spinners , others that werent made as well and i love that it comes with a cover so i can spin the greens then remove the basket and spinner top and store the bowl with cover in the fridge till i need to dress the salad in my salad bowl , i have also put potato salad in the bowl with the cover its really quite nice to have more uses than just as a spinner but if it had only one use id still like it the whole thing is stable and one touch of the button will stop the spinning and you can lock the spinnertop on so no wild lettuce flying around the room as with the string spinners . i recommend this
 I ca n't say enough good about this . It is the best thing I could of bought for my salads and sprouts . It works great and easy to do . Cleans easy . You wo n't be sorry with this one . I almost did n't buy it thinking I could do with out but I am so happy I changed my mind . I would give it more then 5 stars if I could .
 The OXO Salad Spinner is built solid and has proven itself time and again in my kitchen . It 's really versatile , also . Heavy-duty plastic bowl and strainer . I do n't know how I got by before owning one !
 This item actually works great . The only problem is storing it . It is large .
 This product does exactly what the description says it will . I 'd prefer it was a bit larger but , otherwise is exactly what I was looking for .
 Great product . Wish I had bought sooner . Lettuce stays fresher much longer . I really like the fact that the cleaned lettuce can be stored in the same bowl .
 This is no toy . It works like a charm . A couple of spins and there is no water left on the salad . My wife loves it .
 Whoever designed this salad spinner had probably run into all the frustrating scenarios of other spinners , and put in a lot of thought . So thank you , designer!Things that are great : * `` Multifunction '' - it allows you to wash , strain , spin , serve and store all on the same container -LRB- OK , maybe not store after you 've added the salad dressing , but for sure between washing and serving -RRB- . * The previous spinner I had was open in the bottom , and basically the only thing you could do is spin it on top of the sink - otherwise there would be a big mess all over your kitchen . Not with this one . You can wash your vegetables , strain , and then take the whole thing wherever it is convenient . The water accumulates in the bottom of the main cointainer , and then you just toss the water out . The inside space is used very efficiently -LRB- the `` colander '' takes most of the space inside the outer container -RRB- , and yet there is enough room for the spinned water to rest in the bottom without touching your vegetables . * Sturdy , and easy to use with a variety of vegetables . Besides the lettuce , we 've used with a lot of cherry tomatoes - this would have been a pain to spin with the spinners that need to be cranked , but it was very easy with this salad spinner , and it never went out of balance . * Most of the water is efficiently spinned out of the vegetables . * As a bonus , it is fun to use . Our young kids had no trouble making it spin , were amused by it -LRB- almost like a stationary top -RRB- , and since it was them who completed the task -LRB- and had fun at it -RRB- , were excited about eating their spinach and lettuce ! Parents , this doubles as a toy with healthy side effects . * The only drawback is that it is somewhat bulky -LRB- nothing is perfect -RRB- , but at least the spinning mechanism can lay flat on the cover , and it is spacious enough to allow you to store a few round plastic containers inside it when not in use .
 Simply put , this is a terrific salad spinner . It 's incredibly easy to use - toss in your greens or your herbs , rinse them and start spinning . It only takes 2-3 pumps of the handle to get it going , and then the spinner does the rest of the work . Salads come out clean and crunchy.I 've had mine for two years now and have never had a problem . As usual , OXO makes great products that seem to hold up to use . Even after so many uses , the `` pump '' handle is going strong.I also love that I can store my salads right in the spinner bowl and the greens will stay crisp and fresh for several days at least . If you do use it to store your salads though , be warned it takes up a good deal of space , but apart from that it 's the perfect spinner . LOVE it !
 This is my second good grips salad spinner . The first lasted a long time ... it was accidentally dropped . This one is a lot larger so I can store tomatoes and cucumbers with the lettuce . It really spins the greens dry and keeps them crisp .
 I absolutely love it . I 've had a salad spinner for years , one that I had to pull a string to start it spinning . This is definitely a step up and I enjoy making salads more often . I like the fact that it has a button to push to stop it spinning . Excellent product and worth every penny.BobbiePortland , Oregon
 You can live without a salad spinner but it is nice to have one . This one does a nice job of drying off greens . Also , greens stored in the spinnner in the fridge really do keep longer . There is one caveat for those with small and/or crowed refridgerators - it takes up a fair amount of shelf space . Like all Oxo products that I have experience with , it is well made .
 We 've had this for about two weeks and have used it perhaps a half-dozen times . It works very well , looks good , and seems to be of high quality .
 After searching through a ton of salad spinning options on Amazon and other sites , I decided to go with this one . Why ? Because I adore OXO products . They always seem to deliver and this salad spinner is no exception . I went with the smaller one so I could spin my herbs clean and dry and so far I have been delighted with the results . It 's super easy to maintain and store and I am definitely glad I went with this one .
 I bought this as a christmas present for my mother in 2008 . My mother uses it at least 4 times a week and so far it is still working like the day it was opened . Salads will never taste the same once you use a salad spinner . Removing excess water from your freshly washed salad makes it much fresher tasting . Now I just have to buy one for myself .
 This had received good reviews everywhere I 'd looked . Now that I have one , I will agree with all the good reviews . I just have to wait and see if its durable as well as useful . My only caveat for buyers is to remember that its likely larger than the spinner you have now . If you 're used to filling up your spinner , you wo n't want to do that with this one ... you 'll have * way * too much lettuce ! : -RRB- Excellent product !
 I 've never had/used a salad spinner before this , so I do n't really have anything to compare it to except for the good ol' fashion manual method.I just received this in a Christmas gift exchange and so far am pretty happy with it . I used it for the first time today to dry some freshly washed vegetables -LRB- broccoli , carrots , and bell pepper -RRB- and it worked quite nicely . I like that the handle can be pushed down and locked allowing for easy storage in a cabinet with the ability to stack other dishes on top . Also , I like that the bowl and strainer are separate as it is nice to have an extra strainer in the house and allows for easy emptying of the bowl 's contents.The reason I give it only 4 stars is 3 fold :1
 Gets all of the excess water out quickly and easily . My husband love it too . Has a built in stopping mechanism so you will not hurt yourself .
 Not only is this a great salad spinner , but you should try using it on your vegetables for stir-frying . That way , you do n't have to wash them hours ahead of time and let them dry before you put them in the wok -LRB- you have to do this to ensure the vegetables stir-fy instead of steam themselves -RRB- . This lets you do a last-minute stir-fry whenever you want ! A great tool !
 Works great -LRB- avoid models that rely on a string to spin - they always get tangles and wear out and are hard to keep clean -RRB- . Stores efficiently . I like being able to use the clear bowl to serve the salad . You can even spin some salad and just store it in the colander in the spinner . My only complaint is that the inside colander part seems to have warped in our dishwasher despite the claim of being dishwasher safe . Might have been user error , but being able to throw something in the dishwasher to clean it is high priority for me .
 I gave this as a gift and I liked it so much I had to get myself one too ! This is the best , and easiest to use . Nothing like the old time salad spinners . A must have in the kitchen !
 I held out against the salad spinner for a long time . I told myself I did n't need it and would n't use it , but it kept winking at me , and the customer reviews convinced me that I really would love having it . Well , I do love it , and I use it a lot ! It 's not just for salad greens , but for anything you want to dry quickly . It 's sleekly designed with only three easy-to-clean pieces . One quick plunge keeps the bowl spinning for quite a long time , but one touch to the button on the side stops it cold . This week alone I 've drained cabbage for slaw , grape tomatoes and cooked shrimp for a salad . None of the food was damaged , and all of it was well-dried enough that I did n't have to worry about my dressing getting watered down . It does what it promises to do and does it well , with a minimum of fuss . That is , to my way of thinking , the mark of a great piece of equipment .
 We use this salad spinner almost every day ! To conserve water , put the lettuce in the clear part with the water running into it , rinse the lettuce , and place the cleaned lettuce to drip in the spinner . Then empty the clear part , shred/tear the lettuce , and spin it dry ! We clean the entire head of lettuce and store the extra in a baggie in the veggie bin for our next meal .
 Salad spinners , in general , are pretty cool . There is nothing I hate more than lots of water on my salad vegetables making my dressing all runny . Couple that with the Good Grips design , and this is one great product !
 I had an older salad spinner that had the horrible pull string on it . It eventually broke so I was turned off from buying another one.I eat alot of green salads and I also have to clean fresh herbs both for cooking and also for my pet rabbit who loves parsely and cilantro . I decided to try this one since OXO has never let me down . This spinner is excellent ! It has a rubber bottom to keep it from slipping and the push spin makes it fast and easy to dry greens.The materials are sturdy . Much better than my old one . This was a good investment .
 I 've had one of these spinners for years - it works well and has held up very well under frequent use . Here 's a helpful hint
 Pre-cut lettuce is SO expensive so I usually buy a head of romaine or redleaf . It imperitive to wash the lettuce . Drying it using the Oxo Salad Spinner , is SO EASY and it REALLY WORKS . Before , I 'd have to use ONE HUNDRED paper towels to dry off the lettuce and it would still be wet . This gizmo is wonderful . I use it every time I make salad !
 Excellent product . Recessing the button is a great feature . It allows easy storage . Aesthetically , the bowl is great for serving a salad and has a large capacity .
 This appliance is great !!! I enjoy the way the salad spinner spins and drains all of the water out . It works great in assisting the mass of the salad greens as the water drains . I like that one button mechanism .
 This is one of the better models of a relatively few and flimsy salad spinners on the US market . The one-handed push down to spin concept works well , the large bowl holds plenty of produce for serving a group , and it is quick and easy to assemble and disassemble when adding and removing greens . I suppose for some it 's a nice feature that you can store the spun salad in the spinner , but I never do that since I often have more than one salad going . The handle can lock into the down position for storage , and the little black button on the lid somewhat slowly stops the basket rotation . The design is superior to string-pulls that break , or cranks that require two-hands . Durability of gears is to be seen . According to Oxo , the manufacturer , the plastic bowl is polycarbonate , which RESISTS cracking in a dishwasher , but is not totally dishwasher safe . They call it `` top rack safe . '' The stainless steel model due out in August 2006 is probably more durable . All-in-all a decent product , but two complaints
 This takes minimal effort to use , and then can double as a salad bowl with lid . THe large can be annoying to store because it is so big , but there is the smaller size available to remedy this .
 I looked at a lot of salad spinners and tried several models out at Wal-Mart , William-Sonoma et al. . The Oxo is a very sturdy and elegant design , and we use it all of the time.It is dishwasher safe , the mechanism used to spin the salad basket is a cleverly designed push piston , it has a built in basket brake so you can stop the basket spinning , and the bowl can double as a salad bowl.A great product that I would highly recommend .
 I had one before and it finally gave out after 20 + years . I replaced it with the very same one and love it still . The acrylic material it is made with now is much better as well!Highly recommend .
 I never thought I 'd need one . But then my aunt gave me her old one and I used it to make her happy when she visited and wow , I fell in love . 7 years later , the basket broke . I tried going back to the old ways but could n't . I make salads for my family several times a week so I bought a new one . I get tons of use out of this . It 's fun , it 's easy and it works
 I have had one of these for many years and it finally died . I picked up a different brand at a store because it had alot of extras and was a good buy , I thought . Since the reason I buy a salad spinner is to get most of the water off the lettuce , I was sorely disappointed to find very wet lettuce after using the spinner twice on the same lettuce . Save yourself money and time and buy the best to begin with .
 Thanks to Alton Brown and Good Eats for this purchase . Does a great job drying salads , and the lettuce keeps for much longer in the fridge when stored in this spinner . Very happy with it .
 What can I say , it 's a salad spinner ! Am I supposed to go into detail about a bowl that spins ? Well here it goes , it spins well .
 Never had a salad spinner before . This one is great.Never be without one again .
 I love this product , works as described !
 great little spinner . No issues , easy to use
 does n't get up to super speed , but does the job and has alot of capacity .
 ... food spinner that we 've ever used . Not only lettuce and such , I even use it to through the excess water off of french fries I 've had soaking the starch out of them , before finishing them off with a roll in a towel . As far as I am concerned this Oxo gem is the most stable one you are going to find , as well as being the easiest to use , keep clean , and render reliable service for a long time to come .
 Although it functions great , it is too big for my tiny kitchen . I re-gifted this and purchased the smaller version for my family of four !
 I wash all my leafy vegetables with it now . I definitely think I eat more veggies since I bought this thing . It gets my sandy spinach really clean . I did n't buy spinach too often before because of the hassles of washing them . I could never get rid of the sand completely . Now , I just put the spinach in the spinner , fill it up with water , move the leaves around , pull them out with the strainer , dump out the water and sand that settled to the bottom , repeat a couple times -LRB- until no sand collects at the bottom of the bowl -RRB- and its squeaky clean ! Give the spinner a few pumps and its dry , easy !
 This is the perfect salad spinner . Easy to use , easy to clean , looks great , easy to spin .
 I have been very happy with my Good Grips salad spinner . The basket is removeable for easy cleaning , and can be used as a collander . The pump is easy to use and works fast . I especially like the breaking system for a quick stop to the rotating action . I also like the fact that the outer bowl is clear , so you can see what 's going on inside . All in all , it has all you 'd want or expect from a salad spinner , with the added `` Good Grips '' feel . Very nice !
 Easy to use , easy to clean and it works fast . The brake on the unit works great . Best salad spinner I have ever had
 I LOVE MY SALADS !! I ; M VERY PICKY ABOUT WASHING MY SPINACH BEFORE I CREATE MY SALAD . THIS OXO IS ONE OF THE GREATEST SPINNERSI EVER USED . IF YOU LIKE SALADS LIKE I DO . YOU NEED TO GET THIS OXO LETTACE SPINNER.C.INFUSINOCHICAGOLAND
 This is the most awesome spinner out there . Do not waste your money on any other spinner . the ones with String pulls get icky , the cheap ones warp in the dishwasher . I LOVE THIS SPINNER !
 So much easier than washing lettuce by hand and then using towels to * attempt * to dry it all off . I fill the bowl and strainer partway with water , toss in my lettuce , broccoli , cucumbers , etc. to wash them , pull out the strainer and dump the water out of the bowl , replace the strainer , cover , and spin a few times to dry . It works extremely well . It can handle a couple of servings of salad at a time , and it does n't take up a huge amount of space . It 's well worth the money .
 This spinner is constructed well and is convenient in that it is easy to press the large rubber button . I got it to replace a much flimsier one that had to be cranked to spin . And the large bowl is nice too . The only compaint I would have is that no matter how hard or fast I push I ca n't seem to get the greens as dry as I could with the crank type . But certainly easier and good enough .
 Have wanted one of these for a very long time - almost got the smaller herb version , but this size does it all !
 Originally bought the smaller version which works great for small greens and herbs , but needed a larger version for full heads of lettuce and greens . Works wonderfully and quite pleased . Helps so much to make greens last several weeks before wilting . I sometimes add a paper towel inside to help soak up extra moisture within the spinner that does n't fall to the bottom .
 I NEVER write reviews , BUT this salad spinner is fantastic . It 's an incredible value , and one who likes salads should not hesitate to purchase it ! My lettuce has been sitting in the refrigerator all week now , and I just checked it before making a salad - perfect ! The lettuce is still crisp and fresh . I love that you can spin a full head of lettuce ... sometimes two -LRB- if the heads are small -RRB- , and then you can store it in the spinner . Brilliant ! It is rather large , but I have NO complaints . I did n't know what I was missing with my sad cheap walmart spinner . Buy it now !! You will not regret it .
 We eat lots of salads and other greens at our house and I 've wanted a salad spinner for a long time . I ordered the OXO Good Grips after reading the reviews here at Amazon.I love this handy kitchen tool . It is surprizingly heavy and very well made . It spins the greens beautifully without moving across the cupboard . The extra stays fresh in the bowl in the refrigerator and it looks nice enough to set out on my kitchen shelves for easy access.I like to wash my fruit before putting it away on shopping day and the OXO speeds the process up considerably . Even with all the use it gets I think it is going to last a very long time . It 's a great value and I think it will make a great gift for my sister this year .
 Hard to beleive 500 + positive reviews on a salad spinner . Now I see why . Its efficient and easy . Its durable and delivers as promised . Great quality , great features .
 After buying and using this product - I will definitely be a repeat customer for Oxo products . You can immediately see and feel the quality . Spin-drys easily and effectively .
 You ca n't go wrong with this spinner . I have had it for a few weeks and love every aspect of it.It fits perfectly in the fridge and cabinet . The rubber on the bottom help it stay in place.The spinner mechanism works perfectly as specified and is very easy to clean . I highly recommend it .
 My wife had been wanting a salad spinner for some time ... I purchased this for her as a Christmas gift . -LRB- Yeah , I know ... cooking items as a gift ? Hey , she still made out like a bandit with other items I got her and this is what she wanted ! -RRB- I read the reviews for several like items and decided to go with the Oxo 32480 Good Grips Salad Spinner . Wow ... this thing is amazing ! Simple , easy to use , works like a charm and I do n't know how we ever got along without it . I see no long term issues with it other than it is one more large item that will take up some storage space ... when not in use . However , that is a very minor thing that one will surely learn to live with/overlook . My wife Loves it !!! For no more than what these things cost ... they should be mandatory wedding gifts.Oxo 32480 Good Grips Salad Spinner ... OXO INTERNATIONAL 32480 Large Clear Spinner .
 I like this spinner very much . It 's easy to pump . It does n't slide all over the counter . There 's a little button to stop the spinning . My salad gets nice and dry , and then I can use bowl to serve it in . Cleanup is easy . I could n't ask for anything more .
 This is the third salad spinner I 've owned , I 'll always stick to this brand from now on . I had less expensive salad spinners in the past , but decided to see if spending a little more money was worth it to get a better quality product , and it DEFINITELY is!Since I received it , I have n't gone a day without using it in some way . After the lettuce leaves are dry , you can store them in the spinner in the fridge for a few days ! Which I love because I can spin almost a whole head of lettuce at once , and then take a little lettuce out for salad or sandwiches daily without re-washing and drying . I highly recommend this product.The ONLY down side is that it is pretty large for storage , but I guess that 's also why I can get a whole head of lettuce in it .
 ... and if Who knew , why did n't Who say something?I 've never owned or used a salad spinner before purchasing this one . It seems like a good one and so far is doing a good job on my vegetables . They 're even fresher than when they arrived ! I like the design and simplicity . It 's a wonderful tool and one I wish I 'd had for years . Overall I 'm very satisfied with this purchase .
 Bought this for my single daughter ; bought the full size one for myself . Had cheaper salad spinners and love using them , but wantd something with a sturdier bowl . Love the push-down spinner feature . Nice sturdy bowl that does not give when it is full of water . Brake is nice , stops quickly . Highly recommend . Dinner salads are soooo much better when lettuce is first soaked and spun .
 It 's small enough for quick wash jobs but can handle a larger portion as well . You could fill to wash and then spin or simply rinse and spin ... it 's the ideal household salad spinner : -RRB-
 My primary purpose for this purchase was to spin sprouts . Seems silly , but my other spinners were unsuitable due to the hole size . This is easy to use and does n't take up too much space in the cupboard . For more info on using a spinner for the sprouts , visit sproutpeople.org
 I have never owned or even used a salad spinner before , so I ca n't compare it with other brands . But , the Oxo Good Grips salad spinner was exactly what I wanted . I have eaten salad many times since purchasing it .
 I use it on store bought pre-made salads . It does a good job drying greens !
 This makes salad preparation so easy . It washes and dries the lettuce very well . The only negative I can think of is that it does take up alot of room in the pantry . This also makes a great gift .
 We received this item as a wedding gift . The quality is good and works extremely well . It ends up removing most of the water from washed lettuce which can then be placed directly in a bag or crisper . My lettuce now lasts longer than it did before I started using the spinner .
 This Oxo herb and salad spinner is great ! It gets most of the water out so that herbs and lettuces dry quickly . Very easy to use and compact . Dishwasher safe on top rack . Could n't ask for a better spinner .
 I have tried different salad spinners , but this is , by far , the best one I have ever used . I HATE cleaning lettuce and spinach leaves , but this actually made it fun , and the spinner is very easy to clean . The bowl is an excellent serving bowl as well . Great product !
 Gave as a present to my mother . It work great and doese n't slip around and is convient . Like the pump action of it . Very happy with the purchase .
 Just got this today , it 's bigger than I thought . I got the large and now I can wash and dry my lettuce at ease , no more wasting paper towels to dry them . woo hoo !
 My wife had wanted one for a very long time but could never remember to get it . I surprised her and she loves it . We no longer spend excessive $ $ on pre packaged salad mixes ... just a side benefit . Love it .
 I actually bought this as a gift for my daughter-in-law . She requested it and I was happy to oblige . She loves it . In fact , I think I should get one too because of her reaction .
 This piece is absolutely beautiful , but very small in size . It would be perfect in a curio cabinet .
 This item is adorable but it 's only about 1/2 inch long/tall . So if you 're looking for a conversation piece , this probably is n't the way to go unless you have a family of owls .
 We have this hanging immediately under our cabinets and it looks really nice for all you can really see are the gadgets . I ca n't get over how inexpensive it was for what you get . We did n't hang our OXO product on it ; instead , we hung our fine stainless steel gadgets that we rarely use . This left more room in the gadget draw for what we use more regularly .
 It 's a good size and weight . Although not exactly ` pretty ' it 's perfect for utensils with bigger handles.I 'm going to buy another .
 I have one of these mounted on my quilting bench to hang my cutters and another on the deck railing to hang the barbecue tools . They do not rust and look nice , Great price .
 It does one thing , but it does it very well
 This is a great pair for the kitchen . Another fine product from the Oxo people , with their very comfortable and large grips . Why not a 5-star rating ? The apple slicer could be larger . It 's great for your average size apple , but do n't try to use it on a large pear or apple . Otherwise , they are excellent tools for the kitchen .
 This is a very excellent tool to have for the kitchen !! Kids will often only eat an apple if it is sliced , peeled , and or cored . This is a very handy item , that makes preparing fruits very easy . You also get even slices , and the kids can do it !
 The corer is wonderful . It takes some pressure from the user to work -LRB- obviously -RRB- but it cuts the apple into perfect sections and the corer itself cleans up very easily . We are very happy with our purchase .
 I purchased this set because I needed to replace my aging OXO Good Grips peeler and because I eat a lot of fruit and wanted to try the coring device . I had no expectations that the coring device would work but the set seemed like a reasonable value and I felt it worth the chance . I was pleasantly surprised when the coring device sliced apples quickly and neatly . For anyone who uses apples in their juicers this will allow the juicer to juice quicker and with less effort . I highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to speed up their preparation time !
 I eat three apples in one sitting and using a knife was fine but this is much faster . The peeler is not as good as my Cutco peeler but I find extra peelers come in handy .
 Tongs . Yes , I know , you can get tongs anywhere . Well , let me tell you , I have used countless pairs of `` nice '' and `` professional '' grill tongs through the years and nothing has held up like my Oxo tongs . This is by far one of the most important tools in your grilling arsenal ... at least outside of your grill and maybe the beer you should be drinking while using your grill.The 16 inch tongs are long enough so that you do n't burn your hands on the grill and sturdy enough so that you can lift an entire turkey from grate to platter . I will use nothing else !
 These tongs are cleverly designed and solidly built , with a good , sturdy spring , a convenient locking mechanism and comfortable , stay-cool rubber handles . They are great for barbecues , stir fry , salad and more . Very convenient.The 12-inch is the best size for all-around use .
 We have owned these tongs for a while now and I can not find anything to complain about ! The handle -LRB- s -RRB- are very sturdy - allowing you to really get a good squeeze on something if it is heavy or slippery . The stainless steel always emerges from the dishwasher spotlessly clean and the `` locking '' mechanism allows these to be stored in the folded position , saving me a lot of cluttered drawer headaches!Seriously , these would be good tongs at any price and at this price they are well worth the money spent .
 I have been using these tongs for a few months now and I really like them . If you like to cook then a set of tongs are a true `` must have '' . You just ca n't manipulate food the same way with just a fork , spoon , or spatula . It 's almost like using your hand . These tongs are from OXO , a company which is known for making good kitchen tools . They are a well made , solid , high quality item . The spring action of the arms is smooth , easy to open and close . The part that touches the food is wide and has no sharp edges . The grips are covered in soft rubber , which is a signature feature of OXO products . The locking mechanism keeps the tongs closed when you put them away and there is a hole on the end for hanging on a hook . I have handled other tongs in the store and I do n't like them as much as these . In short , these tongs are a great version of an essential tool . I highly recommend them .
 I bought these tongs 6 months ago . They are one of the best things I ever purchased for my kitchen . I never really thought I would use tongs that much , but I do now . In fact I cant imaginge living without them . The only reason I never liked or used tongs before , is the ones I had were cheap and when you clamped them together , they were uneven . As in you could n't grab things because they would slip out of grasp and the ends did n't really touch . These OXO grips are the exact oppisate . They excel in every way tongs can . I would strongly recomend purchasing these . Especialy considering what a decent piece of cookware or untinsils cost , this is a great use of you nine bucks .
 There are very few Oxo products that are sub-par and this one does not disappoint . The construction is very solid . If you do n't currently use tongs in the kitchen , get a pair of these and you 'll probably end up with 3 of them . Tongs are too useful for too many things . Ditch the old ` sciscor ' style tongs . Pick things in and out of boiling water . Add or remove from a skillet . Reach into a hot oven and flip something over . Not to mention for the BBQ grill . I hardly use a conventional spatula anymore now that I have these .
 I ca n't add much to the previous reviews ... I love them , too . They 're very comfortable , convenient , and easy-care . I have very small hands and my husband has very large hands , and we both find these OXO tongs to be very comfortable and versatile . Another great OXO product !
 I recently purchased these tongs and I love them ! They are just the right size for my hands -LRB- my other pair are WAY to big -RRB- . The comfort grip makes them much easier to handle , and I do n't fumble around with them . I love the locking feature because they store easily in my small kitchen drawers without getting caught when opening the drawer . These are the best pair of tongs I 've tested . : - -RRB-
 I own tongs by other makers , including a beautiful but heavy pair from All-Clad . The Oxo ones -LRB- 12 '' and 16 '' -RRB- have perfect weight , balance , sure grip and spring tension . They 're useful for far more than just turning or lifting . I reach for these Oxo tongs daily and use them for stirring and moving food around while cooking -- they 're a terrific one-item substitute for a spoon or spatula in many applications . The diswasher does n't hurt them . If I had to settle for just one tool to use in the pot or pan or on the grill , this would be it -- it even goes in my suitcase when I travel .
 Tongs are absolutely essential in the kitchen , and these are the best you can buy . Solid stainless steel with a soft rubber grip . The locking mechanism works very well and is really useful for tongs . Locking tongs are much better than tying a rubber band around non-locking tongs , which is something that Alton Brown of all people suggested in his `` Gear '' book -LRB- I tried that for a while and it was very inconvenient - seriously Alton ? -RRB- . There are some reviews that say the spring mechanism pops out . Well , my spring popped out right at the end of year 3 of using these guys . Guess what ? You just pop in back in and they continue to work perfectly . Apparently these people just gave up after it popped out ? The spring is simply a tightly coiled piece of wire with long ends . At the top of the handle there are holes in the steel where the rubber grips are attached -LRB- they lock into the holes -RRB- . The spring pushes against this rubber - this is how the tongs are forced open when unlocked . The ends of the spring may over time slowly slide out near the opening where the rubber is secured . If that happens you just push the wire back in and secure the rubber over it . I seriously did this once in 3 years and it took me less than 90 seconds , and I have n't had to do it since.Don ' t let those reviews deter you - these are the best tongs money can buy .
 I bought these after trying several other brands . These are absolutely the best , hands down . I would strongly recommend them over all the others I have tried - Weber , Rachlein and several others .
 ***** These tongs are sturdy , and fine for all tong tasks . OXO makes these tongs in the 9-inch , 12-inch , and 16-inch size . Note that these tongs do NOT have nylon tips at the bottom edges , like another version of OXO tongs that I much prefer . These would not be safe for using on non-stick cookware ; however , you could use these tongs for many things you could n't use the nylon head tongs for because there is no nylon to potentially melt , so you would n't have to be as careful with them.These stainless steel tongs are a great alternative to the cheap aluminum tongs that feel flimsy and break easily . OXO products , including this one , are always easier to use and of high quality.They store easily in a smaller space because of the locking mechanism at the top and they have a loop if you want to hang them . They clean easily , too . They should be good to go for any kitchen task . *****
 I have had these for a couple years , and I think I use them almost every day . The locking feature is really handy , and easy to activate or deactivate -- even with messy kitchen hands . The rubber is comfortable and gives you a sturdy , cool grip.I have one minor complaint , the tongs do n't work well with delicate things . For example , with chicken parmesan , the breading rips right off . Now , we 'll eat anything , so it is n't a big deal to us . I did notice that OXO makes a set of tongs that have rubber on the ends which may protect delicate foods .
 Sturdy and easy to handle , these tongs make it easy to grab , flip , turn or retreive just about anything . The long , rubber coated handles let you keep your cool while using them to reach into a pot of boiling water , a barbecue or a hot frying pan . The locking feature is great for storage , making the tongs easy to fit in a drawer . I never thought I would be espousing the praises of tongs but these are one of the small things that make life in the kitchen much easier.Update
 no more chicken wings slipping to the floor or splashing in the fryer since I bought these great tongs . 12 in length avoids burns . feel like they will last a lifetime .
 I first saw these tongs on a King of Queens episode and they looked pretty cool . They work great - especially for turning over Fry bread and chicken ! Buy them , you wo n't be disappointed !
 I needed a pair of tongs and I like how these have a way to keep shut in the drawer . The old one I had would jam the drawer and it would be hard for me to open it . They are easy to clean and use .
 A great all around tool in the kitchen . The locking mechanism is ingenius . You can use this tool to replace almost all other kitchen utensils : -RRB-
 If you have a charcoal grill , this is an awesome product ! Move the coals , flip your food , all while not burning your hands !
 Due to diabetes , my hand griping ability is impaired . I could not always control regular tongs ; my small finger would get caught between the levers . The OXO soft handles and long reach solved my problem and I will keep `` grillin '' at every excuse I can create .
 This is the best buy I 've ever done ! these tongs are very usefull , great for cooking and manipulate food in oven
 These tongs are the best on the market . They seem very well-made and feel very natural in the hand .
 I bought these to use arround the grill , based on my experience with the 12 '' tongs that I use in the kitchen . They grip ribs and chicken firmly without tearing the meat , and definitely prevent some hand burns I got with the shorter tongs . My experience is that tongs die when the shafts bend or when the spring hinge malfunctions-so far , so good ! They do what they are designed to do-how often does that happen ?
 I bought these tongs as a prize for the best costume at a party I held . I already have a pair of 16 '' and 12 '' OXO tongs . They 're great as an extension of your hands when you want to turn something over -LRB- and not pierce it with a fork -RRB- , toss a salad or reach for something you ca n't get to.My only problem with this particular pair of tongs is that the spring is looser than with my other tongs . They should snap back when you release the lock on the bottom . I guess I 'll stick with buying them at my local store where I can test them individually.But I love me my tongs !
 They work well and are a good size for bagels and pastries ... I like the slide up lock better then the cheap-o metal ring around the last tongs we had for our Thursday morning office breakfast .
 I love these tongs . The are just what I expected , from the picture and discription .
 I ca n't believe I 've been cooking so long without one of these things . It makes things in the kitchen so much easier ! It seems to be made well -LRB- good craftsmanship -RRB- .
 I like the gripping capability of these tongs . They grab and hold meats and vegetables well . I like the pull/push locking mechanism on top which also has a hole for hanging when not in use . I also like the stainless steel finish and the sturdy construction . I 've had it for a few years now and still works like new . Highly recommend it .
 These are quite short but I prefer that since they do not feel as unwieldly as some I 've used . Also the spring action does n't feel like you 're trying to hang on to it . I do n't need a huge lobster claw protruding from my hand.The locking action is well set and it releases in a smooth motion with a tap on the counter.I especially appreciate the fact that the jaws line up with each other so I can grip food without struggling .
 OXO makes wonderful products for people like me who have RA . The tongs are well constructed and make gripping food items very easy . Virtually no exertion is required to hold food .
 these tongs are very comfortable and easy to use . and they fit in my narrow utensil drawer without popping out every time I open it .
 The 12-inch OXO Good Grips are well made , easily stored , and useful in the kitchen and for the grill .
 I had the longer version of these tongs , and used them so often that I needed another pair . I use them nearly every day ; they are easy to use and do what I want them to .
 Not too much to say . This product works as advertised . The locking feature is extremely helpful . In fact , I purchased three different length OXO locking tongs and threw out my old non-locking ones .
 Very heavy-duty high quality tongs . The locking system works great and the overall feel is very balanced .
 I used to use long chopsticks and a turner tofry fish or pork chops . The OXO tongsare so much better with greater surface areafor gripping the food . The nylon ends are gentleon non-stick surfaces . The length saves my handfrom being burned by sputtering oil.I 'm still finding new uses for these OXO tongs.In time , I think I 'll need the 16 '' tongs aswell .
 Good tool . Well thought out lock . Keep away from your non-stick cookware though . There are siliconized or plastic coated tipped tongs out there for use there . Very nice , very handy . Get them .
 Love these tongs , they stay &#34; together &#34; in the drawer !! Handy for many tasks other than salad serving . I recommend these .
 Great design , very comfortable , solid quality . Easy locking by simply pulling the little knob at the end of the tongs .
 Everything good except it is hard to thoroughly clean all the inside groove and nooks . The lock works good and smoothly , seems durable . Used daily . Will buy again but it might be a long time before it needs replacing .
 These replaced some cheap tongs I had that were too flimsy to pick up a chicken leg without collapsing . What a difference good tongs make ! I 've even used these to move large 1-2lb roasts and never felt like I was going to break the tongs or loose the food .
 We have a pair of these and we just bought another to give as a gift . We use them all the time and they are great for salad , pasta , on a grill , whatever . It can handle heavy steaks fine and they wash easily . We do n't put them in the dishwasher so I do n't know how it 'd handle that cause we always wash these by hand . Also I 've never gotten them so dirty that it was hard to clean them .
 I purchased these for my husband to use while grilling . He grills over very hot coals and the length keeps his arm away from the heat . They do n't tear the crust on meats . We have two pairs of these since we finally found a pair of tongs that work great ! I saw that America 's Test Kitchen recommends these as their favorite too ! Indispensable for grilling !
 What can you say about OXO products , they 're great . These are easy to use , go in the dishwasher for complete cleaning and are easy to handle . If they break or if there is an issue , OXO stands behind their products .
 I own 4 sets of these since they get used a lot . We keep on in our camper and 3 at home for the barbecue . Locking mechanism is reliable and the length keeps you from burning your hands.Highly recommended .
 I purchased these tongs for barbecuing and removing items from the hot pressure cooker . They work great , and the rubberized grips make them easy to hold and operate . Excellent for flipping steaks , burgers , et . al. without stabbing them and losing all the juice into the fire . Very easy to clean .
 I 'm sure everyone else has already reviewed the details of this product so let me instead assure you that these LAST . We use these on a daily basis -LRB- though we do have two of the exact same kind for when we need to use two in a day -RRB- and after 6 years of use they still work perfectly . I even `` misuse '' them by pulling them closed with my teeth if my other hand is occupied and have had no issues . We dishwash them all of the time - so often are these in the dishwasher that they have their own special `` spot '' . We cook and bake a lot in our house and these are undoubtedly the MOST used kitchen utensil we own , and still in perfect condition . What more is there to be said ? Well done Oxo !
 These tongs are simply fantastic . The spring tension is just right . They stay closed when you need them closed , yet are easy to open . They clean up well and are durable . Buy one pair with steel tips , and one with nylon tips . Why bother with anything else ?
 The mechanism on these tongs is far superior to other locking tongs I have purchased .
 I got these cause I already own some OXO stuff . Was not disappointed . It 's stainless . Got that nice rubbery grip . The lock holds . It does n't feel chintzy of cheaply made . I 've grilled with it , scooped veggies out of pots with it , served with it , made nervous clicking noises with it and yes , I pinched the better half 's bottom with it . In case you 're wondering , Better Half prefers the tongs to the salad tongs !
 Just received and used these tongs this week , work very well . The tips are oddly bent in , but appears can be easily shaped flat / parallel to each other . Wish this had a shake lock , but should last much longer .
 I have the 12 inch OXO Good Grips Locking Tongs and I love , love , love them . My husband complained about the tongs that came in a standard bbq tool kit and I noticed that OXO made 16 inch tongs . I quickly purchased them and he 's in barbecue heaven . They are easy to use and easy to clean . Great price , too .
 These tongs are responsive , easy to use , and easy to clean -LRB- I hand wash -RRB- . They pick up small bits of stew meat and large chicken breasts . They 're long enough to keep your hands from getting burned , too , by either heat from the pan or splatters from the food.Buy this pair and the nylon-tipped ones for your nonstick cookware .
 great product . just what i wanted ! perfect size ! plus better then plastic ends so they dont melt !
 Very useful . purchased on recommendation of America 's test kitchen . Good quality , comfortable and easy to clean . I also purchased the 12 inch locking tongs . Arrived on time and in great condition
 They work great , clean up well and is very likely are most used tool in the kitchen .
 These Tongs are the perfect length and design for doing a lot of grilling . They do equally well picking up large slabs of meats as well as small slices of grilled veg . Very usable . Much better than the Williams-Sonoma grill set tongs that were given to me as a gift . Would recommend these to anyone .
 It sounds silly , but I was incessantly frustrated with my old hand-me-down kitchen tongs -LRB- the stainless stell type with the &#34; lock &#34; that slides up and down -RRB- . These are far-and-away better -- another wonderfully designed product from OXO .
 I needed a longer pair of tongs for the grill and these have been perfect . I have had them for a while now and used them quite a bit . You have precise control with these and the rubberized grips are very comfortable . OXO Good Grips products are usually pretty good and these are no exception .
 I love these tongs . The locking mechanism is simple , and exceptionally useful in keeping these things out of the way when they are not picking stuff up .
 OXO is famous for its inventive changes on the old standbys in the kitchen , and this set of tongs is no exception . It 's the only tool to use if your trying to fish out turkey bones on the bottom of your soup pot -- no scalded fingers ! I love the locking mechanism , too , so that it does n't crowd the utensil drawer . A great buy .
 Love these tongs . They stay closed , well made -LSB- stainless steal -RSB- and grips are positioned at the right place -LSB- not to low or high ; have big hands -RSB- . No plastic/rubber near the business end . Highly Recommended !
 I used these two times while smoking pork butts , half chickens and ribs . These opened up enough to pick up and turn 10 pound pork butts . They easily handled the chickens and ribs . The lock works great and they seem to be constructed very well .
 I usually buy OXO products for my kitchen use , I do n't do a lot of cooking , mostly BBQing now.Strong durable and easy to clean/use . Maybe not totally durable , but it 's good enough for a 4 star , I am rough on my items.I was able to bend a part on my tong .
 Excellent tongs . The length allowed me to reach over an open campfire and grab foil wrapped items , corn on the cob and other items that were cooking over a fire . Also great to use on a big grill/griddle in a professional kitchen . I use these in culinary school too and they are great !
 We love this item , we have a couple where the ends were criss-crossed and the metal was thin . This is a good quality , the ends meet correct , and it is a perfect size/length for most cooking . Highly recommend !
 The best tongs I have found.They are also recommended by COOKS ILLUSTRATED
 I am very happy with these 12 inch locking tongs . They are sturdy , strong and easy to use . I have used them for bbq , vegitables and many other cooking realated taks . I recommend these tongs .
 This size is perfect for everyday use , they are a good quality , the locking mechanism is simple and easy to use . I find I use these frequently for all sorts of things from cooking my homemade pasta -LRB- can be fragile -RRB- to sauteing vegies .
 The best tongs I 've found . I like the extra length ; makes them great for the barbecue and still they 're not too long for kitchen use . The only thing that bothers me is that they occasionally open in the dishwasher rather than staying locked . That 's not enough , however , that I would n't highly recommend them .
 I love these Oxo Good Grip 16 inch locking tongs . I have used other tongs in the past and they were good but one problem I usually always had was I would get pinched every time I would go to turn something . I no longer get pinched , let 's just say . These tongs are great for turning anything from meat to veggies to breads . The way they lock means they are going to stay lock until you actually want to unlock them . I use them for BBQ 's also , they work wonders around the tongs I use to use for the grill . I highly recommend these for even the beginners in cooking ; why not start with the best that way you do n't waste money on others as I did .
 Great product - sturdy and easy to cook with . Good size for stirring pasta or flipping meat , chicken , fish , etc. . .
 These are great tongs , as are the silicone tipped ones . I use these on the grill for some items which my very large grilling tongs ca n't really grab . The silicone tongs are n't appropriate for the grill so I use these . The silicone ones get used on nonstick surfaces . The bottom lines is I have the tongs I need for all by cooking and baking .
 I like the lock that holds the tongs together , never had this before . Good tongs and although I probably should not they wash well in the dishwasher .
 These are the best tongs I 've found . I have them in both sizes & with/without the plastic tips . I use the 9 '' -LRB- smaller -RRB- tongs for tossing salads & other non-heat tasks . I like the long -LRB- 12 '' -RRB- , non-plastic tip tongs for grilling & cooking - the extra length comes in handy when you 're over heat . The plastic tip tongs come in handy for pasta & other `` soft '' food items - I use them less often but they still come in handy.One of the best things about these is that they store in the drawer so easily . No more wrapping a rubber band around the tongs to keep them together . You just pull up on the top lever & they lock shut . It 's also great when cooking to just bump that lever on the counter & they open . The lever is rubber coated so it does n't scratch anything & the rubber grips on the handles keep the tongs from getting slippery in your hand . I throw them in the dishwasher to clean.These are used daily in our house & after 5 + years , they still work great . They are on my short-list of most useful kitchen utensils .
 These tongs are pretty good , but there is one thing I do n't like . First , the pros
 I own tongs by other makers , including a beautiful but heavy pair from All-Clad . The Oxo ones -LRB- 12 '' and 16 '' -RRB- have perfect weight , balance , sure grip and spring tension . They 're useful for far more than just turning or lifting . I reach for these Oxo tongs daily and use them for stirring and moving food around while cooking -- they 're a terrific one-item substitute for a spoon or spatula in many applications . The diswasher does n't hurt them . If I had to settle for just one tool to use in the pot or pan or on the grill , this would be it -- it even goes in my suitcase when I travel .
 Another versatile product from the OXO `` Good Grips '' people . I own this product and I use the `` locking '' tongs constantly . The tongs are great for removing cobs of corn from boiling water and for turning steaks and flipping burgers on the grill . The `` locking '' feature prevents slipping and is a useful feature of the design . However , the locking mechanism is also the inherent weakness in the product
 I find a thousand uses for these tongs in my kitchen , and out of it ! The are sturdy enough to go camping with . I even have used them to turn the coals in the campfire ! They are easily cleaned in the dishwasher . We use them for pretty much anything that needs to be grasped and turned . The comfort grip is wonderful and the locking feature makes them easy to store . We 've been using ours for over two years , and fully expect to continue to use them for many , many more .
 Okay -- what is all this talk about cooking . These OXO tongs are more versatile than that . We use them all over the house , and outdoors as well . We currently own four pairs.The first usage we put them to is the one you probably expect
 Easy to hold , easy to use.Get a shorter set for smaller jobs . I use this one mostly for the grill where distance is an advantage ... especially when I 'm grilling .
 Run , do not walk , to the store and get one of these for the grll . After countless dedicated grill tongs failed , I took these from the back of the drawer -LRB- they are too large for most on-stove uses -RRB- and marched these outdoors from my kitchen one day . They are precise , easy to operate , steady to hold and long enough to keep you from getting singed . The edge is sharp enough to dislodge sticking meats from the grill . Most of all , these tongs are n't bulky like most grill tongs . These tongs go exactly where you want them to . For $ 12 , it 's a hell of a deal for a kitchen tool that 's exactly right .
 It is so comfortable as all the OXO products are . I have carpal tunnel and adhesive capsulits . The tongs feel great in my hands and are just the right size . I feel no pain when I am using them . I highly recommend these . They are also easy to clean and of course stainless steel as the tongs I did have were rusting , but OXO does n't . Give it a try , you wo n't regret it . Very good for arthritic folks . Well worth the price . I only buy OXO products now .
 My mother-in-law gave me these tongs for Christmas 2002 and I telephoned her last week to let her know they are my favorite gift - - I use them every day and I love them ! They feel so good in your hand , the mechanism holds together great - - no frustrating slips ! - - and they pick up and turn everything with ease , without piercing or slipping . It has been nearly four months and they look , feel , and work great . Even if the mechanism does break in the near future , and they need to be replaced , they are still a bargain and I feel they are worth it ! To be quite honest , they rarely make it back into the gadget drawer because I use them so often they can always be found in my dish drainer/drying rack -LRB- I do n't have a dishwasher -RRB- . Using these tongs makes me feel just a bit more `` chef-like '' ... I imagine I am on the TV food network creating scrumptious meals . Bam ! Cooking is fun again and who would have thought a little stocking stuffer set of tongs could do that ?!?!
 We got these for a stocking gift and I seem to grab them every time I open the drawer next to the stove . Stir fry , turning foods of any kind on the grill , and last night , I reached in and safely took two baked potatoes from the oven . Quick , fast , easy to clean . The locking feature keeps them closed in the drawer so they are n't always tangled . OXO did it again with these tongs ... get them ! You 'll love them .
 I ca n't add much to the previous reviews ... I love them , too . They 're very comfortable , convenient , and easy-care . I have very small hands and my husband has very large hands , and we both find these OXO tongs to be very comfortable and versatile . Another great OXO product !
 These are great ! I used them to flip steaks this evening and they worked wonderfully . I was a little worried about the length -LRB- 12 inches -RRB- but they are not too long and have great balance and weight . I think this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship .
 my wife and i have bought at least four sets of tongs including two that appeared to have good gripping ability . none of them were worthy of taking up storage space ! we were just about to give it up when i saw the oxy good grip tongs on amazon . i read all the reviews , went for it , and bought it . the reviews were right on target . what a great pair of tongs ! steaks , chicken quarters , even a slab of ribs were no problem . please take my word for it , in the world of tongs they have no equal !
 If you buy these tongs you know you are buying 16 inch long tongs , i mean cmon ' . This is in reference to the below reviewer . I own the 9 inch and the 12 inch tongs from this line and am VERY plesaed with them . i just did not buy the 16 inch ones because i knew they were mainly for the bbq , unless a person has a specific need for them . So to all , the other lengths in this line are great , and if you need 16 inch tongs i would definatley reccommend them !
 Not since chopsticks have I used a one-handed tool which has worked so well in the kitchen . Much easier than a spatula for turning items in a pan , and the long ones are great for the grill . Dishwasher cleanup is a blessing for anyone with limited time . A quintessential kitchen item . Highest rating .
 These tongs -LRB- or some tongs much like them -RRB- are essential in the kitchen . Yeah , they 're 16 inches , which means they are long , but if you have a stove of any size you 'll use them daily . Some reviewer below said they were only for the bbq , but I use them at the stove without any ill effects -LRB- though they 'd be great bbq tongs -- I just do n't want any damage to happen to them -RRB- . They handle smoothly , have a light touch , and lock and unlock quickly and easily . I like these tongs so much , I get sad when I have to cook without them -LRB- at someone else 's house , for example -RRB- . Seriously . Get them .
 I used to have a 16 '' - reach set of tongs that I used a lot on the grill . Unfortunatly , it rusted out and had to be replaced . I started using my regular short -LRB- 10-12 '' -RRB- tongs on the grill and kept burning my hand reaching for things towards the back . After shopping the local stores for a replacement , I gave up and ordered this one from Amazon . It works well as designed , and I especially like the locking mechanism . My old tongs had that stupid wire ring that was supposed to lock into the notches cut into the handle , but it kept falling out . You BBQ guys know what I 'm talking about . Anyway , this locking mechanism is a lot better - it 's more `` push/pull '' and works great . I like this item a lot - now my hands wo n't get burnt when turning Buffalo Wings on the grill .
 We love these tongs , we have them in all 3 lengths , with and without plastic ends . We have gone through many tongs from other manufacturers with mediocre results . The locking mechanism for these tongs are sturdy and durable without slipping . We use these for everythingm from grilling to stovetop to serving salads . We have since donated all the other tongs cluttering up our kitchen .
 I love to cook and love these new tongs . I retired all my other tongs to the recycling center - these are the perfect size for just about any job .
 This tool does a great job . It is long enough to reach the back of a hot barbeque without burning your hands . I have a smaller one I use in my kitchen . I highly recommend this .
 Everyone should have tongs in their kitchen . And these are a great value . They lock closed so are easy to store . And they do n't slide out of your hand because of the rubber-like grip on the handle .
 I have 4 pairs of these and could not cook without them . For grilling , sauteing , tossing pasta and salads , or grabbing a piece of food from between the grates of the range , they are indispensible .
 I 'll make this short . It is a wonderful product . I buy the SS tongs with no tip covering and still use it in my no stick pans . Have three of them
 I 'm used to getting my hands heated up with my old short tongs when grilling -LRB- big grill -RRB- - these take the pain out of turning food , and they are very well built , lock closed , and easy to clean .
 Works very well and easy to Grip ... I also bought the 12 inch tongs after using these
 I use tongs for just about everything I do in the kitchen . The rubber handles make these tongs one of my top rated kitchen items . They can get greasy or wet and they still wo n't slip . Another bonus to is that the rubber on these help heat and cold resistance . I use this alot to turn food in the oven and they have n't burned me once . They also grab small items , that my other tongs have a problem grabing.The one thing I do n't like about these tongs is the way they lock . You have to pull on the bottom to lock them . And push in to open . On my other tongs , there is a clasp that slides up and down the handle , those are much easier to use while cooking . With these you have to use two hands to close . One to hold the handle and the other to pull the little clasp thingy closed . Does n't sound like a big deal , until you 're cooking and in a hurry and trying to close them while getting food out of the oven or whatnot.But given the chance , I would buy them again .
 Reasonably priced and high quality with the additional pull lock for easy storage . These make great `` gifts '' too as sets , ie
 Reasonably priced and high quality with the additional pull lock for easy storage . These make great `` gifts '' too .
 These tongs are great . I had just ordered them to round off a small order and was lucky that I picked these . They are very easy to use and the locking mechanism is great for storing them in a cluttered drawer . I use them for grilling , deep fat frying and getting things the kids have dropped in hard to reach places -LRB- like the toilet -RRB- . I do n't know how we survived without these . Wonderful for anyone .
 I ca n't add much to the previous reviews ... I love them , too . They 're very comfortable , convenient , and easy-care . I have very small hands and my husband has very large hands , and we both find these OXO tongs to be very comfortable and versatile . Another great OXO product !
 Finish is great , the locking mechanism works well , comfortable rubber grips , convenient hang loop .
 I live in the great north of Wisconsin and grill outdoors year round . It is of high quality yet priced right . I also own the 12 inch which I bought locally . I plan on using this set outdoors . Recommended .
 Why do I love them ? Because of the way they `` feel '' in my hand and they way that they store on my utinsil crock . Use this size all most every day .
 Love the OXO locking tongs . I keep them hung on a hook right by the stove . The locking mechanism has NEVER been a problem . They are sturdy , the spring is strong , and the non-slip handles are comfortable . I honestly do not cook without them and have enjoyed my current pair almost daily for 3 years . They are great !!!! Consider them a must-have .
 Real life -LRB- and finger -RRB- savers . Sturdy construction with a strong spring . The locking ability is a god-send . I use the super long set for avoiding hot oil splashes and over the grill . Great reach , good balance , easy to clean .
 This product is typical high quality Oxo Good Grips . It is perfect cooking tool and one no cook should be without . I have washed it several times in my dishwasher and notice no rusting or discoloration . I do wash it on top rack though too . I love the easy open device on the end . I just tap it on coun ter and it opens one handed .
 I 've finally replaced my archaic tongs with this Oxo Good Grips Tongs . I use it for everything . Great product . Do n't hesitate . Just buy a pair .
 These are by far the best tongs I have ever used . Most `` BBQ '' tongs could n't lift an 8OZ steak with out having the steak slip out of the tongs Then again most `` BBQ '' tongs are made from flat stock , flat stock bends easily with minimal force , the U shape on the arms of these tongs will not bend even when lifting the biggest and heaviest steak you could grill . Highly recommended you wo n't be disappointed .
 I have quite a few of these , all still in working condition , they NEVER fail ! Okay , once the spring popped out of place on one which sucked and putting it back was a pain but other than that , no problems ! I use this for everything , works great . Theres a shorter version if you do n't need the extra length and also a 16 '' version for the grill but I use this for my grill as well . As others have said , without this I 'd be lost ! If something ever went wrong , I 'd pick another one up in an instant , Oxo stainless steel ca n't be beat !
 easy to use , good and strong for large items like ribs and good also for turning smaller things , a lot of control
 They are the best tongs I have ever had . Very sturdy and the locking device makes it very easy to store them . Could n't be happier with my purchase .
 A 12 '' set of tongs like these cover 90 % of your needs , unless you grill a lot , perhaps , or cook regularly with unusually large frying pans , braziers , or stockpots . I like the Oxo tongs quite a bit , which is saying a lot , as I do n't think highly of the brand generally . These have a good feel to them , the rubber grip surface is effective for non-slip purposes as well as heat insulation , and the the locking mechanism makes it particularly easy to accommodate in kitchen drawers , the dishwasher , or a utensil pot . The ends have a useful bend to them that makes picking up food items easy . I wish the stainless were just a bit heavier-gauge , but in practice , I have n't had any bending problems.Again , good for 90 % of normal kitchen needs . A longer set of tongs is probably a better choice for grilling , but even there , these are fine for the odd item or so .
 I purchased these and the 12 '' version , , , though they are what I expected I never realized how versatile they are , I previously had the silicon coated tips which was poor utensils for the grill , , , these are great for the grill , skillet and even for dispensing salads and potatoes during a party
 My husband says these tongs are the best we have . He is pretty hard on tongs due to all the grilling he does . He grills pork loin roasts -LRB- each roast is a quarter of a loin , so 2-3 lb ea -RRB- and needs something reliable for picking them up and turning them over .
 best tongs I 've owned , and I 've owned several . Might consider the nylon tippped ones as the non-stick pans scratch pretty easily .
 We purchased the 9 '' tongs for our kitchen and liked them so much we decided to try the 16 '' tongs for the grill and we are pleased with the length so you can keep those delicate fingers away from the heat . All the better to lick the food off instead of licking a burned finger because it hurts .
 I got these a few months ago and ca n't imagine ever cooking without them again . I use them for everything I cook . They are very , very versatile . A great buy !!!!
 The most popular tool in our kitchen . My fianc&eacute; would be lost without them , he reaches for them every time he cooks . Even if they were two or three times the price of any other brand of tongs , they would be a worthwhile investment.When Oxo gets it right , they really get it right . The locking feature is so easy to use , and you never have to worry about them springing open and splattering all over your counter .
 If you buy one of these , you 'll wonder how you ever managed without it ! Whether you 're turning steaks on the grill , arranging chicken breasts in the saute pan or pulling potato pancakes out of the frying pan , this is THE tool . Comfortable in the hand , with just the right `` springiness '' in the hinge . Put it in the dishwasher when you 're done , lock it closed when you put it away in the drawer -LRB- but it wo n't stay there long -RRB- .
 A great item and in fact I now have two ... why you ask ? First , it is better than any other kitchen or grilling tongs I have used ... -LRB- remember if you enjoy grilling it is important to not puncture the meat while cooking ... all you will do is lose some of the juice and some of the flavor -RRB- ... the rubber inserts make using it easy and the rubber lock device at the end of the tool makes it a snap to close easily ... plus it is easy to clean ... just put it in the dishwasher ...
 I got both 9 and 12 inch tongs for my bridal shower . I LOVE them , so does my husband . They are sturdy , easy to handle , the lock is smoth and does not get stuck like some other brands . I am getting my in-laws , who love to cook , a pair this christmas and I know they will love them too .
 I previously rated these a five but in a couple months use , the locking mechanism has broken .
 This is a sturdy , well-made version of a common design . The biggest difference between this one and the others I have had is that this one really works.It 's stable at the hinge and does n't easily twist or mis-align . The lock mechanism works , holding them closed to a fairly narrow opening.I was at my daughter 's the other day , and she and I were joking about the junky pair she has
 Before I started using tongs , I would inevitably get splatter burns from my bacon whenever turning it with my fork . While this wo n't make you a better cook , it 'll make the cooking easier . I know that Alton Brown recommends against locking tongs , but these have never locked up on me at an inopportune time . I 've found that I can easily open them just by pushing the lock against my torso -LRB- when you 've got an extremely heavy , hot cast-iron pan , you 'll find this pretty useful -RRB- .
 oxo tongs , good quality for a china product . grip feels good in hand and works smoothly as i expected from a cooks country rating .
 These are very well-made tongs . The locking mechanism helps to save on storage space . That 's all I can really say about kitchen tongs .
 These tongs are great . I already had one pair but we grill so often that I often had to use a secondary junk pair that I picked up from some place because my pair of OXO 's were dirty . The problem with bad tongs is usually the build quality and tendency to pop open even after they are secured closed . Not the OXO 's . The OXO tongs are built to last with a secure hinge and rubberized grips . There is not much play between the blades either which is to say that the relative motion between the two blades is pretty much the same every time , no flopping around and dropping a corn on the cob ! The pull lever that keeps it closed is what all tongs should have . It is long enough that it wo n't wear a corner down and allow the tongs to open . These things will stay shut until you push the lever in . I personally love the longer size tongs too . They give you the length you need to keep from slowly roasting you forearm while dinner is cooking . IMO , there is nothing bad about these . Everything is top notch and I 'm thinking about getting a shorter pair to use in the kitchen . Get a set . You wo n't regret it !
 Finally , a workable set of tongs for my grilling.I believe these are the best available for the following reasons : a . They are very well madeb . The lock makes the tongs easy to usec . These tongs look great , too .
 I use these all the time ... in fact , I 'm thinking about buying a second pair ! Grip is comfortable , spring is at the right tension , and the length is just right .
 The extra length , strength and gripping ability of these tongs make grilling much easier . I was doubting that they would be an improvement over the normal 12 '' kitchen tongs until I used them the first time . Wow . I can highly recommend this product .
 I find myself using these far more than I thought I would . They 're well built , they close evenly and precisely , -LRB- which can not be said for el-cheapo models -RRB- and are easy to clean . They work well for pretty much anything , grilling , pasta , etc , etc. . Plus they 're quite affordable , so it 's a great buy .
 If you wan na grill and cook like a pro , you need to shell out $ 15 for these tongs ! They are great ! Now if i could locate i restaurant supply store that generic 16 '' tongs for cheap i would probably buy a few of those instead , but these tongs are worth it ! i have manhandled lots of baby back ribs and 5lb roasts with these bad boys no problem ! i would have preferred a simpler locking mechanism , i mean if it ai n't broke dont fix it , but the locking mechanism on these has helf up so far .
 I was browsing for a new set of tongs , absolutely nothing wrong with the set I have because I find them so handy that I really could use a second pair . Oddly enough I didnt really know where I got my original pair from or what brand they were , but these are it ! The same ones I 've been using for ages . Not at all expensive but work great for cooking almost everything . I highly recommend these if you 're looking for a pair of tongs .
 I have several pairs of these tongs in various sizes and with different `` gripping '' materials . I bought these specifically for my grill and I have not been disappointed . I have used numerous sets of tongs and these are , by far , the best . The heads are the most dexterous of any pair of tongs I 've found and the locking mechanism is simple and effective .
 When I got these I was worried about the price , but after 4 years of use they are still going strong and do n't look like they are going to die any time soon . They feel good in the hand , nice weight and sturdy feel , and I never feel like I 'm going to drop something while using them . The locking feature is also nice so they do n't take up much space in a drawer , although these days I hang them from the little hole at the end of the handle . In short , great product and worth the money .
 Tongs are the MOST useful tool in my kitchen . I use them to
 These tongs are cleverly designed and solidly built , with a good , sturdy spring , a convenient locking mechanism and comfortable , stay-cool rubber handles . The 16-inch variety is the perfect length for barbecues . It is too long for most indoor tasks.The 12-inch is the best size for all-around use , and the 9-inch is best for salads and the like.Enjoy !
 I had a smallish pair of tongs for turning eggplant and cutlets while sauteeing . Tired of burnt fingers , I invested in the locking OXO tongs . Good move . The lock allows you to put the tongs in a drawer , and you just pull the ring at the top to unlock and get the full spread of the tongs.The longer handle , insulated with plastic , means your hands stay cool and more importantly , at a distance from spitting bacon , hot slices of eggplant or a frying chicken breast . They also work fine on the outdoor barbecue grill , though LONGER tongs would be good if your grill is larger than my puny one .
 These kitchen tongs are better than any purported `` BBQ '' tongs I have tried . Most BBQ tongs are so tight , they 'll give you hand cramps at the end of the day . The springiness on these is just right , and the rubber grips reduce slippage . Also , I do n't know why , but many BBQ tongs have claws instead of being scalloped like these . These are much less likely to tear apart tender fish.The locking feature is great so you do n't have to have 16 '' tongs splayed open all the time . They lock in the closed position by pulling on a metal ring at the end of the tongs . I tied a leather loop to the ring , so I can hang them and lock them in one motion . To unlock , I just press the ring against my body - all done with one hand.To top it all off , they are sold at a great price . Do n't let the fact that these tongs are not advertised as BBQ tongs fool you - they 're great for grilling .
 Great balance and tension make these tongs a pleasure to use . I bought them for the grill , but use them for a million other things in the kitchen . I got a small taste of what arthritis sufferers must endure when I whacked my hand on something a couple weeks ago & bruised it badly . My grip strength was greatly reduced & it hurt to try to squeeze anything ... this was the only tool in my kitchen that I could still use easily . The locking mechanism is sturdy , simple to operate , & makes storage easy too . Get 'em and you 'll find that they move to the top of the `` always in the dishwasher '' list , because you 'll use them that much !
 Love these tongs . The 12 '' model is much more practical for the kitchen , but this 16 '' model is absolutely perfect for the barbeque . There are many brands of tongs , but OXO has the best springiness -- not too strong and not too wimpy . The only other tongs worth considering are the 12 '' Hamilton Beach ones that lock or unlock by gravity -- one or the other as you invert them . The latter are excellent for a cook who can not use a second hand to move the locking piece at the handle end of the OXOs .
 Seriously , I got a set of these recently , and they have made all the difference in my chicken marsala . My old tongs are single-piece molded rubber , designed for use with non-stick cookware , and twist something awful when trying to handle any but the lightest ingredients . As someone else pointed out , these stainless steel tongs are no good for non-stick , but I have been getting away from non-stick anyway , ever since discovering Calphalon Commercial Hard-Anodized cookware.The wide , flat head of these tongs allows breaded foods to be gently lifted from the cooking surface without tearing the breading , and the hinged metal arms prevent torque . The lock mechanism is great , and allows you to put the tongs down just about anywhere without having to deal with splayed-out arms while cooking . As far as cleanup , I 've been scared to put mine in the dishwasher , but manual cleanup is very easy , and I have yet to see food stick to the business end of this great product .
 I was n't much of a user of tongs , I just used an old pair of Ecko 's when I needed to get corn or a lobster out of a hot pot of water , or turn over chicken on the grill . But these are the tongs that are changing that pattern . They 're great for almost anything . Theey feel good in your hand , have a good grip , are easy to clean -LRB- dishwasher safe too -RRB- , and they have a neat little tab you pull out to hold them in the closed and locked position so they do n't monopolize your utensil drawer . The 9 inch tongs are long enough that you do n't easily get burnt using them on the grill , and they 're small enough to leave in a salad bowl for serving . And they look nice enough that you can use them at the table and not be embarrassed .
 I love these tongs . OXO makes wonderful products , they are ergonomic so they are n't hard to use . These are heaven sent . The rubber handles keeps you from burning your hands when you accidently leave them in a hot skillet or on a hot stove . They also lock , which is a nice feature for when you want to put them away . I love this tool . You can sautee with these , use them while tossing pasta or salad , or when you need to move a hot lid . I ca n't say enough nice things about these tongs , I use mine every day .
 OXO products are usually very good . They are designed with consumer comfort and ergonomics in mind . They are usually very well made and solid items as well.These tongs are no exception . The are large enough to give you good reach and distance from oil splatter . They are absolutely invaluable in cooking , as an extension of your hand to move food items around in pots and pans without burning yourself . It 's so easy to use these to grab steak and flip em , MUCH easier than trying to flip with a fork , spatula , or other devices . That 's because this tool can actually grab and pick up food . The rubber on the handles makes it very comfortable and helps with heat - I still would n't leave it in pot of hot water though , the stainless steel goes throughout , so it will still get hot , the rubber just helps . The locking mechanism is strong and stable . The entire thing is easy to wash and clean . I have n't had any problems with these at all and would recommend them to anyone.If there was any improvements to be made , it would be to maybe have non-stick tips that were a little gentler on breaded foods . Some kind of rubber/silicone/non-stick tip would be my next set of tongs . I would like to have both versions . The stainless steel tips have good grip , so I would n't want to sacrifice that . So I think having one of each would be perfect .
 These tongs a little more expensive , but they wo n't `` twist '' on you the way that cheaper tongs will when you try to pick up and flip a heavier item . The great locking mechanisim , which means never having to deal with sliding rings again , is worth the price of admission . I 've used these tongs -LRB- and their longer 16 '' cousins -RRB- for everything , including grill duty , for about 3 years and they 're just as good as new .
 I have tried many other types of tongs , and these are by far my favorite . Easy to clean , compact for drawer space , and EASY to use ! Light weight and far less complicated than traditional scissor style tongs . Every cook , beginner to Chef , should have these ! Great as part of a gift basket for newlyweds or new home owners too !
 I recently burned myself trying to extract artichokes from a pot at a friend 's house . So I checked around and found these tongs on Amazon , looked at the ratings , and got a pair for myself and some for that friend and another . We all love them . They pick up large artichokes with no problem . They 're long enough to use on the grill . They wash up in the dishwasher and stay closed in the drawer . They look good , feel good , and work very well . I 'm very pleased with this item , as I have been with everything else I 've gotten from OXO .
 Best I 've found so far . Unlike collared tongs , the Oxo locking mechanism will not accidentally engage while tongs are in use . They have good stiffness and torsional rigidity and the metal at the gripping ends is thick so you wo n't cut into your steaks/wings/whatever even under high grip pressure . Rubber handle inserts give these a solid feel that provides confidence when you 're using them . Price is right too !
 ***** These tongs are sturdy , and fine for all tong tasks . OXO makes these tongs in the 9-inch , 12-inch , and 16-inch size . Note that these tongs do NOT have nylon tips at the bottom edges , like another version of OXO tongs that I much prefer . These would not be safe for using on non-stick cookware ; however , you could use these tongs for many things you could n't use the nylon head tongs for because there is no nylon to potentially melt , so you would n't have to be as careful with them.These stainless steel tongs are a great alternative to the cheap aluminum tongs that feel flimsy and break easily . OXO products , including this one , are always easier to use and of high quality.They store easily in a smaller space because of the locking mechanism at the top and they have a loop if you want to hang them . They clean easily , too . They should be good to go for any kitchen task . *****
 Many people may find me wierd but i collect TONGS ! Im mad about them but i must say out of all 539 different type of tongs , i have to say these are the best tongs i have seen in my life , with its long slender neck and its irrisistable grip they are the best and i 'd recommend them to anyone . If i were to choose any of my 539 tongs to cook with i would choose this pair as they are an extremly brilliant pair to use . I do n't think that you can buy a better pair any where in the world if you dont have these tongs then go and buy them now -LRB- I also love OXO cubes -RRB-
 Again , I am the type of person that researches all my items I buy at least 2-3 days too many before I make a purchase . I do n't mind spending more for better quality . The OXO 16 inch locking tongs are perfect for my BBQ needs . The spring mechanism is set at a perfect tension , unlike my previous more expensive set . Dishwasher safe , great feeling handle . I use these once a week and have had them for almost a year . Great investment .
 I bought all three sizes of the Oxo Good Grips Tongs . These tongs are INDESTRUCTIBLE !! Between my husband , two sons , and myself cooking in the kitchen through out the day and night , if these were any other brand , they would have never lasted . I 've had all three of my OXO Tongs for years now and have never needed replacing ! WELL WORTH the $ . These tongs are very , very reasonably priced . HIGHLY RECOMMEND !! These are one of those things I ca n't live without . I use them all the time for all kinds of cooking and baking .
 These tongs have nice teeth to grab food with out tearing . I do n't know how long the black grips will last but the metal on the tongs has nice finish and very thick . The locking mechanism works great and is in the right place on the tongs . The length makes it easy to get food from the back of the grill .
 Easy to use and extremely useful for grilling ! A great Oxo product that does exactly what you want it to do - they 're easy to open and close and the longer reach is great for extra reach on our large grill and our smoker . I highly recommend these if you 're looking for longer tongs .
 Searched high and low for the perfect tongs for non-stick surfaces that did n't cost a fortune and of course found the OXO brand to perfectly fit the bill -LRB- as usual -RRB- . These are not too long , perfect for kitchen use . Their tips are not the annoying soft silicone type like so many out there but instead a harder tip that is angled and pointed so you can use then for a number of surfaces or into pots of boiling things . I really love the feel of these in my smallish hands and that they lock is an added bonus so they do n't take up tons of room in your drawer . Perfect !
 These tongs are quality made and are going to last a long time . So far we 've used them to take hot corn cobs out of the pot , and to take oven thermometer out of the hot oven . They would be great to use for an outdoor grill , for salads etc. . I like the fact that they lock because you can conveniently put them away for storage . And the silicone grip prevents them from getting hot . Highly recommend !
 The coolest thing about these tongs is the locking bit . Now I can put my tongs in a drawer next to the stove and still get the drawer open.In the old days , if the tongs got put in the drawer , they 'd magically open up during the night waiting for the next time I urgently needed to open that drawer to get a knife ... or some tongs . This usually occurred when the bacon had begun to burn . Yanking on the end of the drawer with the fire alarm screaming and my bacon turning to ash is not the best way to start my morning . It leads to expletives and bent tongs.The tongs locker is the answer . These actually belong to my son , but I 'm hiding them when he gets his own house .
 Tongs are the workhorse of a kitchen , and these are an exceptionally good version . They are stainless steel , have rubber grips , and are a good length.The ability to lock when the hook is pulled is a good one . The manual lock is much better than the kind that lock when you point them a certain way , even though this requires more than one hand to use it . The auto-locking type are always locking when I do n't want them to . The lock is really only useful to make them collapse for storage , and if you are putting it away , you probably also have both hands free.The length of this one is just right . The jaws spread larger than with smaller tongs , which allows grabbing larger items . It also gives you some reach , which is important when using them on something in the middle of a hot pan . I have a set of smaller ones that I rarely use , so if you only want one , this is the right one to get.The only negative is that the metal head can scratch nonstick pans if you are n't careful with it.Sean P. Logue , 2007
 It is used often , works well and would buy the same product again .
 The 9in . tongs are just the right size especially for small pieces , like bacon , chicken , small cutlets or hor doerves baked in the oven . I love the tightness of the tips and the locking mechanism makes them easy to store away .
 These are the best tongs I 've ever bought . They 're heavy enough to handle the largest pieces of meat , yet so easy to handle that it also works well for small items , as well .
 I love these tongs ! They are very well made and do the job great ! I would buy them again and would recommend them to anyone !
 These are so handy I bought several more for my kitchen and plan to buy several for the motorhome . They are great for dredging/coating , transfering & removing meats and vegetables from hot pans not mention turning foods without puncturing .
 I bought about 5 of these just to have on hand while the others are in the dishwasher ... love them !!!
 I have small hands , these tongs are light and just the right size . I bought them to use with my baby Q grill and they are perfect .
 I 've bought a few years ago for my wife then for my mother-in-law . We 're still using these tongs -LRB- 9-inch , 12-inch ones -RRB- and they are in excellent shape . I bought these as a gift for my sister-in-law . I also bought a 16 inch for my BBQ grill since the one I have for BBQ grill is not good to use .
 As with most OXO kitchen tools these tongs are quality ! They work well , grip tight and provide a long reach for those particularly hot fires !
 These tongs are so nice that I just ordered a second pair . I love the fact that they lock and lock very easily . I used these all the time for indoor as well as outdoor cooking . They go right in the dishwasher and clean up beautifully . I have several other pairs of tongs but from repeated dishwasher use , they are starting to become difficult to open and close . Not so with the OXO Good Grips .
 The quality of these tongs is pretty good . The metal is nice and strong , and the rubber grips are nice . The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is that I wish the spring required a little bit more force . The power needed to clamp them seems a bit low . Nevertheless , its only a minor flaw .
 I 've had this tongs for more than five years and used them for grilling . They are like new . The spring action is very comfortable , not too hard , not too soft . Do yourself a favor and buy one .
 OXO Good Grips Tongs 28581 12-inch . 5 Stars . Perfect for every dish . I ordered another one .
 I bought a pair of these as a Mother 's day gift , they seem to be satisfactory . The price & style appealed to me , price did n't seem too bad either . I did a little searching around for tongs and had difficulty finding anything , Amazon has a great selection and these tongs looked as good as any here.You should be aware that the 12 inch length is total length , not from your hand to the end . I was a little disappointed to see that they 're made in China , so much is these days .
 This was part of a wedding gift set . I have not heard pro nor con about this item from the receiving couple .
 Good quality spring loaded tongs . Good for barbecue and other kitchen uses . The locking mechanism is a smart idea for the storage , so you can lock them in the closed position and slide them in to a drawer without the swing mechanism opening them and getting them jammed somewhere .
 I used to be a cook many moons ago , and was looking for some tongs that were of the same quality as commercial quality tongs . These are even better . The soft part on the handles keeps them from burning your hands and is great when you 're standing there holding them for any length of time . I find this size is perfect for all around tong needs . I use them to grill , to take bread or bread sticks off pans in the oven , remove baked potatoes from the oven , turning bacon , you name it . They 're also great for serving and they get a good grip on the food item and are easy to handle.I had one set of these already for years , and though they look like they did when I bought them I use them so much I wanted another pair so I did n't have to be constantly washing them . They go in the dishwasher nicely and lock in a closed position which is great if you 're limited on space.We have a fairly small kitchen , but if I had more space I 'd get a few more pairs of these .
 You would not think that quality tongs as a critical addition to your cooking utensils but this brand of tongs -LRB- regardless of size -RRB- are all that I like to use . The spring loaded tongs work well for those long grilling sessions , whereas the compression ones tire out your hands . These offer greater control as they keep your hands out of the heat.Highly Recommend !
 So far so good , the tongs have been strong and have proven to be good with the handle as far as using with the grip area . I would recommend them at this point
 I use these and do not burn my hands and arms . They have a good grip and the tongs hold the meats and fish securely .
 This is great , I love it , no more feeling the heat on my hands over the BBQ with the short tongs . Love the locking feature . Simple but it works great . Excellent quality too ... good job OXO .
 Ok people , they are tongs . Not much to say here . The design is simple . They are great for picking up and moving around hot food . I use them all the time for grilling out and they never get too hot to hold . After three years , they still show no signs of wear or rust.Recommended
 I do n't know how I lived before them , and do n't want to think about living without them . The pair is a total workhorse in my kitchen , it does everything like flipping food on the grill , tossing salads and pasta , transferring roasts to cutting boards , crushing nuts and even reaming citruses . I love love love this model because it locks very tightly and securely , and washes up like a dream . It is made sturdy and durable , I 've had these ones for two years and have never had any issues with them . I honestly ca n't imagine how they would fail to work one day , but if , God forbids , that happens , I will replace them with an identical pair .
 I LOVE these tongs . They 're all purpose . I use them when grilling , to turn asparagus on a baking sheet in the oven , to flip chicken breasts cooking in a skillet . I can even use them as a tool to grab cereal boxes or pancake mix off a high shelf . If you spend a lot of time cooking , you need these tongs in your kitchen .
 Another use for tongs is to remove the giblets pack from a partially roasted frozen turkey.Turkeys set out to thaw in fridge or on counter can leave very dangerous contamination which can be deadly . Google about the problem and warnings from government agencies.The solution is to keep bird frozen and then put directly into oven . After reaching a certain temp you are then able to remove the giblet package with tongs , using a fork can break the bag . If not removed the bag will later break at higher temperatures . The giblet bag is a part more likely contaminated , and emptying the sealed bag in boiling water to cook is the cure if you like giblets . Locking tongs help make removal an easy task.Non locking tongs can be temporarily made to lock with rubber band around the handle grip .
 I recently burned myself trying to extract artichokes from a pot at a friend 's house . So I checked around and found these tongs on Amazon , looked at the ratings , and got a pair for myself and some for that friend and another . We all love them . They pick up large artichokes with no problem . They 're long enough to use on the grill . They wash up in the dishwasher and stay closed in the drawer . They look good , feel good , and work very well . I 'm very pleased with this item , as I have been with everything else I 've gotten from OXO .
 These tongs are cleverly designed and solidly built , with a good , sturdy spring , a convenient locking mechanism and comfortable , stay-cool rubber handles . They are great for barbecues , stir fry , salad and more . Very convenient.The 12-inch is the best size for all-around use .
 The OXO Good Grips tongs are excellent tongs with good feel , good grip , and easy one-handed locking and unlocking . Their `` good grip '' makes them comfortable to use and heat resistant , but are their ultimate failing . If you used these every day , and put them in the dishwasher every day , the grip will break down and start leaving nasty black marks on your hands over time . How long ? More than a year , but less than three . I keep hoping OXO will upgrade the quality of their black grips , but sadly no change . So , I gave up . I simply buy these and expect to throw them out in a couple of years , and buy another pair . They are good enough in all other ways that I 'm willing to do that . There are a lot of other tong choices , and I 've tried a few , but none that perform as well as these . Just do n't think they 'll last forever if you run them through the dishwasher regularly .
 Length :
 Cook 's Country rated these Highly RecommendedTo the uninitiated , all grill tongs look the same . But small design nuances have a huge impact on how well tongs handle asparagus or corn , flip a whole chicken , or turn an awkward , floppy rack of ribs on the grill . Tongs are extensions of our arms and hands , and a great pair should work nearly as naturally.The main difference between kitchen and grill tongs is length
 ***** These tongs are sturdy , and fine for all tong tasks . OXO makes these tongs in the 9-inch , 12-inch , and 16-inch size . Note that these tongs do NOT have nylon tips at the bottom edges , like another version of OXO tongs that I much prefer . These would not be safe for using on non-stick cookware ; however , you could use these tongs for many things you could n't use the nylon head tongs for because there is no nylon to potentially melt , so you would n't have to be as careful with them.These stainless steel tongs are a great alternative to the cheap aluminum tongs that feel flimsy and break easily . OXO products , including this one , are always easier to use and of high quality.They store easily in a smaller space because of the locking mechanism at the top and they have a loop if you want to hang them . They clean easily , too . They should be good to go for any kitchen task . *****
 OXO makes good gear and this set of tongs is both comfortable and built well . The plastic handle keeps the end from getting too hot when stirring pasta or other work where it 's exposed to heat for a long time.I use this for frying , stirring , turning , tossing , grabbing , and find able to handle it all . I have used these types of tongs for years , and the plastic handle is a nice addition . So is the locking tab that keeps them closed for storage . The smart additions make this gadget even more convenient to use .
 These are all we 'd hoped . They 're easy to use , clean and store . This size also works well when grilling on the barbeque . Highly recommend !
 I have so many sets of tongs that I can compare these well . The locking features is terrific , and the the rubber handles are great . Love 'em !
 I 'm very happy with the steel tongs . I have owned several types of tongs over the years and these are the best so far . They are made well , the locking mechanism keeps them safe in the dish washer and they have that really nice grip on them .
 Thought I was nuts to pay such a price for tongs , but after using them it was n't nutty at all . The over-all quality is outstanding , the `` look and feel '' is great , and this item does its job really well . The locking feature is a great idea . A pleasure to own and use.A very minor complaint
 I use them whenever I BBQ or grill . Love them . They work great !
 Excellent !!! I am so glad to have this product in my kitchen . Wish I had it years ago . I am throwing away all the other tongs as they do not work as well as these .
 You simply need this with a nonstick pan . If you have chicken or beef strips that want to fall off the spatula , these are perfect . You do n't need to stab your meat with a fork and risk ruining the nonstick on your pans.I also love these on cast iron pans that are really hot so you can really grip the meat to turn it.They are safe to pick foods out of hot oil too ! Like yummy homemade Crab Rangoons!They are a little cumbersome in the dishwasher utensil drawer , but other than that , PERFECT !
 Spring hinge ... excellent grabbing power ... 9 inch gives me control over the weight balance ... . locking mechanism keeps tongs closed in utensil drawer , preventing inter-tangle with other items ... I want another pair !
 These are the tongs you are looking for if you want something thatis n't expensive , built to last and are nice and long so you do n't burnyourself . Very hard to find in stores at this length . We had a cheapknock off pair of these originally and the OXOs are made of much heaviergauge stainless steel . Great !!!
 I received these as a bridal shower gift and I love them . They are the perfect size and weight and seem very strong and durable . Stains do not set on these and I love the rubbery grip on them . A great value , you will use these forever without having to replace them .
 These tongs are wonderful ! They are an indispensable item to have around your kitchen , and I have several . They can easily be locked/unlocked quickly , pick up food solidly , and are dishwasher-safe . I do , however , feel that the edges could be a bit more sharply serrated to hold onto heavier foods .
 I like the way they close and open my old one just had a wire clip that went up and down and often off the tongs . It was supposed to be a very good one . this one is all over that one .
 If there is anything I really dislike , it 's `` cheap made '' kitchen ware . That 's why I use OXO items like these tongs . They grip well without having to squeeze hard , have a non slip gripping area that wo n't transfer heat if using in boiling water -LRB- they might if you left them sit in it a while , I do n't know -RRB- I give it four stars because I do n't like the locking mechanism . It extends up to lock the item closed for storage . Some may like it , I do n't . I did n't allow that feature from allowing me from purchasing it though . Good tongs ...
 Absolutely love mine , too . In fact , when I 'm done writing this , I 'm going to order another pair . Covenient , easy , comfortable , useful . What else do you really need to say ? -LRB- Mine have n't rusted ... :--RRB- -RRB-
 These are the best tongs , but I no longer store them in my cooking utensil drawer . While in there , the tongs opened up and the next time I attempted to open the drawer one `` arm '' of the tongs jammed between the cabinet top and countertop . It took the cabinet company -LRB- and one of their thinnest employees -RRB- about 25 min to remove the drawers below , take off the runners and `` drop '' the back of the stuck drawer enough to pull out the tongs .
 This cooking utensil is well designed and perform the job well and seemlessly . GREAT TOOL .
 ***** These tongs are sturdy , and fine for all tong tasks . OXO makes these tongs in the 9-inch , 12-inch , and 16-inch size . Note that these tongs do NOT have nylon tips at the bottom edges , like another version of OXO tongs that I much prefer . These would not be safe for using on non-stick cookware ; however , you could use these tongs for many things you could n't use the nylon head tongs for because there is no nylon to potentially melt , so you would n't have to be as careful with them.These stainless steel tongs are a great alternative to the cheap aluminum tongs that feel flimsy and break easily . OXO products , including this one , are always easier to use and of high quality.They store easily in a smaller space because of the locking mechanism at the top and they have a loop if you want to hang them . They clean easily , too . They should be good to go for any kitchen task . *****
 ***** These tongs are sturdy , and fine for all tong tasks . OXO makes these tongs in the 9-inch , 12-inch , and 16-inch size . Note that these tongs do NOT have nylon tips at the bottom edges , like another version of OXO tongs that I much prefer . These would not be safe for using on non-stick cookware ; however , you could use these tongs for many things you could n't use the nylon head tongs for because there is no nylon to potentially melt , so you would n't have to be as careful with them.These stainless steel tongs are a great alternative to the cheap aluminum tongs that feel flimsy and break easily . OXO products , including this one , are always easier to use and of high quality.They store easily in a smaller space because of the locking mechanism at the top and they have a loop if you want to hang them . They clean easily , too . They should be good to go for any kitchen task . *****
 I do n't know how I ever managed without my kitchen tongs ... As an avid `` Food Network '' watcher , I slobber over all of the tools that they have at their disposal . However , I have limited funds and limited space and ca n't justify `` one-purpose '' tools . But truly , I could n't do without these ! I use them for everything from fish to fries to salads to burgers . The quality is great and the size is perfect !!!
 All tongs are not created equal . Most at this price do n't grip , do n't line up straight , and bend easily . Not these . They are real work horses . They are sturdy , line up , grip well , and the locking mechanism actually works when not in use . I bought 2 pair . If I had 3 hands , I would have bought three . They are just the right length for just about any use . Get them .
 These are by far the best pair of tongs I 've ever used for grilling ! They have very comfortable non slip handles and plenty of backbone even for handling the largest foods . I highly recommend this product !
 These are my absolutely FAVORITE tongs !! I 've owned them for years and have never had a problem with them . Other tongs I owned in the past , were hard to lock/unlock with one hand -LRB- if you could at all -RRB- and others pinched your fingers easily . These are the perfect size , easy to clean and EASY to use . I would give them 6 stars if I could !
 This is a well designed and manufactured tool . The locking feature makes it convenient to store in a drawer and the black rubber handle makes the tongs comfortable to hold . I do n't know how I did without this tool before . Another hit for the GOODGRIPS brand .
 very well made the lock is metal witch on other tongs wears out and they will not lock properly after three or so months ofuse .
 I ca n't think of any negatives about this product , I love these tongs . I just bought a 16-inch set for the grill . If you want great tongs , OXO rocks ...
 I received these tongs in addition to my Kitchenaid ones and I just love them ! They 're long enough to reach into large pots without scalding your wrists , hands , etc. , and I should know - I 'm the queen of burning myself ! They grab everything with ease and I particulraly like the rubber grips . The Kitchenaid ones do n't have that and have a tendency to get hot . These do n't so they get tons more use . Besides , they 're great to grab things from high shelves too ! And , for ornery little boys to run around the house , beating whatever he wants with them , grabbing the cat 's tail , etc. , and they still look new . Ca n't beat that !
 this is an excellent brand that works well ! we have a shorter pair that we use all the time in the house but i purchased these for my husband to use on the grill as they seemed more sturdy that his grill set and he just loves them ! great price and free shipping when i purchased $ 25 of items made it an even better bargain !
 Mine worked so well I bought my son a pair for his grilling needs . America 's Test Kitchen rates these as tops for grilling . ac .
 OXO makes great products , so it 's no surprise that these tongs are great to work with . My old tongs lasted 20 years and I suspect these will last the next 20 .
 These are some heavy duty tongs . I used to have short , wire tongs that I would always get my hands burned with when making a steak or felafel on the stove . Now I use these all the time along with a splatter screen and have no more issues with oil getting all over the place , including my hands . I have n't used these on a grill outside yet , but I 'm sure these would be perfect for that . I love how they lock , as well . Push in the tag to release , pull out to lock , which is great for storage and for the dishwasher . Overall , very happy with the 16 '' length vs the 9 '' and 12 '' .
 These are the perfect BBQ tongs ! In the locked position , they grip an oiled paper towel to grease the hot grill with very little additional pressure . The handle is long and comfortable . You do n't have to have your hand too near the grill to use the tongs . These will be a delight to anyone who has tried other BBQ tongs .
 These are so nice . Was n't sure if they would be too long at first but when I got them I found out quickly that they are perfect . My hands are sensitive to heat and these allow me to turn the meats etc. without having my hands directly over the heat . Grips are strong and sturdy and the strips on each side make it super comfy to hold . Like the little locking feature at the top .
 Over time I 've become a fan of Oxo products . These tongs have what I have found to be usual Oxo great quality . I , however , must add that I rely to a high extent on Amazon customers ' reviews and all the Oxo products that I have bought have had very good to excellent reviews . I would n't buy any Oxo product or any other product from Amazon.com if it had bad customer reviews .
 For the longest time I have been using my shorter OXO kitchen tongs on the grill . I had tried many other `` grill '' tongs , with no luck . Either they did not have a good grip on the food or the tongs structural integrity was crappy when they got this long . This is not the case with the OXO 16 '' SS tongs . I love them and would recommend them to anyone that enjoys grilling !
 The tongs work great . They hold onto hot dogs , burgers , steaks , and pretty much anything else very well . It feels very comfortable in my hands.The only complaint is that the locking mechanism can be hard to pull into the lock position . It started working smoothly , but after a couple of weeks it seems to be much harder to pull . Next time I use them I 'll try some WD40 and see if that improves the lock 's function .
 Pretty straightforward product -- very long tongs for certain jobs like flipping things in the back of the barbecue or even moving wood in a fire . Typical good quality that Oxo usually provides . Perhaps not the easiest tongs in the world to control , but only due to the length , as I would expect .
 these tongs work great . they are wide enough at the ends so no food falls out.very comfortable , and easy to use .
 These grips are made well and grip tight . Hey are basic but will do the normal stuff you need them for . They are also nice and long so if you 're BBQ-ing you wo n't get burned !
 I 've had these for a couple of years now , and I 'm completely satisfied . No more singed forearms . No more dropping meat . These are comfortable in the hand , sturdy , with good grips that have held up in the dishwasher . I 've even laid them on top of the grill lid and forgotten them for a bit , so that they were too hot to hold , but the grips did n't melt . -LRB- Not saying they WO N'T if they get hot enough . -RRB- I use them at least once a week . I 've had cheaper , shorter tongs that , after a period of use , the jaws just did n't line up right any more , ruining the grip on the food . Not these , even though the increased leverage of the extra distance from the jaws to the hinge would seem to put more stress on the hinge and make that misalignment even more likely . I 've used them to turn half chickens , roasts and other heavy things , and little things like veggies and skewered shrimp . For lots of thinner things , you do n't even have to release the latch to let them open all the way . They 're kind of cumbersome when wide open and not in use , but it 's a cinch to work the latch to close them and open them . Finally , the spring tension is just right . So many grill tongs have you fighting the spring just to close the jaws , making it necessary to squeeze them quite hard just to have a decent grip on the food . Not these . Just enough springiness to keep them open , which lets your grip hold the food , not fight the tongs . Great for those of us with limited grip strength . Oh , one more thing . It 's no trouble at all to handle raw meat with these and keep right on using them without washing to avoid spreading bacteria . The longer length makes it easy to just place the business end right over the fire for a bit to cook off any dangerous germs , so you can go from placing the raw meat on the grill to serving it without washing the tongs or grabbing another pair.3-year + update
 We own multiples of the 9 '' and 12 '' stainless steel version -LRB- no plastic on the end -RRB- . I purchased my first one in 1999 , and has performed flawlessly . The rubber on the handles allow you to grip them with greasy hands , and when they get hot . They can easily be locked/unlocked with one hand . I 'm a personal chef , and take these on every job . We have never had a rust problem -LRB- or any other problem -RRB- with these tongs . If you 're looking for a good set of tongs that wo n't fail you , these are the ticket .
 My mom never used tongs like these when I was growing up , so I never thought of getting a pair . But now that I have them , these tongs have quickly become one my favorite kitchen tools.As with the other Oxo products I 've purchased , these tongs look nice and are well constructed . I do n't know how I ever did without them .
 This is a must have in any kitchen ! Easy to handle , inexpensive and so versatile !
 Bought these as a gift when old tongs fell apart . Love the OXO brand in general and usually buy them at Target or BB&B . These tongs are easy to lock and unlock and the grip handles are comfortable and do not move after washing in the dishwasher . Great overall and I 'd recommend to others .
 Love them ! I went back and forth on what kind of locking mechanism to get and I 'm really glad I went with these . I love the pull tab at the top -LRB- I almost bought the kind that automatically lock depending on how you hold them -RRB- . These are perfect and I use them all the time , even in situations I never knew tongs could be helpful in .
 These Oxo Good Grips tongs are perfect for the kitchen.It is long enough and big enough to be useful for cooking in large quantities yet maneuverable enough for day to day use.The rubber handles are comfortable and make the tongs easy to hold . The locking mechanism is simple and easy to use . The tongs are also sturdy yet light . One other good thing about these is that the rubber grips make them useful even when wet or for hot food.Pros : - Sturdy - Lightweight - Comfortable to hold - Good locking mechanism - Good size - Rubber grips insulate against hot foodOverall : - This pair of tongs are great for everyday use and designed with the user in mind .
 Who 'd think a cheap kitchen tool could excite such passion among its owners ? I bought mine after using one at a friend 's house , and have since thrown out all the other openers in the kitchen drawer.It 's easy to use , easy to clean -LRB- dishwasher safe ! -RRB- and more convenient than an electric . Worth every penny .
 This is the best can opener I 've found . It 's a bit bulkier than your average hand held opener , but the ease of use , and the comfortable fit made it worth the extra space in the gadget drawer .
 After having a mediocre electric can opener for years , I got the OXO locking opener at the store . At first it looked questionable ... plastic handles , a little release button on one side . Then my friends and I opened a half dozen cans for a party the day after I bought it and it was like a hot knife through butter . Nobody complained about having `` can duty '' at all for a change . Once you click the handles together you just have to hold the can level so you do n't spill - no squeezing involved . The knob turns very easily , which was also a surprise . Never in a million years did I expect it to work this well . Even though it 's marketed as the low end model of OXO can openers , I would highly recommend it . The higher end OXO models are just glitz for more $ $ .
 I 've had one of these for a while now that replaced a P-3 , a cheap tin hand cranked one and an old electric countertop model . This opener never loses its grip on the can rim
 I think this is the best can opener in the world . Big soft handle , sharp cutter , well made . Lock it on and turn . The handle turns with little or no effort . I 've used mine for several years and it 's still as good as new .
 I have had this can opener for at least a year now and my lock is still intact . However after a year of frequent use I am now finding that the gears that actually latch onto the can are slipping off . Problem because I have to reattach the opener but it still works ! I love the fact that it is ultra comfortable and much better than the one I had before . All I can say about the loch is be gentle it is only plastic .
 I 've had my can opener for at least two years . It works a little stiffer than it used to ; but I sprayed some cooking spray on it , and it limbered back up . The grips are really comfortable , especially if you have a touch of carpal tunnel syndrome like me . This is the finest canopener I 've ever owned .
 These openers are easy to use and works very well . I bought another for my mom . Handle is large , turns easy and does n't cut into your hand .
 This can opener was given as a gift and I 'm hearing great raves about its use ! She is very pleased with the ease of opening cans , and how comfortable it is to hold while in use .
 I have loved this can opener since one of my daughters introduced me to it . It is better than an electric . So easy on elderly hands . I bought one for each of my other girls .
 Easy to use this can opener ! It is sharp , smooth and comfortable to hold . It fits on all sizes of cans . I hope it lasts a long , long time ! -LRB- If it does I will give it the 5th star -RRB-
 This is so comfortable and a fast , easy open for cans . I love it . When you are done opening , your hand feels like it had n't been doing anything at all .
 Very easy to use . Very comfortable . This product is definitely worth the purchase price . Using it this week since i purchased it , I keep thinking that I should have bought this long ago .
 I had this model previously , but gave it to my daughter . Boy , did I miss it ! So happy to have the locking version again . It does a great job of really gripping the can , preventing spills , and opens cleanly . The can opener is easy to clean and is quicker than electric . Love it !
 this is a no muss no fuss can opener that has a lock and works flawlessly . i am very happy with it ...
 I 've had my Oxo Good Grips Locking Can Opener for years , and am just now looking at purchasing a second one . I 've read several reviews that complained about the locking mechanism breaking within the first year , but mine is several years old and is still going strong.My one mini-problem after all of these years is that there must have been some damage to the cutting mechanism because it catches every couple turns ... a hiccup of sorts . I still get a can opened eventually , but I 've been spoiled with an opener that used to work flawlessly . I hope the newer model does n't disappoint me.The locking mechanism makes it easy to store ... it 's a bit bulkier than some other models , but the nice fat turning handle is easy on arthritic hands . I love this opener !
 I 'm at a loss to understand the negative reviews of this product here on Amazon . I 've had one for two or three years now , and I think it 's one of the best kitchen tools I ever bought . It 's lightweight , small enough to store easily , comfortable , easy to use , and I even like the sound it makes when it 's slicing through a can top . And the locking mechanism means I do n't have to keep squeezing while I turn the easily-grasped turning knob.This thing is well-designed and well-constructed . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 Great product . It 's soft and easy on your hands , as well as to use . It works quietly . Locks in place while turning and when you are done you can press the button to unlock the rotating device , without having the can 's contents splatter on you . Great kitchen gadget !
 Okay , so it might sound a little crazy to sound so excited over something so simple as a can opener , but , in my 10 years of marriage , I have never come across one that works nearly as well . I would recommend this product to everyone !
 This can opener is the best I 've owned . Easy on the hands , efficient on the cans .
 Today 's cooking means opening a lot of cans . As an older cook with hands that have `` seen '' a lot , I appreciate the thicker handles that make the task easier . The cutting edge is strong , too . Oxo kitchen tools are the best I have used .
 Sometimes the stress of choosing the perfect gift is just too much . So whether Valentine 's Day is looming / OR / a `` significant '' birthday ... perhaps you should go with Solomon and choose both?For under $ 25 . you can leave the choice to your beloved
 We 've had ours for over two years and it still looks like new . Durable , lightweight , easy to grip -LRB- of course ! -RRB- , smooth operating all the way around the can , and produces a nice clean cut with no jagged edges to cut your finger on -- what more could you ask for ?
 The most comfortable can opener I 've ever used . I 've had mine for more than five years , and it still works great -- no rust , no problems . A friend broke the locking mechanism three years ago -LRB- by pulling the handles open rather than pressing the button -RRB- , but it still works . I have to hold the handles closed , but it still takes considerably less force than holding a regular can opener on the can.I 've bought these for friends , and we could n't be happier with them .
 I do not own an electric can opener . I do n't like the sound , the appearance , the space , and the can-size limitations of the electric openers . I have always used manual can openers and have gone through several of the metal varieties . This opener was purchased as a replacement for a large metal opener . The handles are much more comfortable than the metal can openers and I like the locking feature . I have never had a problem with it and the only reason it did n't get 5-stars is because it is sometimes difficult to get the initial purchase on the rim of the can . You can not casually flip it on the can and lock it down , you must firmly engage the can before locking it . The action is very smooth and there is something different in the design that keeps the gear and cutting surface much cleaner than other designs . If fact , I have never had to clean the metal parts . I ca n't imagine a better handle and drive lever design for people who might experience problems with their hands . In fact , the drive lever is very large and thick , very easy to grip . It is a worthy addition to my kitchen arsenal . Now , if only they made a left-hand version !
 This is probably the best can opener I 've ever had - and I 've tried many . -LRB- Ran a slide of a swabbed electric can opener through a microscope in nursing school , and have been grossed out by electric ones ever since ! -RRB- I 've had it for about a year , and it has held up to frequent use , dishwashing , and children . Very easy to use . I like the lock and the turn mechanism on the side . A good , solid product .
 Excellent , easy to use and easy on the hands !! The locking head means no pressure from your hand when opening cans . . best can opener I ever had - beats electric any day ...
 Super easy to use . Stays on track , easy turns , cuts clean . Close to the best on the market . Well worth the purchase price .
 I got rid of my electric can opener when I bought this one . There is no need for it anymore . This can opener works like a charm and very easy to use . Does not take up any space at all.Love it !!!!!!!!
 This is the greatest can opener ever invented ! I have no need for an electric opener as I only use certain canned items , but the other kinds always caused my hands to cramp or would slide off the can.This opener locks on and works every single try ! It 's fast to work with , too , handy when you need to open 10 cans of tomatoes when making a batch of sauce , etc. I found one years ago when they first came out . It 's had fairly regular use for the last 41/2 years without a problem.If people are breaking them , I can only imagine the kind of force being put on the mechanism , as I 've put mine through a lot and it 's still perfect.I 've had at least 3 friends beg me to let them have it .
 it was the best money I ever spent on an opener . I liked it so much , I went out and bought one for my friend . One other thing , my mother-in-law is a stroke victim , and since she got one of them , she can now open can without help . Thank you Thank you Thank you
 Some of the reviews mention that the plastic is too flimsy to ` bite ' right in to the can . The trick is to start turning as you squeeze the handle together . Works like a charm .
 Great tools for the kitchen . Just love them ! Sharp , easy to use and very comfortable for hands.I leke them ! Thanks , Amazon . I suggest these to everyone that likes kitchen tools that work well .
 This is the best product next to automatic opener . It is effortless to get a can opened and you don ' get any blisters on your thumb and index finger . Love it .
 I 've always had inexpensive can openers and they 're usually in the trash can within a year ; although I have owned this in less than a year , it is absolutely the best one and easiest to use ! Extremely pleased and would recommend this highly.Pat N.Marysville , OhioBOUGHT THIS ITEM THROUGH AMAZON !
 This is by far the best manual can opener that I have ever owned . It grips great , and it cuts through cans like nobody 's business . The locking feature is fantastic and very safe .
 This can opener has been terrific ! It is easy to place on the can and turns very easily . This is so much better than any electric can opener I have owned and I do n't think it can be compared to other manual can openers I have used . I was a bit skeptical about this can opener , but I am glad I made the investment . It was time to get a new can opener and I bought the right one.This is the first manual can opener I have ever liked . I can just put it on the can , squeeze , turn and unlock when the can is open . Other manual can openers I have used seem to need precision when placing them on the can , but not this one . It turns smoothly and without much effort . I like the fact that it locks and I do n't have to keep squeezing . I would recommend this one especially for anyone who needs a can opener that is easy and simple to use .
 I 've had mine for at least 10 years . Its still works like it was brand new . The locking mechanism did break many years ago , still , I would not trade it for another . Bottom line `` It works '' and its quite easy to use -LRB- even broken -RRB- . Purchasing one for my Mom who struggles with all the other openers . I am confident she will have no problem with this one . Thanks OXO for a great product .
 This is a solid can-opener that is very easy to use . The locking mechanism is very nice , too . It is a ` little ' bulky , but it easily stores in a drawer .
 I have gone through many can openers and this one seems to be holding up very well so far ! I like the locking mechanism , it makes can opening easier !
 it was the best money I ever spent on an opener . I liked it so much , I went out and bought one for my friend . One other thing , my mother-in-law is a stroke victim , and since she got one of them , she can now open can without help . Thank you Thank you Thank you
 I 've been using mine for several years now , on every possible can used for food -LRB- from industrial-size cans of fruit , to your average-size tuna cans -RRB- , and it 's always pulled through FLAWLESSLY for me ! I have never had any trouble with the locking device ... maybe the people who have been simply use the wrong technique with it . It 's not a cheaply made product , but anything good can break if used improperly . I do n't work for OXO , and I do n't sell them . . I 'm simply a very satisfied customer .
 The can opener requires far less effort than generic openers . Once the can is punctured , you no longer are required to squeeze the handles because they 've locked themselves in place . This is not only easier , but also safer which is important when theres a sharp , serated edge right next to your hands.My only disappointment was the twist grip . It is sized and shaped nicely , however it is devoid of their hallmark Santoprene soft-touch overmolding .
 This can opener works great ! You just place it on the can , push the button to lock it on and turn the nob . I have carpel tunnel and my old can opener would irritate my hand , but the Oxo Good Gribs Locking Can Opener does n't bother it at all .
 The oxo good grips locking can opener is just amazing . It never walks off the can ... has an easy grip , and the locking mechanism is easy to set and free . I buy these by the dozen to give to friends . Much better than any manual OR electric can opener !
 We used this can opener at my cousin 's house , and ordered one as soon as we got home . My wife uses it , primarily , to open pet food cans for our dogs and cat . We have tried electric and mechanical can openers , none of which worked very well . This one is great . It opens any can we 've tried it on without missing a beat .
 Bought mine in 2006 , after I got tired of can openers that did that twist thing where they dent and mangle but do not fully open the can . That was a great choice . This can opener is still going strong in 2011
 Excellent can opener , you can open any can with ease & it is worth every penny spent !!!
 I found this can opener to be excellent for opening oversized cans , My wife found it to be better than most - but still has diificulty - hand problems
 Listen throw out all the others , this is your final purchase , I used it somewhere and actaully decided i was going to buy it for myself . For the persons who bought and reviewed this procudt badly 10 YEARS ago , would u like to buy and try again . Its still affordable and i really had no doubts buying it seeing that i used it already grips tightly and spins the can as u EASILY turn the knob with minimum effort . GREAT GREAT buy and worth my money
 I have had this can opener for approximately ten years . Next to my sharpest knife , it is my favorite tool in the kitchen . It is the best can opener ever because :1 -RRB- It makes opening cans - any can - effortless . It 's got so much torque that transfers from the oversized turning knob that you do n't have to put alot of effort into turning or twisting . The handle is also nicely contoured to fit right into your hand .2 -RRB- It never , and I mean never , walks off the edge of the can . Once it sinks in , it stays sunk in until you release it .3 -RRB- The locking mechanism is so easy . Just push the handles together and it locks onto the can . Push the little button which is ergonomically located right by your thumb and `` click '' it pops open . Mine 's been working fine for ten years . Not sure what all the broken lock hoopla is all about , really.I was at my inlaw 's house and they still struggle with the crappy `` old school '' opener that hurts your hands , and they have an electric one that is such a hassle to use . I 'm going to buy them this one and turn it into their favorite tool in the kitchen . Trust me , get this if you do n't have it , you 'll see .
 This is the one to get -- the poster of this beautiful , passionate scene ... after their romantic time in the boat and the rain came in ... and all of the others I 've seen do not show Ryan with the beard !! He had the beard at this point in the movie ! Surely , if I noticed this , someone in quality control should have noticed !! An important feature to those of us who fell in love with this story ... I CA N'T WAIT to be able to purchase THIS copy ! Someone let me know if they find another like it that is available out there !!
 Strong suction . It can pick up all the sawdust and needle-shaped sawsplinter on the rough carpet after I sawed a board . It work well from beginning untill before finishing the charge . It keep sucking good for long time . A cordless vac worth the money paid for it .
 My first hand vac , so no comparisons . Great for all those hard to reach little places and/or quick pickups . Sleek design , easy empty , easy store .
 I bought this for my boyfriend who is a Spiderman fan . He loved it ! His only complaint ... not big enough . BUT ... he uses it every day !
 Perfect for hot chocolate in the winter . Could have used a little protection around the mug itself in the packaging since it was just loose in a box with some other items ordered , but it did not get too scratched up .
 Ordered this as a replacement for the shiny one they used to sell at universal . It is not as flashy but was a cost effective replacement . Should make Dad happy on Father 's Day .
 This is a very pretty Baroque style Magic Blind . It makes it very easy to have blinds using a regular curtain rod .
 The magic blinds are the best since sweetbread . They are fast and easy to hang and prevent sun rays on my couch .
 I love my magic blinds . I ordered 2 . They were shipped seperately for this order ... one was broken at the top , but it still works . I opted not to send it back but to keep it anyway.This is my 2nd set of magic blinds and they are just great !!
 This is a terrific product , makes cleaning FUN ! and lasts a long time . I purchased the scrub brush over a year ago . i use it mostly for preparing dishes for the dishwasher , and cleaning counters and tables . Would n't want to be without it .
 If you already own the OXO Good Grips Scrub Brush , you know it 's a great tool for cleaning your dishes . In my experience , the scrubber/sponge tends to wear out after about 3 months of daily use . The rest of the scrubber is very durable , so these refill scrubbers/sponges are a must-have . I recommend using a 50/50 mix of dishwashing soap and water for optimal performance
 I bought my first set of OXO godd grips seafood picks during a visit at the Culinary Institute in Napa , Cal . We serve a Veal `` Osso Bucco '' in our restaurant , and I have been looking for a tool to pick the marrow . This pick works perfectly . ... We are an elegant restaurant and the OXO picks fit right in with both its elegant and sturdy design . Just bought 5 sets on this site , at less than what I paid in California ...
 The steel finish on these picks are not matte -LRB- like in the photos -RRB- but shiny more like chrome . Cosmetically , over time they get scratched up when used to get into the nooks and crannies of hardshell crab . Functionally , though , they work well .
 We had crab tonight , and these seafood picks work really well . The crabs have all the chambers at the connection between leg and body and the picks easily scooped out the meat . These picks are heavy and well made , with a soft grip that comes in handy because our hands tend to get messy from the seafood , so we can get a grip on the picks.I was worried the picks would be dangerous because one end is very sharp and two pronged and I worried that while I scooped with one end I might poke myself with the other , but that did n't happen . The sharp two prong end is perfect for grabbing hard to reach bits of seafood .
 Great product . I 've always loved crab , but cheaped out and did n't buy any tools . We have since gotten the Oxo Picks , and it has made a huge difference as to ease of crab meat retrieval and less banged up hands . We looked at several different models/brands , and are very glad we got the oxo .
 My wife still likes to use a narrow pick for getting meat out of the skinny legs of crabs and lobsters . These will not do that . But , I think they are excellent for scooping the meat out of an opened leg or claw ; and the fork end is perfect for dipping the meat into melted butter .
 These are a good design because they do not slip . The finish is good . The only issue is they are not the most beautiful picks in the world and probably wo n't look good on a fancy table . You should n't have to give up looks for good design .
 OXO products are of great quality . Simply put , OXO products are must haves in your kitchen . Each tool is designed to do a job and does it well , although I think the pointy end should be a little thinner in order to get inside and between certain seafood like crabs .
 OXO is gradually filing in every possible kitchen gadget niche . This is a real crab fork -LRB- forget those stupid cocktail forks , they do n't go up inside crab legs -RRB- . I did n't give them 5 stars because I had an ancient crab fork I bought in Canada while travelling -LRB- right off of the restaurant waiter -RRB- that was just a little more effective . If I had n't lost it I could give a better comparison .
 I have ordered the scissors and the nutcracker . The grips are good , they have spoon and the other end is tined . The grips are sturdy .
 The seafood picks were sturdy and fit really good in the hand . I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 These seafood picks are a must if you eat seafood at all ! We use them often and it makes removing the meat from crab legs much easier . The slim design is very easy to use , but be careful because the pointed ends are very sharp !
 As the title says , you ca n't go wrong with this set . Pricier perhaps than other similar tools but you pay for the relative strength and comfort of the grip as all good Oxo products feature . I 'd recommend this set if you 're in the market for something a notch or two fancier than your standard seafood picks !
 I bought these for my crab-loving hubby and for myself to help get mussles out of their shells . Works well in both respects and they look nice . I like the dual ends -- one spoonish end for scooping and the other sharper end is more like a little fork . Ours are still new , so they look great . If they do dull down a bit , I still think that 's a five star rating -LRB- unless you are using them in your own restaurant , I guess ! -RRB-
 I bought two of these for my nephews and they were the perfect gift for the little nascar fans who have it all !
 The Nascar slumber bag was a birthday gift for my 6 year old grandson . When he opened it up , I was floored that this was not a standard size sleeping bag . If the description mentioned it , I missed it . However , he loved it , and because he is a young child , the size did n't matter . He wo n't use it for long , but he was very happy with it.Another note
 This is a very pretty Baroque style Magic Blind . It makes it very easy to have blinds using a regular curtain rod .
 The magic blinds are the best since sweetbread . They are fast and easy to hang and prevent sun rays on my couch .
 I love my magic blinds . I ordered 2 . They were shipped seperately for this order ... one was broken at the top , but it still works . I opted not to send it back but to keep it anyway.This is my 2nd set of magic blinds and they are just great !!
 Good Quality Built . I did n't have a chance to use this product but based on other reviews i believe it is worth the money .
 If you 're preparing shrimp and hate deveining them , this is the tool to get . Not really `` veins , '' the dark line on the outside of a shrimp is actually its digestive tract - so if you eat it , you 're basically eating shrimp excrement . Put that in your cocktail sauce ! Still , this is a delicate little cord that you do n't want breaking up into pieces , but just yank out quickly and get on to the next shrimp . This tool does just that , and ergonomically fits your hand .
 I am a card-carrying shrimpaholic . Before I found this gadget life for me was different . I would cut corners like skip the deveining -LRB- yuck , I ca n't believe I did that ! -RRB- unless the shrimp or vein was pretty large . Everyone who has ever eaten shrimp knows how tedious shelling is . This little tool is revolutionary . In one small swoop the vein and shell is gone , leaving only the tip of the tail . No kitchen should be without it .
 The Oxo shrip tool allowed me to prepare approxamately 5 pounds of tiger prawns in half the time it would normally take . The comfortable grip allowed me to work quicker and longer , while the thin yet sharp blade made removing shell and deveining a cinch . Bravo to Oxo !!
 I love shrimp but do n't like the pre-peeled , frozen variety.Shrimp shells yield a wonderful broth for seafood dishes.I get my shrimp fresh from ethnic stores.So , the OXO shrimp cleaner really does reduce the 3 stepsin shrimp cleaning to 1.5 . The 0.5 is for the fastidiousin me that wants to get every little bit of the vein -LRB- or digestivetract - yuck -RRB- out . I also remove the vein on the underside.Sigh ! Shrimp cleaning is big work but this little contraptionreally helps .
 I bought 2 of these for a party my friend and I were going to throw . We peeled and deveined 12lbs of shrimp in less time that I thought it would . This gadget takes some getting used too , I mangled the first 3-4 shrimps I tried , but it was smooth sailing after that.I would definitely recommend this product !
 Worked much better than plastic ones I have had previously . I also bet this cleaner wo n't break as the others did . The `` teeth '' really help to grip the shell making it easier to cut through it . Goes in dishwasher .
 This OXO product is easy to use and because of the large soft handle , easy to hold . It seems sturdy enough to me , I do n't really understand why some reviewers think that it 's flimsy.Just hold a de-headed shrimp under a slow drizzle of running cold water insert the tip into the `` vein '' and follow the curve around to the back of the tail . Slip off the shell with legs attached from the bottom and voila ... shelled shrimp .
 I think this is helpful when you master using it ... which can take a bit of time if your used to using a knife . Having always used just a paring knife to cut and de-vein getting the hang of this was a bit of a struggle . I thought , being a bit of a foodie , I `` needed '' this . . Need , is a strong word ... but I do like this now ... The pre-cleaned and easy peel shrimp is much more espensive than just the shrimp in the shells ... this does make it a bit easier.Once I * got * it , I think I am faster than I was . So since it does n't take up much space and is n't expensive I think this was a good purchase.That said ... its a bit like a grapefruit spoon or melon baller in that it can be very nice to have and extreamly convenient to have under the right circumstances ... but as to really needing it . . That is a hard call .
 This deveiner works better than more expensive ones that I have purchased . The handle is very comfortable , however the plastic teeth do tear the shrimp a bit if not very careful . If the teeth were made of very razor sharp metal , it would be perfect .
 For a couple reasons I name this the 2nd best brand of this tool . There is another brand , which I would give a 5th star , but I ca n't seem to find it here on the mainland ... guess I 'll have to go back home to the Caribbean to get another one of those.This is the 2nd one of this particular brand that I have owned . Bought the first one last summer , and it worked great . Then , I made the mistake of leaving it for another cook to use on my days off . Of course , on my next day , I returned to find it broken . I blame my careless co-workers first . However , this tool is made of hard , brittle plastic , and has a grip that is jam-fitted , and these were the points of breakage.The other brand that I speak of hast the same type of design , which has no equal for the job , but it is made of a single piece of molded , semi-flexible plastic.A warning here ; it IS NOT the red plastic one that you will find on Amazon . Those things are useless . The key features to look for are the teeth on the tip and hilt . They grab the vein , and severe the shell in one stroke , and cut the labor time on your shrimp to about 1/3 , as well as being far safer than a knife or metal tool.If you can find the softer plastic one grab it , otherwise , buy this one , and do n't loan it out .
 If you are into cleaning shrimps and wanting to get a restaurant style , then that 's the perfect tool to have .
 I was skeptical when I first bought it ... my wife would n't even believe in it ... Previously , we were reluctant to buy shrimp , because cleaning it with a knife is a hassle and takes a very long time . But , after cleaning a pound of shrimp with it , we are both convinced about the utility of this tool.The Oxo shrimp cleaner takes a little while getting used and then is a breeze . The rubber grip gives a nice non-slip grip and feels pleasant in the hand ... I strongly recommend getting it .
 needless to say my plastic ones -LRB- jumbo and small -RRB- both broke.i thought to never buy another again . the size and grip are excellent.i woul buy it again for friends .
 bought it for my husband , have n't used it yet but he said it is just what he needed .
 I love OXO things anyhow . But this one proves WHY . The fat rubbery handle is easy to hold , does n't slip . The curve and serrations are designed just right . I had to clean several pounds of shrimp . The thought of doing it buy just my fingers was depressing . I checked AMAZON.com for `` shrimp deveiners '' and this -LRB- among other -RRB- tool showed up . Boy , a worthy tool at a very reasonable price !
 I 've never used any other shrimp cleaner beyond a good sharp kitchen knife . With that perspective , this works quite well , though not quite as magically as the ad copy might suggest . Maybe 3X as fast as I can do with the kitchen knife . Easy to hold , easy to clean . The instructions do n't mention removing both veins -LRB- top and bottom -RRB- but the cleaner works quickly enough that you 'll do that too.I did snap the tip when using the tool to open a container . Apparently not every tool in the kitchen doubles as a prybar . For the price , I bought one for a neighbor , can buy another to replace my busted tip , and may just stuff one in a stocking this Christmas .
 This works well for cleaning shrimp , as advertised . I 've cleaned 6-7 lbs of large shrimp so far and this makes it quick and easy . I do n't know why people are so fussy about the construction being plastic - it is far more resilient than a shrimp 's shell and should stand up to quite a bit of use unless you abuse it . A metal blade would probably lead to more mangled shrimp so it 's just fine . I 'm quite satisfied with the item and would have no issues recommending it to anyone .
 Works great and fits in my hand well . I have had it for two weeks and it works faster than my old one
 Well named , the best attribute of the Oxo Good Grips Vegetable brush is its rubber grip , which is oval shaped with a rounded top , and fits near perfectly in the palm of your hand , allowing you to get a rock solid grip , and effectively apply cleaning force . The bristles are short , -LRB- 0.6 inches -RRB- , and of moderate stiffness , so when you scrub , there is some give , but not a lot , and with a palm sized brush , you know exactly where the bristles are . The rubber grip remains easy to hold , even when wet . The brush is a little pricey , but it is very well designed , and feels great in your hand . It does a very good job of cleaning vegetables , and at other general cleaning tasks.Unless the product has been redesigned , the brush pictured does not appear to be current version of the Good Grips Vegetable brush . The brush in the photo looks more circular rather than oval , and rather than having ridges that circle around the edges , the sides of the Good Grips brush are smooth .
 Nice little kitchen brush , about the size of half an apple , but slightly slimmer/oval . Nice feel to it . Bristles are just right soft/stiff , `` tighter '' than above image shows -LRB- not a good depiction of it ... not round -RRB- . Great simplistic design , quality , looks great by the kitchen sink : -RRB-
 This is yet another great Oxo product - I have n't met an oxo gadget I did n't like ... so far ! This scrubber is easy to hold and makes quick work of cleaning potatoes . It definitely takes the dirt off quickly and easily . Highly recommend .
 I was so excited to find this oxo vegetable brush . We had had one before ... and loved it ! I had not been able to find one to replace it when it was no longer usuable . . It is the best vegetable brush that we have ever had
 It 's a great product to clean something like potatoes , carrots and other root vegetables . Not so much for fruits like apples , or soft things like tomatoes etc. .
 This is the best veggie brush I 've evre used . Handle is rubbery and fits into palm of my hand . Have a veggie brush with a handle , but with this you can get right onto the veggie , so easy to use !! Love it !
 I have found this brush handy for more than the kitchen , although if you keep it there , you can keep it busy and it is really handy doing simple chores like scrubbing potatoes .
 If you have to scrub/wash your vegetables , this is a wonderful brush and easy to handle .
 GOOD LITTLE BRUSH FOR THE MONEY . SIMPLE , FUNCTIONAL , ATTRACTIVE -- LIKE MOST OXO PRODUCTS . THIS DOES THE TRICK .
 Comfortable for small hands . It washes up well and does well on veggies . Would buy again .
 I absolutely love using this to clean fruits and vegetables -LRB- and my juicer screen and cheese grater that 's impossible to use a sponge on -RRB- . The bristles are firm , but still soft -LRB- and still stay in tact -RRB- . Would recommend this to anyone looking for a fruit and veggie scrubber !
 I have and have used at least 15 other vegetable brushes . All for the most part were decent . The OXO is a step above most but not perfect . The size is great for a small to medium size hand and adequate for a larger hand . The bristles are firm , great for potatoes , carrots , etc. . I would recommend a second , softer brush for more delicate fruits and vegetables . Combined with a vegetable wash likeFit Fruit & Vegetable Wash , Soaker/Refill Bottle , 32-Ounce Units -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- and you have an excellent 1-2 knockout punch for dirt , pesticides , bacteria , etc. . Once you see the difference in just how clean your fruits and veggies are after you utilize your new secret weapons , you wont go back to hand rubbing , guaranteed !
 Most of OXO products I find to be comfortable to use and this brush is n't any different -- fits perfectly in the palm of your hand and gives enough traction for scrubbing . The bristles are very stiff , I find it hard to use on delicate mushrooms , but great for scrubbing a potato . The clear bristles have discolored a bit over time as we have mineral-rich water , and I find it not so easy to clean -- have to wedge it just right in a dishwasher or try to get soap up into the bristle area . But , it 's been going strong for two years and overall I recommend it .
 Once my family started eating a lot of potatoes and sweet potatoes I found it necessary to purchase a good scrub brush as we like to leave the skin on.This is great , really cleans the potatoes and other root vegetables really well . Easy to clean and easy to use even for someone with XL hands like myself.OXO has yet to disappoint me .
 Great seller , great price , would buy from again . This brush works well on my potatoes and other vegetables that need to be brushed . easy to handle .
 When the brush first arrives in its package it will look way too big . Before I took it out I was actually worried that the reviewer pictured above had gorilla hands and that I would n't be able to use the product because it was too big for me . I was way off . The size and shape are just right for getting a good grip and really scrubbing away .
 Great little veggie brush.Bristles are sturdy enough to do the job , yet soft enough to use on the delicate skin of tomatoes.Like most Oxo products , design is very well thought out . Highly recommend .
 I 've had this little brush several weeks now and have used it a lot . It does a good job on all veggies , potatoes , squash , carrots , etc. . Fits nicely in the palm of my hand . I have seen this little brush sell for a lot more at gourmet stores , so I 'm glad I found it on Amazon .
 large size of brush , makes it very easy to hold while cleaning vegetables . bristles are not too stiff , nor too soft .
 I like this ! Cleans and does not damage skin . We like the skin on vegetables . Very sturdy brush makes cool water cleaning easy .
 Nice handy size . Cleans potatoes with easy . I think the bristles will stay in the brush for a long time . I have had brushes before they fell out on and stick to the potato . Comfortable to use . Very happy with it and the price .
 I have always had mushroom brushes but as I began to include more fresh vegetable in my diet I started looking for a good , all purpose vegetable brush . That was several years ago and since then I 've collected several . The thing that I like about the Oxo is that it is easy to hold onto even though I have large hands.My only complaint is that it is a little soft for giving potatoes that thorough scrub that they need . It works but I prefer a brush with stiffer bristles -LRB- which I have so no big deal -RRB- . I 've owned this for close to a year and it looks like new . I have no doubt that it will hold up well through the years .
 I eat a lot of potatoes . I mean a LOT . We probably go through 10-15 lbs a week . We tried all sorts of different scrubbing devices to clean all of those potatoes , and every single one either did n't clean well , had flattened bristles within a month , or was just hugely uncomfortable and sometimes painful . This made cleaning potatoes the biggest dread in the kitchen . So after I stopped being able to make my husband clean every single potato every time , I started looking for a new , fancy potato scrubber that I would n't bloody my knuckles using . Money was no object -LRB- within reason , I was n't going to justify $ 1000 for a brush -RRB- because this was going to be the most important purchase of the year . I shopped vigorously online , read dozens of reviews , and finally decided on the OXO Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush.We 've had it now for several months . It is very comfortable to hold -LRB- even for people with giant freak hands like me -RRB- , it does a good job of cleaning the potatoes , and best of all not one single bristle has even begun to flatten . I no longer refuse to scrub my potatoes , so I do n't think its stretching to say that this little brush has helped strengthen my relationship . It really is fantastic , and I have nothing bad to say about it . Totally worth the $ 8 , and I highly recommend it to anyone who has to scrub vegetables . Even if it eventually does flatten out on me , its already lasted at least 3x as long as any other brush I 've tried .
 very firm bristles work well for vegetables that are tough enough to handle a good scrub ! not for the tender and delicate mushroom ...
 I have been cooking for a long time . . 45 years in fact . This is the absolute best little kitchen item I own . It is without a doubt the best vegie brush ever . It actually cleans the vegies and does it with little effort.I am planning on getting more to give to my kids and friendss . . they must have one!It is easy to hold -LRB- I do not have big hands -RRB- anddoes what it is meant to.I love it , and you will too .
 Washing veggies or fruits can be a chore at times , especially if you do n't have the right tool or an efficient tool . This brush fits right in the palm of your hand for gently washing veggies and fruits of any particulates such as dirt or sand , and it probably aids in washing residue away from the outer skin of your favorite fruit or veggie . The only thing that caught me off-guard was the posted picture which appears to be a fits around your fingertips , but it 's actually oval-shaped brush that is 3.5 '' in length on the longest end , so it literally fits in the palm of your hand .
 I got this brush to replace my vegetable brush that had a handle and was all plastic . The OXO brush is easy to hold and I have much better control when scrubbing potatoes . The bristles are much finer so that it removes more dirt and grit .
 I always used the long handled vegetable brushes . My arthritis prevents me from scrubing the vegetable very hard , then I ran across this little scrubber from Amazon . I LOVE IT ! It fits my hand perfectly and scrubs the vegetables so clean that I usually leave the peal on for the vitamins . Thanks OXO for a wonderful product!Debra in Texas
 I had just about given up on cooking potatoes with the skin left on because I could n't for the life of me seem to get them clean enough to get rid of that nasty dirt flavor.Ahhhhh . This little brush works wonders . I glad I happened across it and got it . When you are cleaning the tater you can see the difference between an uncleaned spot and a clean spot . The brush is large enough to make even big spuds quick work.I 'm 6 foot tall and have about average to large hands and the brush is just the right size . If your hands are bigger the brush should still be perfect . If you are petite and have really small hands you may want to get a brush with a handle .
 This brush is not your basic veggie brush . It fits nicely in my hands and it 's rubberized grip is fantastic and non slip . The bristles are softer than many I have used , yet stiff enough to clean the biggest potatos and carrots . Sometimes with my other veggie brush my hand would get cramped . Your probably wondering ... `` How many veggies must that guy scrub if his hand gets cramped ? '' Well , I scrub lots of veggies - I am a professional scrubber . Anyway , this brush sure gets those vegetables clean .
 This little gadget makes washing potatoes and other root vegetables a breeze . I would say it cleans better in half the time compared to rubbing veggies under running water . Amazon shipping was prompt as always .
 I use this brush several times weekly to quickly clean carrots , potatoes , radishes and other root vegetables . It works wonderfully , is easy to grip and does not slip , and clean up is a breeze . Great product that fits right in the palm of your hand .
 I am very glad I purchased this brush . It fits nicely in my hand and gets the job done . I purchased a bag of potatoes which turned out to be the dirtiest I have ever seen . This brush gets them clean !
 The Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush does just what it says . It fits in the hand nicely and does a good job cleaning vegetables . I would highly recommend this product .
 I bought it to qualify for a free S&H , and it works great . Easy grip , stiff hair , but soft enough for any type of veggies from tomatoes to potatoes .
 Have not used this as much as I thought I would , but it is well worth the money .
 This brush fits perfect in my hand and does a good job . I still have to try it on vegetables , so far I have cleaned fruits that are covered in wax to `` preserve '' freshness .
 This is the best vegetable brush I have used.The non-slip , flexible `` soft-grip '' body is easy and comfortable to hold and the bristles do a superb job of cleaning potato skins and all other root vegetables , though softer bristles are required for delicate veggies such as mushrooms etc , . A quick hot rinse after each use and an occasional dishwashing keeps it in great shape.Unbeatable at this price .
 I want my garden veggies to take the shortest route possible from garden to stove . This brush helps me make short work of the cleaning part .
 Works well and cleans up well in the dishwasher . Basic item . The whole Oxo good grip thing is probably a whole lot less important on a veggie brush than for some of the other kitchen tools .
 Its hard to get excited over an vegetable cleaner . However this does what it was supposed to and does it well .
 I 've never used a vegetable brush before , but after scrubbing potato skins until my skin started to prune , I figured I 'd try it when it was on sale.Wow ! I did n't realize how well a simple device like this could work ! Scrubs and cleans potato skins perfectly , and about 90 percent faster than scrubbing with your fingers alone.This is just a great little implement , one of those things that makes an annoying chore go so much faster.Highly recommend for `` non brush '' types like myself .
 Works well to scrub potatoes or other hard vegetables . I would n't use it for zucchinis or similar . It 's comfortable in the hand and easy to rinse . Do not put it in the dishwasher -LRB- you compulsive maniacs ! -RRB-
 Purchased it originally to clean vegetables . Happen to use it to remove the silk from corn on the cob . I thought it was the perfect brush to remove the silk . Left it at my daughter 's home when visiting and cooking . Going to get me another one .
 I love this brush!It fits my hand perfectly and comfortably , does n't slip when I 'm scrubbing , does a great job cleaning vegetables , then stores easily in my tilt-out drawer in front of the sink.I had no idea I could get excited about a vegetable brush , but I 'm excited enough to take the time to recommend it to others .
 This is very easy to hold veggie brush . It 's not only comfortable and sturdy , but kind of cute , too !
 I love this scrubbing brush . I bought it for cleaning potatoes , but it works good on other items . I 'm really shocked at how much dirt is on a potato . I never really knew until I scrubbed the dirt off with a brush . It removed all the dirt and never once tore the skin , which is great because I make a lot of potato wedges . The bristles are medium stiff so it will probably be years before the bristles give . I 'm a very happy customer and hope to buy one of them for my mom .
 This little brush fits perfectly in the hand and makes cleaning vegetables very easy . It is handy and does a great job for what it is intended !!
 Works great for stubborn carrot dirt , gentle enough for mushrooms . Oxo , once again , makes a great product .
 This works as advertised . I have n't had bristles fall out or anything wrong with it . There is nothing about it that makes be think it is better then any other brush but I do n't expect a lot out of a brush just to do the job it is intended for .
 These brushes a great . I bought two so my partner could help me clean veggies ! I do a big wash once a week after a trip to the store . I liked this brush so much I just ordered my second .
 This is a good veggie brush . I had a different one and the bristles got all twisted and ruined within a few months . I have had this for a year or more and it is just the same as when I got it . Great grip for my med sized hands . Good buy .
 This little brush fits well in your hand and eliminates strain in the wrist . It 's big enough to do the job yet small enough that it does n't take up too much storage space in the kitchen . Try it .
 Bought several shapes and sizes of this brand of brush , Amazon did transaction . Quick and quality products ... so much better than the cleaning brushes you buy at the department store - almost industrial grade .
 Sturdy product . Still works as well as when I purchased . Good shape and cool texture . Those potatoes never looked cleaner !
 I bought this to use for cleaning dishes and light scrub on pans . It does the job nicely especially with it being round and the best thing of all ... it floats ! No more reaching into the dirty bottom of the dishpan where the ick settles when scrubbing dishes/pans by hand .
 Nice quality and feel . The soft bristles work well with fruits and most veggies , but not for something rougher like carrots .
 Very happy I bought this little brush for getting the wax covering off apples . Also use it on pears and potatoes and carrots . If fruit has gotten soft like ripe peaches , then it 's a little too stiff , but the soft brushes wo n't really work on the hard stuff . So you really do need both .
 Best vegetable brush I 've ever used ! Extremely fast at cleaning potatoes and similarly sized tubers/vegetables . Grip is comfortable .
 By far the best veggie brush ever . The bristles are just the right length and unlike other brushes I 've used before , they do n't flatten out . The shape is ergonomically perfect , at least for me and much easier to use than those with handles . Morever , whether it 's because of the bristles or that I 'm able to grip it really well , potatoes get REALLY clean . I 've even used it on tomatoes -LRB- do n't exert a lot of pressure -RRB- , celery , grapefruit , oranges , turnips , parsnips , and carrots . I 'm even thinking of getting another one to use for pots and pans - to get baked-on goo off . It 's that well made and sturdy . And , it 's dishwasher safe . This is a product that 's both reasonably priced and does exactly what it 's supposed to do . No bells , no whistles , it just works !
 I bought this vegetable brush over a year ago and I really love it ! It works great on bell peppers , potatoes , carrots , beets and other root vegetables . It 's the perfect size and fits right in my palm . Plus it still looks like new ! All it takes is a wash in the dishwasher after every use .
 This is a great brush for use on vegetables . The bristles are stiff enough to scrape off dirt , but not as harsh as to damage . The size is just right and fits in the hand well . The rubber makes it comfortable and easy to grip without fatigue .
 I bought this for $ 3.99 and the shipping on it was free , by itself . It feels secure in your hand and it has done a good job so far . I would not recommend that you use it as a replacement for a peeler , but it definitely deserves your consideration to scrub the dirt and chemicals from the outside layer of vegetables.The circular grip is something that will probably be hit or miss for some people , as would a long handle for other people . I like the ergonomics of this product and I think others would as well .
 This brush works flawlessly and the bristles have a good amount of stiffness to them so that they remove dirt/debris quickly and best of all they rinse cleanly under running water . I do n't know if Oxo changed the design , but the brush Amazon sent me looks nothing like their product picture . Check my photo to see how it really looks . -LRB- New design looks much more comfortable IMHO -RRB-
 Arthritis makes it hard to hold some items.I was able to use this brush to thoroughly clean potatoes . If the plastic part was a little larger , it would have been perfect , but maybe that 's because my hands are larger than most.The brush is easy to use , and easy to clean . The soft bristles get into the cracks in the veggies to clean them without bruising the veggie .
 This is a good solid brush , and works great.Comfortable in your hand , and easy to hold with the rubberized surface.It 's much better that the cheap ones you find in the grocery store.No complaints , and I could n't ask for anything better .
 This brush is easy to use as are most all Good Grips products , and does a nice job of brushing of surface dirt from veggies . For items like potatoes , the bristles get into the little pockets here & there & clean them quite well . I 've purchased another & may yet get several more for Christmas stocking material .
 It 's funny how some little something like a vegetable brush can make your day better . I bought this inexpensive little brush on a whim and I love it . It works very well , especially on potatoes . I even ordered another one for my son . When my mother comes to visit and accidentally throws this one away , I intend to order another .
 I have had many a veggie brushes before but this one does it all . It has nice firm bristles and is easy to handle . I do n't even peel my carrots any longer . All others collapsed within a few uses . This is great !
 Recently I 've been switching out a lot of the stuff in my kitchen with OXO brand versions . Every time I try a new one out it just seems to work . Given there is nothing revolutionary about a vegetable brush but this one just works well . Its got an easy to grip surface , is ergonomic , and easy to clean . In the end thats whats important and OXO delivers on that .
 Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable BrushThis is the best brush I have ever used ! Best part is I can keep the juices off my hands and clean at the same time .
 I have had this brush for more than a year . And yes it still looks new . It work so well on root vegetables . -LRB- Potatoes , carrots , etc -RRB- I have used it to clean celery and wash fruit . The bristles are n't soft but they are not stiff either . Just right for my needs . And the sand and grit , the dirt all of this is gone without peeling . I used to peel all my potatoes , now the new ones are eaten with the skin on and the thicker ones if they are baked well Hey I can eat the skin and not worry about `` cleanliness '' I love the potato skins on my baked potatoes . This little brush added to my gustatory pleasure .
 Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable BrushThe bristles are * more * than firm enough and the brush itself is designed to facilitate ease of use when cleaning fruits or vegetables.If we had one suggestion that would be followed , the brush would be just a little larger.Reviewers who comment on the bristles being too soft must want or need a steel-wool pad instead !
 I love this vegetable brush . The bristles are stiff enough to do a thorough cleaning job . I have arthritis and fibromyalgia and find this tool very easy and comfortable to hold . I highly recommend it !
 The ergonomics are great . It 's rigid , but has a slightly rubberized , uniform grip . The bristles are soft , so it 's good for the softest vegetables , including tomatoes and mushrooms.It 's very easy to clean and is n't harmed by the dishwasher . As of this review updated , I 've had this for about 4 years and run it in the dishwasher every couple of weeks . The bristles are still in tact and it 's holding up !
 I 'm an OXO fan to begin with so that 's why I ordered this little brush . It not only scrubs veggies well , it fits nicely into the palm of the hand . It also has a non-slide surface that helps steady the brush for scrubbing . It takes dark spots off radishes saving the time of using a knife to cut them out .
 This brush is easy to hold as it fits in the palm of your hand and the handle is thick and the bristles are long enough you can curl your fingers around it and still not hit the veggies with long nails . It also cleans up well in the dishwasher so you do n't have to worry about spreading germs .
 I enjoy this vegetable brush . It fits comfortably in my hand , making using it easy .
 Long ago I had a Swedish veg brush that could make veg pristine with a few strokes . This brush does just as well and has the added bonus of a very comfortable handle . Happy to have this cleaning power again .
 This brush has many uses , not only for brushing vegetables . I used it to scrub my wok , after it cooled down of course . Comfortable grip .
 The `` Oxo Good Grips 33781 Flexible Vegetable Brush '' is the best vegetable brush I have been able to so far locate . The reasons I gave it five stars are the brush is easy for me to hold and the bristles do a good job of cleaning potato skins and it is very easy to keep this brush clean by rinsing with very hot water and even placing in the dishwasher -LRB- as long as you use either a covered basket OR ` wedge ' it in the fork-and-utensil basket -RRB- . I give the product five stars but am still hoping to find a brush just a bit larger with even firmer bristles . But I do not regret purchasing this item and do use it consistently which I can not say for other brush-type items ... durable ... that 's the word
 From reading the description , I was thinking this brush was soft and floppy . Luckily , the `` flexible '' part must refer to the bristles , rather than the brush itself.The top of the brush is made with the standard Oxo soft rubber . It is molded to fit easily and naturally in the palm of a hand , and is very easy to hold , even when wet . The bristles are firm enough to get the dirt off mushrooms or potatoes , but not so firm that they damage the skins.It is a very useful little brush , does n't take up much space in a drawer , and is easy to hold and use . Plus , it feels more expensive than it is , which is always nice !
 It was a little smaller with softer bristles than I anticipated , but this is VERY handy for vegetables -LRB- potatoes , carrots , etc. -RRB- and I know I 'll use it often .
 This is the best veggie brush I 've ever owned . It cuts scrubbing time in half , and it 's held up very well -LRB- for 6 months -RRB- .
 Of the many vegetable brushes I 've used over the years , this is the best by far . For years I 've used the brand my mother used , even though it did n't do a very good job of cleaning vegetables and even though it wore out quickly . I accidentally came across this brush while shopping for a friend and figured I had nothing to lose . Am I ever glad I bought it
 Very solid brush . The bristles are stiff , should be no problem scrubbing lots of root vegetables for a long time . The handle is slightly rubbery to make gripping easy . I like this brush a lot.Only one complaint . When I placed one bristle-side down on an `` across the sink '' dish draining rack for several days , one of the rack 's bars pushed some of the bristle groups apart . So , now , the brush has `` bristles akimbo . '' The brush was lying on the rack at a strange angle , but I had not used any force to jam the brush into the bars . So , I was disappointed that the bristles were susceptible to this.EDIT . Over a period of weeks -LRB- or maybe even a couple months -RRB- the bristle problem mentioned above straightened itself out . So , now I have no complaints whatsoever . If I could change the rating to 5-stars , I 'd do it .
 I love it !!! My only con is I have to keep it away from my husband . He likes to clean his fingernails with it . - lol
 Any food with rough skin that needs a brush would benefit from this . Plus it is dish washer safe .
 This is a good vegetable brush that you can use to scrub dirt off of potatoes and many other vegetables . I ca n't get excited about it though because I think it would be a lot better if it were a little bigger.The quality of the brush and the deal are pretty good . Sure it fits into the center of a palm , but I think it 's marketed to make a weakness sound like strength . I 'd like a bigger brush , ideally , with the same quality .
 A well equipped kitchen should have three veggie brushes including a firm bristle brush for old potatoes , and a soft bristle brush for mushrooms . Many of us have small kitchens with limited drawer space and prefer to simplify when possible . There is no all-purpose veggie brush but this one comes close . This small medium bristle brush can easily be held in the fingers to apply heavy pressure on old white potatoes and a very , very light touch for mushrooms . It is perfect for most everything else , including the easy removal of silk from fresh corn . It is a keeper .
 Nice little vegetable brush . It has an effective , non-slip surface and fits solidly in the palm of the hand .
 I use this for veggies , fruit , certain food appliances . Simple , works well , washable , fits in hand well . What more can you say about a scrubber ?
 This is a great little brush . It fits the hand easily , scrubs the vegetables nicely and cleans up well . Going to be throwing a number of these little gems into the stockings next Christmas !
 This is the best vegetable brush I 've ever used ! My old one was really soft and barely got the dirt off of vegetables . The bristles on this one are just right ! Stiff enough to really clean the veggies -LRB- I 've never had cleaner baked potatoes ! -RRB- and soft enough that it does n't tear the skins , even on the thinner-skinned sweet potatoes ! I just love it and it has a place of honor right above my sink , in easy reach ! The size and grip is perfect , too ! Love it!Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush
 For the first time I 'm actually cleaning my vegetables before eating them ! I am concerned about pesticides , so want to do what I can to prevent ingesting them ! This brush fits the hand and is simple to use . Highly recommend it to others !
 I love OXO products . This works as advertised -LRB- would be hard to fail -RRB- . The only notable thing is that I got a different model . It is n't completely round with the low profile , mine is oblong and seems to be about twice as tall as the one in the photo .
 Good quality and it has held together for about 2 months now without coming apart . I use it for scrubbing `` stuff '' rather than for scrubbing vegetables because the bristles are a bit stiffer than expected . Still , I like the price and that amazon prime convenience .
 It works very well for potatoes and most other veggies , but it kind of tears up mushrooms because the bristles are very stiff . The rubber grip is great to prevent slipping so you get better leverage when scrubbing .
 OXO did n't really do anything to reinvent the vegetable brush on this product -- which is odd considering fixing something that is n't quite right about a utensil is their core business . I 've used other vegetable brushes that work equally well and feel equally comfortable in my hand . The one thing that makes this brush nicer than the others I 've used is a more stylish look which lets me leave it out on my countertop by the sink . The bristles also seem stiffer and have n't showed any signs of wearing down like an old toothbrush . That may happen later with more use , but so far , so good!UPDATE
 My wife loves this little brush . Cleans potatoes in a snap . It feels very comfortable in the hand . The bristles have held up very well after several months of frequent use . My only question is why they call it a `` flexible brush '' ? It 's certainly not flexible .
 It scrubs , it has n't fallen apart , it washes up really nice , it is comfortable in your hand to hold ... what else can you ask for ?
 OMG this is GREAT . OXO is the best - high quality ! And because it is dishwasher safe - just fabulous !!!! We use it on potatos and veges . Love it !!!
 This seems to be a quality brush with a nice feel for gripping . It has closely cropped and quite stiff bristles . Hopefully , it will last a long time .
 I like this product . It works well for fruits and veggies . Especially getting that extra dirt off of potatoes . I will buy again when I need it .
 Nice ergonomic handle and soft but sturdy bristles . Takes the grime off root vegetables very easily . I hardly peel carrots anymore after a good cleaning with this brush .
 It 's a good veggie brush . Pretty straight forward . Soft bristles brush dirt off your veggies . Rubber handle does n't slip out of your hand when wet .
 great product , would be again ! Primarily use on fruits and vegetables . The firmness of the bristles are slightly firmer than a typical toothbrush .
 It works as anticipated . Fits in your hand nicely . I like OXO products . They all seem to work well and efficiently .
 The brush is MUCH better quality than I had expected , what a pleasant surprise ! You really ca n't beat the price for a brush this nice . I have purchased brushes in this price range before and they always ended up being just as cheap as they looked ! The bristles would flatten after 1-2 uses , they would slip from your hand , your hand would cramp up because they were awkwardly small , etc. . This brush looks as though it will definitely last for years ! It is larger than I thought it would be which is great ! You can comfortably grip it in your palm and apply the necessary scrubbing pressure without ever having your hand cramp up at all . It is a very solid product too . Just by the feel of it you can tell it will be extremely durable over the years and through many many uses . The bristles are quite coarse so it really will only be great for scrubbing harder vegetables , but , since the the most commonly cleaned vegetables are the tough skinned hard varieties that are grown in the ground you will be able to use it for a huge variety . The no-slip grip handle is wonderful ! I can use this while my hand -LRB- and brush -RRB- are completely submersed in water and it does n't slip a bit , even with vigorous scrubbing . All in all , WONDERFUL PURCHASE ! I would very highly recommend this product to anyone in the market for a vegetable scrub brush !
 a no-brainer . if you buy a lot of veggies like we do , this kind of device is really well-used in the kitchen . our previous brush was not up to the task but after a month , this one still seems like new . does n't get funky , which is important too .
 This is exactly what I 've been searching for the past several years . It is stiff enough to clean dirty old potatoes and small enough to fit into my hand without slipping out . I love everything Oxo !
 It 's so comfortable , and that 's a concern . But also , it really manages to clean vegetables . I can not imagine a better compromise.I maintain a list of stuff to make my orders up to $ 25 , and that 's what prompted this purchase , but I have to say that it 's well worth buying even absent that . I eat a lot of vegetables , and I use this a lot .
 This is the perfect size to hold in the palm of your hand , the material it 's made of does n't slide out of your hand and the bristles are gentle enough for delicate veggies , tough enough to clean fresh from the garden veggies . Good product !
 I love this vegetable brush . It fits perfectly in the palm of your hand and makes it very easy to clean veggies !
 For under $ 4 , every kitchen should have one of these veggie scrubbers ! It fits nicely in the palm of my hand , scrubs vegetables and cleans up easily with a toss into the dishwasher.After several uses , I 've yet to see brush strands come loose - a problem I have had with previous veggie scrubbers . I 've used it on potatoes , yams , cucumbers and celery . The brush bristles are strong enough to clean and soft enough not to scrape the veggie.I have no complaints . I highly recommend this bargain vegetable brush .
 This is a handy , inexpensive little gadget . It is perfect for scrubbing potatoes before baking . I could use one in a larger size . It will work well for people with normal-sized hands .
 I use this every day ; do n't know what I would do with out it ! It fits the hand and the vegetable , goes in the dishwasher basket . Wonderful !
 Perfect size for scrubbing fruits and veggies . Plus , it is dishwasher safe and sturdy !
 I had such a hard time finding a veggie brush in store . A food blog that I follow recommended this one so I ordered it . I am so glad that I did ! It fits comfortably in my hand and the bristles are tough enough to scrub the dirt from my veggies . I would definitely recommend this brush .
 I picked this vegetable brush up primarily for scrubbing potatoes and carrots . Very easy to hold as it fits right in the palm of the hand and the grip is easy to hang onto . Does n't do anything special but it 's just effective for what you 'll purchase it for .
 Had this for a few months now , and have been impressed with OXO 's products that I 've owned . This brush fits comfortably in the palm of your hand with a slightly gritty texture ensuring a good grip . I use it mainly for scrubbing potatoes and can have a large one scrubbed clean in as little as a minute with this . The bristles have started to flatten out in the middle -LRB- mostly from where I scrub the tip of a potato clean -RRB- but the bristles overall are durable enough . They 're not so stiff that they 'll strip the skin from what you 're scrubbing , but not so soft as to not be able to do the job either . This works well for me , though I only need it for casual use . I ca n't say how well it will hold up if you needed one you were expecting to use heavily . I do n't have that kind of demand for it .
 Probably the luckiest dollars i have used to purchase this vegetable brush . It 's worth every penny . Just buy it , you wo n't regret it . I used some other vegetable brushes they are not even worth comparing to OXO quality .
 the oxo good grips flexible vegitable brush is a great buy . i ended up buying another i liked the brush so well . it is easy to hold while washing any vegetable . the brushes get right in and get out the dirt off potatoes as well as any vegitable .
 I bought this to clean potatoes , and I must say it is a great product ! I find it better than the plastic scrubbers you can buy .
 It does n't get any better than this VERY gentle and effective brush for your fruits and veggies . You will never need or want another !
 It 's good enough that I 'm keeping it.It seems durable . The black rubbery grip is very sturdy feeling . I feel like the bristles are tough enough to work for many months.I was expecting it to be more flexible and softer on the grip . For the price , I should n't have expected what I did , but I did because of high reviews here . The bristles are flexible but not the grip . I wanted one that was conforming a little to my hand , so it was more comfortable to use.This is good enough . When I 'm ready to get rid of this one , I hope to find a better one without paying a fortune .
 This gets the job done . I purchased this after reading a review on a cast iron grill pan that I purchased . This works very well to remove on stuck on food from my grill pan and makes cleaning so much easier . The bristels are tough enough to get food off , but has not scratched the non-stick of my grill pan . I would highly recommend this to anyone .
 I received an OXO peeler about 10 years ago , maybe 8 , and have loved it dearly . When my Veggie brush -LRB- also well loved -RRB- disappeared , I ordered a new one online . This one is so much better , a visitor was observing my carrot , and thought I had peeled it , ` nopie , I just scrubbed it ' : - D
 I 'm reviewing this even though I never bought it , for some reason Amazon put it in my items to review . I bought other OXO stuff and it is all good so this probably is too but what do I know . It is a brush , probably brushes stuff , yee-haw !
 I chose this item based on its claims to be good for people with arthritis . And , I must concur . It is very comfortable on the hands .
 My favorite scrub brush ! Great for scrubbing vegetables like potatoes . I have also used it to brush out food from the intendations on Tupperware lids and the like . Much better than a toothbrush ! Also good after a dirty session in the garden to get the grime off my hands and finger nails ! Very , very ergonomic !!!
 This great little vegetable brush is sturdy yet flexible and cleans up great . Fits in my hand perfectly . Delivery was fast as well .
 I 've gone through a lot of vegetable brushes but this one is the best by far . OXO products are wonderful for anyone with arthritis because they fit in your hand naturally and work more efficiently than other brands . You can expend minimal effort by using one of these because you wo n't have to scrub as hard . It does a great job of fitting in the nooks and crannies of whatever veggie you 're cleaning .
 I used this veggie brush for the first time today , and I was truly impressed that I could remove that much dirt from potatoes and still keep the potato skin intact !! It 's awesome !
 I bought this as a potato/vegetable brush , and it works great ! The bristles are fairly stiff , so it may not work well on tender vegies , but it 's perfect for scrubbing potatoes and carrots . The rubber handle is made of a material that does n't slip in your hands when it gets wet . Another good product from OXO !
 I could n't find a vegetable brush anywhere in my zip code , so I ordered this one . It 's much better quality than any other one I 've ever had , and I love that I can toss it in the dishwasher ! I will definitely buy another if this one ever wears out or gets eaten by a dog .
 I have been trying to find a vegetable brush that would not wear out in a few months and I think I have found it with this brush . It is easy to clean and fits my hand perfectly .
 This is a great scrubber brush ! No wood here to get mildew and crack . The whole handle fits nicely in your hand and is rubber -LRB- grippy -RRB- so when it 's wet it does n't get slippery . The bristles are pretty stiff and can scrub off the skin on a potato is you apply too much pressure . I would n't suggest this item if you would be cleaning delicate food items only .
 Wow !! What a Vege brush ! This little brush has a comfortable feel . The bristles conform to the shape of the potato , carrots , mushrooms or whatever vege you are cleaning no matter the shape or size . It really goes to work without damaging the skin . It cleans well and is also very easy to clean . I 'm impressed with this nifty little brush . Worth more than the money spent for it !
 If you 're cooking potatoes without skins , a good handwashing before you peel is all that 's really necessary . I like the skins though so I need to wash my potatoes more thoroughly . This goes for all produce really but potatoes seem to be the dirtiest . I also do n't peel my carrots -LRB- and ca n't understand why anyone does ! -RRB- so I give these a good scrub too.This brush has tough bristles for good scrubbing , but they are n't so rough they hurt the veggie . I mean , i would n't use it on a mushroom -LRB- I have a little brush with baby bristles for those - its great -RRB- but this one is wonderful for certain veggies and I feel confident they are cleaner than when I just hand wash them.I used to use my dish brush -LRB- yeah , the same one I rinse dishes and clean the sink with -RRB- BLEH ! This is a great replacement ! :-RRB- I like the grip on it and the size . Now my only problem is figuring out a way to get my husband to eat the veggies !
 Helps clean vegetables ok . Better than if just rinsing by hand . Nonslip grip is nice since brush is always used with water . May bruise mushrooms , but just go really light on them and they seem to do the job fine .
 This brush is so comfortable in my hand , just the right size , and does a great job on the potatoes ! I replaced an old white rectangular brush and the difference is wonderful . The new brush 's slightly rounded firm back is so much better to hold . The bristles are firm , but flexible enough to get in all the nooks and crannies . Great brush - recommended !
 Okay , I have to admit that , although I needed a new vegetable brush , the main reason I bought this was to go over $ 25 got get free shipping . Well , my old brush was so hard and the bristles were coming off and sticking in my potatoes ! This brush is perfect . It is small , easy to grip , and the bristles are hard enough to clean my potatoes , but not too hard as to damage peels/skins . So far I have mostly used this for cleaning potatoes , but it would work great on carrots and a whole host of root vegetables . The brush cleans up nicely with dish soap and warm water .
 This is a pretty straight forward item . There 's not a whole lot of room for one to distinguish itself from the rest . So the fact that I 'm taking the time to write a review about it should speak to the quality of this product.I guess the first thing I would mention is that it has n't fallen apart . No bristles that I have to pick off my food . This is a common problem I have with most types of brushes . And I 'm not a patient person , and so I am not gentle with vegetable cleaning . That alone would be worth three stars in my mind.However , I also find that it has gotten the balance of bristle stiffness just right . The bristles remove dirt efficiently with very little scrubbing , but they are n't so stiff that they damage the food . Even on vegetables with thin skin the bristles clean without tearing through.The other thing that really pushes this review up for me , is that the brush seems to be very stain resistant . Many vegetables have dyes in them that stain easily . Probably chief among them is beets . That red color gets everywhere and does n't come out of most porous surfaces . I 'm happy to say that after cleaning a dozen beets the bristles nor handle show any signs of discoloration . I like this because it means I can leave the brush on the counter near my sink without it looking ugly and old.Really I 've found no problems with this product and I 'm very satisfied with my purchase . I would recommend it to anyone who needs a solid vegetable brush .
 Sturdy and fits in the palm of your hand . Just place in the top rack of dishwasher and you 're done ! This is not a peeler , it 's only designed to remove the dirt from fruits/vegetable and it does that very well
 I think everyone needs a scrubber for they 're fruits and veggies . I LOVE using this on carrots , it cleans them so well that you do n't have to peel them . It cleans potatoes to the some point , gets rid of all the dirt and extra on the potato and thins out the skin perfectly for mashed potatoes with skins . Love it ! So did my dog , so I will be buying a new one
 I love and trust the OXO brand and am more than happy to pay a bit extra knowing I 'm getting a quality product and this little brush upholds my brand loyalty!The grip fits perfectly and comfortably in the palm of you hand and does n't slip when you 're running it under water to clean the veggies . The bristles are very stiff the first few times you use it -LRB- it actually took the skin off yams the first time -RRB- so I would suggest using it on firmer veggies before using on anything fragile like mushrooms or tomatoes.All in all GREAT product and I 'll for sure stick with OXO brand for future purchases !!
 My wife wanted a good , stiff , vegetable brush.She laughed , and laughed , when she got this in the mail for a Christmas present . She says she could have gotten it at the local grocery store.But she loves it . One of the best stocking stuffers ever . -LRB- My wife is very , very difficult to please when it comes to kitchen gadgets -- actually she 's hard to please in all respects , but that 's a different story -- so , I was relieved to hear her say she loved this brush . -RRB-
 I 've just received this today , March 28 , 2009 , and have already put it to good use cleaning potatoes while preparing to roast them . I find this vegetable brush a LOT easier to hold and use than other vegetable brushes I have used in the past ! It fits easily into my hand and does not slip out while cleaning potatoes under running water . I 've also used this to clean celery and it came out great ! I 'm looking forward to testing this product on other root vegetables such as beets and carrots . I am curious as to how it will stand up to corn on the cob still shrouded in silk and what other vegetables to try this on . As soon as I can test it with corn silk , or any other vegetable , I 'll be updating this review .
 I bought this brush mainly to bring an order total up to enough to get free shipping . After I `` peeled '' some carrots with it , and decided that is was a really neat tool . After a few uses , I have begun to wonder if I even need a veggie peeler.At Christmas , my daughter-in-law was doing some dishes -LRB- lovely girl -RRB- and she picked up my veggie brush and started to clean a griddle . I was concerned that she ruined my brush . But , not only was the brush fine , our Teflon coated Presto electric griddle was stain free .
 This little brush was just the right size to fit in the palm of my hand and the bristles were strong enough to clean a potato but gentle enough to clean fruit .
 We find it perfect for cleaning veggies including potatoes . Love how it fits in the palm of your hand . And without a handle it takes little space for storage .
 I have used this vegetable brush for just over a year , and it still looks brand new . The bristles have not bent or fallen out . It fits into the hand nicely , and is easy to use . The bristles are stiff enough to take care of business , but not so stiff that they rip up the skins on the vegetables . Because the bristles are not harsh , I also use the brush on my hands to clean off ground-in dirt or paint . Best of all , I can pop it into the dishwasher and restore it to germ-free cleanliness . I am very satisfied with this product .
 This is a good little vegetable brush that got caught in holiday mail . I ordered it on December 5th and received it on December 24th .
 This is an easy to use product that gets the job done . Just what I 've been looking for and the price was right .
 Like the way this fits my hand . The bristles on this are nice and sturdy . The brush should last a long time .
 I 'm reviewing this even though I never bought it , for some reason Amazon put it in my items to review . I bought other OXO stuff and it is all good so this probably is too but what do I know . It is a brush , probably brushes stuff , yee-haw !
 This is the best veggie brush I 've owned . It really gets the dirt off of carrots and potatoes . It is very easy on your hands too .
 Cleaning veggies is not my favorite job , but this little brush makes it go quickly and does an efficient job . Thanks OXO and Amazon !
 this thing is worth every penny ! I dont know how people could say they wish the bristles were stiffer ... If the bristles were any stiffer it would scrub off the skin of the vegetables ! it already scrubs off the outter layer on mushrooms as it is ! but it fits my big hands and my fiance 's little hands great ! Love it !
 I love this veggie brush!It works beautifully when cleaning potatoes -LRB- which is all I have used it for so far -RRB- and is worth the $ 4 JUST for that!It is made with great quality materials and seems like it will last a really long time .
 First of all , this is a very good vegetable brush . The bristles are quite stiff but work very well on all the vegetables you are likely to buy . The `` body '' of the brush is not flexible at all ; it 's made of a hard rubber or plastic material . It works very well though , and fits comfortably in my hand , much better than using a brush with a handle . I 'd give it 5 stars except for the fib about being flexible .
 What a brush ! When it got dirty I 'd put it in the dishwasher and it was like new again . Bought it in '08 and I just threw it out as it finally was on it 's last leg -LRB- bristle ? -RRB- . I 'll get another one .
 This little brush is so cool . It sits right near the sink to help me clean veggies . Durable and the perfect grip . I give it a big thumbs up !
 The nicest vegetable brush I 've seen . Fits my hand well . Non slip grip is very good . The bristles seem just the right stiffness for potatos and carrots , and the price is nice . What 's not to like ?
 I bought this little vegetable scrub brush because I was tired of using paper towels to scrub vegetables every time I cooked them.This brush has been great so far . It has strong bristles and is very easy to handle . I trust highly in the Oxo name and have n't been let down by one of their products yet.I highly recommend this product , especially for the price.You ca n't beat it with Amazon Prime .
 Excellent brush -- easy to hold , cleans vegetables and fruits like a champ and is a very reasonable price . Freshly dug carrots , spuds , and beets from my garden clean up in a jiffy with this brush , yet it 's bristles are gentle enough to scrub tomatoes or zucchinis without bruising or tearing the skin . It also speedily scrubs off those pesky prickly nubs on cucumbers . After my outstanding experience with this brush , I have bought several more to give as part of a Oxo kitchen gadget basket for bridal shower gifts . You wo n't be sorry if you purchase this brush to clean your veggies and fruit . -LRB- I also use it to clean up my hands after working in the garden -- it 's gentle , but strong enough to cleans up all the dirt in the nooks and crannies of fingers and hands . -RRB-
 It 's a brush . Its grip is n't terrible comfortable or uncomfortable , but it 's a brush . It 's compact . The bristles are in good shape still .
 Best brush ever . Washes out clean , bristles are firm but not scratchy . Tucks away conveniently . No problem with bristles falling out .
 Very comfortable to use , and the brushes are just firm enough , just soft enough.Even worked well on some thin-skinned veggies . As the name implies , easy to grip , even when wet .
 These brush has nice , firm bristles that are great for brushing just about anything ; fruits , veggies , potatoes , etc. . I love OXO , and I 'm glad they did n't let me down with this one .
 So easy to use . Fits nicely in your palm.I much prefer these of brushes that have a long handle . This gives you much more control to brush fruits and vegetables . Such a simple design , yet so effective .
 I always thought vegetable brushes were created equal . Well , they 're not !! This OXO Good Grips brush is absolutely wonderful !! I have a garden this year so have lots of carrots , beets , potatoes , turnips , etc. that need cleaning . This brush makes a quick , easy , and thorough job of it . Peeling is kept to a minimum because it does such a good job cleaning the vegetables . I highly recommend this product .
 This handy little brush is small and does n't take up a lot of space behind the faucet in my kitchen sink , and its bristles are just the right stiffness to clean most fruit -LRB- I do n't think I 'd use it on a tomato as pictured though -RRB- . I also use it as a nail and hand brush , though it might be too harsh for folks with tender skin on their hands .
 I always look for OXO before purchasing other brushes or kitchen items . This brush is strong enough for a potato but soft enough for a tomato . OXO makes a great product and you ca n't go wrong if you need a cleaning or kitchen product . Amazon usually has free S&H and that 's another plus .
 Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable BrushA truly indispensable piece that every kitchen should have . This more than just a vegetable brush , but it 's intended use is better than others on the market . This brush cleans the soil off of potatoes , carrots , and turnips , beets and radishes , no matter how round , bumpy , or odd the surface , this brush 's flexible body will follow the contours . The nylon bristles are strong and sturdy , dislodging dirt in deep nooks and crannies . The Good Grips line features durable , nonslip flexible handles on every product . better than anything that I 've used.Some of the features are : * Flexible body follows the contours of unevenly shaped vegetables * Great for cleaning carrots and potatoes , beets , broccoli , and more * Ergonomically designed to fit the palm comfortably and softly * Nylon bristles clean thoroughly ; dishwasher safe * Measures 5 by 2-3/4 by 2-1/4 inches ; weighs 2 ouncesErgonomically designed to fit the palm of your hand comfortably and softly , the pressure-absorbing processed rubber handle puts less tension on the hands , while providing an outstanding grip . Made from the same material as dishwasher gaskets are constructed of , the handles are slip-proof , wet or dry , as well as dishwasher-safe . This brush cleans dirt off of sneaker bottoms , sand off of beach furniture , even the nooks and crannies around the BBQ grill , just make sure things are cold and off before cleaning the grill . As the days pass more and more uses seem to crop up for this little in hand cleaning tool . This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite
 As with most OXO products this brush is well made and the bristles are a perfect stiffness for scrubbing potatoes , etc. .
 The brush works great to apply butter to waffle irons , i do n't like to use the spray can stuff . It works best if you melt the butter on the microwave for 10 sec . on high . Its also good for applying a light coat of butter on waffles after their done .
 I love the statue I received in the mail ! It was in perfect condition and the price for such a nice item was another reason I 'm giving a great review ! It 's going to be a Christmas gift to my sister and I know she 's going to positively LOVE it ! I 'll definitely buy products from this seller in the future !
 I just finished my 1/2 bath makeover with some stone-like wallpaper and an ancient Egypt border and needed something to just make it even more over the top . This fit perfectly , and was the right size and the price was good . I also ordered the Egyptian Bastet Cat.It was nicely packed -LRB- from the source , I imagine -RRB- with the staff separate so it would n't break , and it now proudly stands on the tank cover . Not perhaps a great job for a God , but these are tough times for everyone . : - -RRB- Arrived very promptly from Cjicollectibles , within 3 days of the order . I am probably located close enough , and the USPS has Saturday delivery.R
 Love this product and highly recommend it . It is beautifully crafted and high quality . Received it quickly . It was packaged perfectly and I would definitely purchase from this company again .
 Great quality statue . I ordered 2 of them to sit on both sides of my LCD TV . Both were identical and packaged in a Styrofoam box . Also received same week as ordered .
 I 'm a bit of a cooking geek , so I had bought the New Cooks Catalog at Barnes & Nobel . They suggested this knife for clams , and , I had a couple , but , I have clambakes every so often so I can always use an extra . And now I 'm looking at the catalog and realizing the main reason I bought it was I liked the picture . But the truth is , this knife is MUCH better than the other ones I have , no contest . It 's got great grip and is really quick-when you have a bunch of people over and there 's some knife-sharing going on , that 's especially helpful . It 's so easy to use ... well , I do n't want to recommend a baby using it , but I think a baby COULD use it if no one else was around to open the clams . I think that would be a good ad for Oxo ... there 's a baby , and ... no , maybe not .
 Used to watch my father shuck Jersey clams all the time but was always afraid I 'd cut my hands . But with this grip and the kevlar glove -- PRESTO ! Much easier than I ever expected it to be . I can finally have clams on the half-shell in Tennessee :--RRB- Blade is sturdy and sharp , opens clean , no shards or fragments . The Oxo grip was great -LRB- better than my Pop 's old-faithful wooden one -RRB- , and the glove put me at ease .
 ALTHOUGH I LOVE CLAMS I DID NOT GET THIS ITEM TO OPEN CLAMS . I USE IT FOR REPOOTING ORCHIDS . IT IS A GREAT TOOL FOR SEPARATING THE ROOTS AND BARK FROM THE EDGES OF THE POT . THE HANDLE IS A PERFECT FIT FOR MY HAND AND THE BLADE NOT TOO SHARP TO DAMAGE THE ROOT NET WORK . WELL MADE IT WILL LAST A LONG TIME , EASY TO CLEAN SO THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX
 I bought this for my boyfriend who is going to be steamer digging this summer and needs certain tools . I found this and honestly was n't sure if it was what he 'd need/want and if the price was good , well he loved it and said it was a very good price !!
 If you like oysters , then you need one of these . Huge upgrade to my flat head screwdriver methods of the past . I am no pro but I can now open a dozen oysters in a couple minutes with this knife . It used to take me a couple minutes to open one with a screwdriver . This knife makes it so easy . No worries on the durability either . This thing holds up well .
 I only recently learned how to shuck oysters and is something I had never done before.I both read about shucking and also had the guy who sold me some oysters explain how to do it.With a little bit of practice , I got it down , and now can open any oyster in no time at all!What you want to do is the following : - Find the point of the oyster that looks like a V-Keep the oyster with the ` cup ' -LRB- the non flat side -RRB- down so that when you open it , the juice from the oyster wo n't fall out-Initially , you may want to hold the oyster down with a kitchen towel so that it does n't slip -LRB- I initially did this , though after some practice , just hold the oyster with a gloved hand -RRB- - Insert the tip of the blade -LRB- with the very tip facing upwards -RRB- into the V and wiggle it with some force from side to side -LRB- but keeping it flat -RRB- . - After the blade has been inserted 1/4 - 1/3 of an inch , try to pry it open by turning the blade . If you feel some resistance , push through and the oyster will open , but if it does n't give , do n't push through or you will crack the shell , making it opening it so much harder -LRB- I find this is the thing that takes the most practice - knowing when to continue to turn the knife to pry the thing open without cracking the shell ... so you 'll get this with some practice -RRB- - After it has opened , insert the blade in all the way with the tip of the knife along the inside of the top half of the shell and cut all around to cut the muscle that is holding it closed - After you remove the top shell , carefully cut the muscle that is holding the bottom shell to the oyster . Also go all around the oyster with the knife as the bottom tends to stick to the shell , and make sure it is free floating - You 're done ! Add some lemon and tabasco , and voila ! Enjoy!I have to say , I have no experience with other knives , but this knife has worked wonders , it has a comfortable grip , the steel is sturdy enough to get past some strong oysters I have encountered , and the slightly upwards bend of the tip makes it easy to cut away at the muscle on the top of the oyster . All in all , perfect ! Highly recommended .
 Good blade which does n't seem to nick easily . Rubbery handle provides a firm grip . Quite a nice product . I recommend it.OXO Good Grips Oyster Knife
 Good grip - nice point . I am a beginner shucker and this knife performed great . My brother has an OXO straight knife and in my opinion the curve worked much better . I would recommend .
 Great Oyster Shucker . Solid build , non-slip handle , and thick enough blade to open even the hardest ones.Love this product .
 Made quick work of my oysters and left my flesh intact . Very comfortable handle even when covered with oyster grime .
 This OXO oyster knife does a great job . The grip is very comfortable , the blade is pointed to get into the hinge of the oyster , and the tip of the blade is slightly bent for more leverage . This is my favorite oyster knife . I highly recommend it !
 Since we purchased the knife we eat way more oysters :-RRB- It 's a great tool - easy to handle , durable and functional . I 'd recommend it to everyone .
 After reading all the reviews on here , I find it a bit funny that so many amateurs and first time shuckers are having success with this knife while `` 4 star chefs '' and all these other professionals are having such a difficult time with it . Well , I 'm a pro oyster eater but never successfully shucked a single oyster myself until I bought this knife about a year ago . I have no idea what the proper techniques are , all I know is I was finally open oysters up myself with this knife ! I can happily report that my knife is still going strong and I am back here because I 'm about to purchase a few more for my mom 's house . Have n't tried other oyster knives yet -LRB- just been unsuccessful with screwdrivers and butter knives -RRB- but at just 8 bucks a knife , it 's totally worth it ! Btw , I rarely do reviews but I love oysters and this little knife so much I just had to . Happy shucking !
 The curved blade makes opening the shells tremendously easy . Only downside to this is that the handle can get a little slippery when it gets wet . Just keep some towels nearby to dry the handle and you 'll be fine .
 This was my first time using an oyster knife . Following the instructions on the back of the packaging , I was able to pop open the first oyster in less than a minute , and each successive oyster was even faster . The knife slid between the shells easily once I found the right groove . And a side-to-side motion quickly sliced the muscle holding the shells together . The knife never threatened to twist or bend , but then again , using the technique described did not require huge amounts of force .
 opens oysters with a breeze and the grib doesnt hurt your hand . also its made of sturdy materials . i would buy again
 The knife worked exactly as expected , comfortable grip with a sturdy knife ... no problem at all to open oysters.Highly recommend it any one .
 great ergonomic handle the blade is made of good quality steel and does what it is intended to do i would recommend item to my family and freinds
 This knife has successfully shucked 48 oysters on two separate occasions . The beefier grip is nice . It could be a little sharper for dislodging the oyster from the shell after you 've opened it . I do n't think this is the perfect oyster knife , but I do think that it does a very good job and is at the right price point . No issues with washing in the dishwasher .
 This shucker did a great job . My husband loved it and wants more just like it for our next oyster roast .
 First time cooking oysters and the knife was wonderful -- My husband got the knack quickly and was easy to use
 Now that I 've used this knife to shuck several types of oysters -LRB- and clams -RRB- , I 'm ready to review . First , even if you have oysters only once a year , an oyster knife is a must . Use anything else , and unless you are a true expert , you will likely
 These feel great in the hand , are well designed , and are sturdy enough for commercial applications . I highly recommend them
 Before I got this knife , they were using my butter knives to open shells , hence the bent ends . Now I have straight knives again and everyone is happy , munching their oysters .
 Well , i recently starting eating oysters . So after I found that a butter knife just would n't work , i decided to grab this oyster knife by oxo . I must say this thing is sturdy , has a nice grip , and is very efficient for making short work of oysters . The price is also right . you will not be disappointed , it works great .
 Although I really do n't have experience with any other oyster knife to compare this knife with ... I did quite a bit of research here on Amazon comparing other reviews to this knife . Overall I think this knife did an excellent job opening up 100 oysters during a BBQ I had at my house this past summer . I purchased this knife with a pair of cut resistant gloves , and the set worked perfect . The knife did an excellent job of `` biting '' into the butt end of the oyster . But of course some of those darn things fought pretty hard against being opened , so with a little more leverage and pressure , the knife caught perfectly into the groove and got that little sucker open . The knife was comfortable in the hand and the larger grip felt like it was a little easier to apply a bit more torque . Although I probably wo n't use this knife more than once a year ... I am happy with this purchase , and would recommend this to anyone .
 The knife worked very well , the curved tip is great and the grip is an excellent feature as well . I disagree with the reviews saying the steel is weak - I have had no problems with it at all . If you are bending this knife , it is probably `` user error '' !
 This was my first venture at shucking oysters . I chose this one based on the price , reviews and the quality of the other Oxo products that I own . It does an excellent job for me . I have purchased a second one for my grandson to use . It is easy to handle and easy to use and has n't bent even on the most stubborn oyster .
 The first time I shucked oysters myself and this knife was perfect ! Great grip and opened the oyster each and every time with little effort . I recommend it .
 My friend and I got this hoping it would work well , and it works wonderfully !! Even the ` stubborn ' , hard to open oysters were no problem with this . Great tool , and worth every cent .
 This is an excellent knife but not for the amateur . It is designed to open an oyster from the side by sliding it along the side groove along the top and bottom shell . By entering from the side you can cut the abductor muscle and flip the top-shell off . It is not a `` top-popper '' that is designed to open the oyster from the hinge . However , if you sharpen this knife it can be used for hinge-entry by moving the knife with a side-to-side motion while applying pressure , once an incision is made you can then turn your wrist while rocking and pop the hinge . In any case , shucking is an art that you develop over time . I shuck for a living and anyone -LRB- a previous reviewer -RRB- who takes 20 minutes to open 36 oysters is not a professional but is laughable . The bottom line is if you do n't open oysters on a regular basis , and do n't really know how to open an oyster , then get a top popper knife with a thick shaft . But if you know what you are doing or want to learn the slick and easy way to open an oyster , this knife is exceptional and I use it every day .
 i read all the reviews before i bought this knife , some were pretty helpful and some were pretty inaccurate . For one , this knife is not for professionals . I 've only learned how to shuck oysters recently . I only know one technique so far - going straight for the hinge . Just work at the hinge a few runs , and once you feel the hinge giving , slow down and ease back on the force , the gently twist and you 're in . I have n't tried to slide the knife along the side of the oyster , but i suppose that would work too.also , three comments mentioned that this knife is `` wimpy , '' `` garbage , '' and a `` waste of time . '' I do n't really agree with them . I 've purposely tried to bend this knife . the only thing that gave is the `` pop '' of the oyster . It 's fairly sturdy , and for under 10 dollars , i do n't think I can complain.I recommend this knife , whether amateur of not . cheers and enjoy your meals .
 I own a total of three oyster knives and this one is by far the best . The tapering at the tip of this knife is the feature I like the best . Also , unlike some broad bladed knives , the narrow blade is easier to insert into the smaller , and yearling , oysters . The handle is not too thin and even allows a decent grip for my wife 's smaller hands . The guard could be slightly larger but it 's been good enough to save me during the occasional slip .
 After reading many mixed reviews on this knife I was reconsidering whether or not to buy it . Granted ... it is a very inexpensive purchase but why waste money . There is much confusion on what an oyster knife is supposed to do . Remember , it is not a pry bar . It is all about blade placement , not brute force . I have a feeling that many of the negative reviewers do n't know how to properly open an oyster . Lets review :1 . Hold the oyster -LRB- rounded side on the bottom -RRB- in a kitchen towel with one hand and oyster knife -LRB- with the curve in the blade facing up -RRB- in the other . -LRB- you can stabilize it on the counter as well -RRB- 2 . Find where the two halves come together on the hinged end . That is the end opposite to where you would think the oyster would `` open '' up . Sometimes this part can be tricky if the oyster is laden with barnacles . After a few you will be good at finding the `` spot '' .3 . With even pressure drive the point of the knife into hinge/crack and rock it slightly -LRB- if needed -RRB- to sever the hinge . Do not let the whole knife go into the shell . You will know it when it pops .4 . Remove the point and wipe it clean on the towel -LRB- this avoids bits of shell going into the tasty part -RRB- 5 . Place the tip back into the opening and work it in a sweeping motion loosening the meat from the top of the shell . It done right , as you work towards the far end , the top with pop off on its own .6 . Lastly , run the tip under the meat to release it from the bottom shell , leaving the meat and liquid in the convenient `` little bowl '' .7 . Enjoy!I just finished shucking over 100 oysters -LRB- Kumamoto and Miyagi -RRB- with this knife without even a hitch ! My thought is ... buy this knife and learn the technique . You will not be disappointed . It does n't matter what knife you buy if you try and open it wrong ... you will be frustrated.Just a few additional comments . The handle is a good size , even for my large hands . It does n't get slippery when wet . The curved blade is a HUGE plus .
 I was a little wary ordering these knives since this was going to be our first oyster-shucking experience , and the reviews were mixed . However , the knives worked perfectly once we figured out what exactly we were supposed to be doing . The trick is to make sure you have the knife wedged in deep enough -LRB- > 1 cm -RRB- before trying to twist and pry the shells apart . We had six complete beginners shucking happily using these knives . I recommend these knives to anyone , especially since they also seem to be the cheapest ones available with free shipping .
 This oyster knife by Oxo dominates all other knives I have had . I have been shucking for years , and have used everything form pocket knives , steak knives , and even butter knives -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- . Boy was I missing out for years . My wife and I shared a dozen oysters tonight to try it out and I had them open in no time at all . No fussing around , no difficult mistakes . The thing just works.For those people who rated this knife low I have to ask , have you shucked an oyster before ? It 's tough no matter what you use . I 'm just saying that this is the best tool for the job . If you ca n't do it with this you just ca n't do it .
 This spatula -LRB- and it 's slightly larger brother -RRB- replaces my Oxo SteeL spatula for pancakes and eggs . I 'm pretty new in the kitchen so I 'm just learning what works for me and what does n't . The SteeL product line is nice . I do n't have a bad thing to say about them . In particular the SteeL spatula is pretty heavy duty and well built . The problem is the blade is pretty thick which means I bulldoze pancakes and eggs and make a bit of a mess with the SteeL spatula.I ca n't remember how I found this one - ATK maybe ? But after reading the reviews here I purchased it and this morning gave it a try . The blade feels kind of flimsy and is very thin . It bends easily and if you are too rough with it I believe it would permanently crease without much effort . However , for flipping pancakes and eggs it is perfect ! It slides under the pancakes with no bulldozing and after the flip the pancake looks perfect.If I 'm flipping hamburgers I 'll use the SteeL spatula but for delicate breakfast foods like eggs and pancakes the Good Grips Flexible Spatula the right tool for the job.I 'll be copying this post to my review of the larger version as it is essentially the same product with a slightly larger blade -LRB- bigger pancakes ! -RRB- .
 This product is wonderful . You can get any cookie off the cookie sheet without scratching the non-stick surface . It is also useful for removing bits of things left on non-stick pans . It scrapes almost anything off anything without leaving a mark . It is n't a heavy duty spatula and It was n't intended to be used for heavy food or scooping . I love it and have bought several for friends who love it .
 It 's a basic steel spatula , very good for cookies , fish , etc. . I 'm not sure if other peoples ' vary , but , while mine is very flexible , so long as it 's in its concave shape -LRB- if you pop it the wrong way , it 'll be convex and very weak -RRB- , it 's strong enough for anything you should be lifting with it .
 My mother bought this spatula for me 7 years ago , an like the one star-er I thought this thing is hokey , thin and cheap ... . until I got to know it . This spatula is the very best tool in my kitchen along with myFox Run Stainless Steel Magic Whiskreally absolute favorites.I just purchased three of these spatulas because my roommate killed my original.I highly recommend this small wonderful addition to the kitchen
 I absolutely LOVE this spatula . This is perfect for getting under things in the fry pan , like eggs , and flipping them . I also use it when baking bread to go between the pan and the bread and loosen it on the sides and underneath . It is very flexible but yet sturdy enough to flip most things.I am now on my second one of these . I * thought * I only had the first one maybe 2 years . And if that was it - I would still rate it 5 stars . I use this many many times per week and two years worth of work for $ 8 is a bargain . However - when I went into Amazon to buy it again , it told me I had last bought this 7 YEARS ago ! SEVEN ! -LRB- time flies when you love cooking -RRB- . So - Basically I paid a little over $ 1 per year to use this a ton for things only it can do . Tempted to buy 5 more and store them away in case they stop making them 7 years from now .
 this spatula is great for cooking anything in a frying pan . it is very flexible and light and i would recommend it
 I wanted a spatula that was very thin -LRB- it is -RRB- that could get under eggs without ripping them -LRB- it does -RRB- and that did n't bend under the weight -LRB- it does n't -RRB- . Although it is lightweight , it is everything I was looking for and everything CI said it was .
 This thing is great !! It makes flipping eggs so much easier ! It is very thing and super flexible . No more broken eggs from the fat plastic spatula .
 This spatula is the first one I reach for now when I am cooking . Fantastic with eggs and other delicate food . Not sure if I will ever need to use the stiff ones again !
 I just love this fexible spatula . I just bought a new frying pan and decided it was time I learned to cook eggs over easy . Well I tried the expensive flexible one from Sonoma and the eggs broke in the pan . My kitchen-aide spatula could n't do the job either . I just happened to see this spatula in the grocery store and figured I 'd give it a try . Well , lo and behold , it does everything I ever wanted a spatula to do . I can flip eggs like a pro now.Oxo Good Grips Silicone Flexible TurnerMarylynEdited to add , Beware the spatula will bend and can not be fixed . Ours bent in the front making it useless . I would n't buy it . Never mind my first review , do not buy this spatula .
 It 's a great spatula , thin works on everything I have tried it on including fairly heavy stuff . My only worry is how durable it will be because of the two spot welds that hold the handle to spatula .
 This spatula is a great find . Makes cooking eggs , scrambled or fried a sinch . Perfect for hamburgers and even mixing up stir-fry veggies . Easy to clean and even dish washer safe , a really good deal .
 One similar to this but a little longer was in our house when we bought it 15 years ago and my wife has used it continuously . She wanted a backup so I got this . She loves it . Uses for taking anything off her baking sheets . Good product .
 We love this spatula so much , we even take it with us when we travel to rental houses . We have given it to famiy members as a stocking stuffer - we want to share something with them that we enjoy so much .
 I bought this spatula on the nice write-up by America 's test kitchen . I had a few plastic ones that were really getting on my nerves . They would stick to eggs when you tried to turn them over , causing as mess . This new one works great . I 'm glad I bought it .
 This spatula has become a favorite tool in my kitchen . The metal is thin , but has enough curve so that it wo n't flop or bend . It 's great for any fragile food . I 'd buy it again .
 This spatula is thin enough to slide under chocolate chip cookies without disturbing a single chip ! With other spatulas I would end up ripping up the bottoms of the cookies , but not with this one . I highly recommend this spatula .
 My grandma of these thin spatulas and I have been looking for one for 20 years . Thanks to OXO I finally have my own . These are awesome for eggs and pancakes.Thank you OXO you ended my 20 year quest to have my own . I plan on buying more of them to keep in the closet so I will never be without one as long as I live .
 I love this darn spatula . Flexible but sturdy at the same time . Hellz yeah ! I had a great experience with this spatula .
 Love this turner . its awesome for so many different applications in the kitchen . recomend to anyone who like eggs in the morning .
 I came across this item somewhere and have since purchased one for each of my children and my daughter 's mother-in-law . Not good for turning heavier foods , but absolutely the best for cookies or pancakes . I think this is a must-have product !
 This spatula gets under the food more easily than any I 've ever used . It is also easy to clean . Glad we bought it .
 I purchased these because they were priced extremely low and I thought they were silicone type spatulas . I have non stick pans and when I received these I was disappointed because they were metal . They are , however , VERY thin and pliable so , using an old fry pan , I gave them a try . I have been delighted . In six weeks I have zero scratches on my pans and they are so thin . I am thrilled with them .
 The thin , flexible head definitely helps with handling food . A couple of these replaced all of my old plastic spatulas which were half-melted from resting on hot pans and the crevices filled with food I could n't remove .
 It works great on turning eggs . I loved it so much that I got them for gifts , as well as another one for myself . I would truly recommend this item to anyone out there . It is truly a spatula to flip for .
 This simple little product delivers . I use it all the time and it never disappoints.Edit
 I 've had this spatula for at least 5 years , and most of the time it 's fine . Unfortunately , there are some things that I cook in a skillet at temperatures hotter than the blade can deal with - last time I was searing tofu the edge of the turner melted as I slid it under the food and left little curls of black plastic on the beautifully golden brown crust after I flipped it . Oops . Spatula itself is near-fine , though , it just loses a mm of length each time I do this . I think that temperature is just a bit higher than searing temp , meaning that normally things are fine but if I screw up a little bit -LRB- stove dial set at 90 % output instead of 85 % -RRB- then dinner can cascade from almost burning to a plasticy disaster . Thus , I 'm finally getting around to replacing my old spatula , and it wo n't be replaced with an identical one , I 'm getting something else .
 I bought this specifically for eggs and it does a wonderful job . You have to be careful when using it in a non-stick pan since I think it would possibly scratch it . Clean immediately with a brillo pad . I think it would work well to get under anything lightweight like cake but it will bend so it does have limited uses but I knew that when I bought it .
 This is an awsome cooking tool ! It 's now a real asset to have in my kitchen . It 's so versatile , you can use it for a multitude of thing 's . Everyone MUST have it in their kitchen . I 'm buying another one right now !
 I seem to be cursed with sticking cookware , ovens that heat unevenly , and general forgetfulness . Consequently , I end up scraping a lot of stuff off of my cookie sheets , out of my cake pans , etc. . This is the first spatula that really does the job for me . It 's incredibly thin -- you can wedge it under anything -- and also very flexible , so if you have to bend it -LRB- say , to get out a thick-but-sticking lemon bar -RRB- you can do so easily.Interestingly , the handle is n't as fat and oxoesque as many of their other products , but it 's still comfortable.It holds up well in the dishwasher -- I should know , I use it so much it gets washed nearly every load I do.Every kitchen should have one . Maybe two !
 Once I bought my first flexible stainless spatula I literally threw all my other spatulas out . The thin blade makes this a really versatile piece of equipment . I use it for lifting , scraping , scooping and even slicing . The best feature on this particular model is the handle . It 's comfortable AND you can lean the spatula against a hot pan without fear that the handle will get too hot .
 I bought this for my Mom , along with a few other OXO Good Grips baking accesories , for Mother 's Day . When it arrived , I wanted to use it so badly , I had to make myself put it up and keep it for her . She loves it and uses it all the time !!! This has got to be one of the best and ` most essential ' baking tools that 's ever been created . With that wonderful non-slip , easy grip rubber handle and flexible stainless steal spatula blade , this little item is sure to become one of your best friends in the kitchen . It 's so great for sliding under cookies or brownies , especailly for those few who do n't want to quite come off the baking pan , and for turning baked fish or chicken . It 's also great for flipping pancakes or even if your frying veggies , or meat . You 'll find a hundred uses for it ... it 's so cool ! It 's dishwasher safe and the price is just right . If you 're a big baker and enjoy cooking , then you must add this Flexible Spatula to your kitchen repertory , if you already have n't . OXO makes a wonderful whole line of great baking & cooking untensils .
 I tried one of the OXO silicone head spatulas and found that it was somewhat bent , THIS OXO spatula -LRB- 34491 -RRB- is *** PERFECT *** -- extremely thin and flexible head , much thinner than the silicone/plastic ones by OXO -- really a delightful tool . Buy a COUPLE of these things , tools this nice grow legs . A good spatula is a nice tool -- makes your life easier and better .
 This product is wonderful for scrambled eggs and other light and soft items . Trying to use it to lift and flip heavier items is a challenge because the material of the spatula is so thin and flexible . For grilled sandwiches I have to use one of my sturdy plastic spatulas or else spill the contents of my sandwich . If this is going to be your only spatula , I would recommend looking at something else . If you intend it to round out your kitchen utensil collection , then it is great !
 This is the spatula you 've been looking for ! It is very thin and extremely flexible . I just finished using it for a batch of chocolate chip cookies and it is incredible . It easily slips under each and every cookie for easy removable with no broken cookies ! With holiday baking just around the corner , I would highly recommend this spatula for everyone who enjoys baking .
 These are extremely hard to find in the retail world . I bought my first one at a Junior League Holiday Bazaar , the next one at a kitchen shop in Louisiana , then one in Fairhope , Alabama , one in Destin , Florida . Everywhere , it was the last one in stock . We have given them to every family member . The perfect took for fragile crust , tight fits and perfect slices . Get several .
 Would you have just one spoon , one wisk , one measuring spoon ? Probably not . This spatula is just the right one for eggs , as everyone else has already indicated . I see where someone dissed it for cookies . I find just the opposite . It 's the best spatula ever for getting cookies off the baking sheet . It is not to be the sole spatula in the household for sure , but for specific tasks , it is SUPERB !
 . . and much much more . BUT , if you bake cookies a lot , this spatula is a must have ! You can lift cookies off the sheet , right out of the oven * you know , when they 're still in that baked , yet doughy stage * , onto the cooling rack , without them breaking ! This saves so much time and messy cleanup , as I no longer have to use several pans to bake dozens of cookies . It will also gently lift up all kind of delicate foods without breaking them . . such as omelette 's , fish etc. . Buy this , you wo n't be disappointed .
 This is the coolest spatula I have ever seen ! It 's really very flexible and great for picking food up when you are frying bacon or whatever . It slips under the food and makes picking it up simple . Excellent product !
 It is pretty soft for the price and not that many wrinkles like the other people say . It is a good price and a really good duvet cover .
 Quite a well made set consisting of a fitted sheet , duvet cover and two pillow cases . I 'm not giving it a full 5 stars only because it wrinkles horribly , but what would you expect of 100 % cotton ... It 's been washed a few times already , and holds up well .
 I was very pleased when I received my duvet cover this week . The shipping on this product was very quick . I ordered on a Saturday and received it by Friday ! The price for this duvet can not be beat from anywhere -- I 've been looking ! I jumped on this as soon as I saw it and I am not disappointed .
 If you like sheeting style duvet covers this is a steal ! Nice appearance and really well made .
 I read all the reviews on the duvet and sheet set of this brand . Alot of them were complaining that these sheets wrinkle . Yes , they do after all , they are cotton ! But , they are very very nice . I washed them before putting them on my bed . My matress is 17 '' thick and the fitted sheet fits my matress perfectly and it doesnt try to come off . When I took them out of the dryer , I quickly put them on my bed . Everytime I put the fitted sheet -LRB- or the sheet , pillow cases , etc -RRB- on my bed , I sprayed them with a wrinkle releaser and smoothed them out with my hand . Almost all of the wrinkles came out and they smell great ! You can make your own wrinkle releaser-its 1/3 fabric softener and 2/3 water . Put those in a spray bottle and shake it up before using it !
 I love ALL of the Divatex sheet and duvet sets - the price for a king duvet and 2 shams is REALLY GOOD - $ 19.95 - but unlike the `` bonus '' pillow slips that come with some of the Divatex sheet sets - there are no `` bonus '' shams with the duvet!And as far as wrinkles - HELLO - 100 per cent cotton ANYTHING will probably wrinkle .
 Pretty nice . I 'm not overly thrilled , but it is working out well .
 These sheets are an excellent value for the price . I was shocked at the quality when I received them . They have a beautiful sateen striping , which is very subtle , that make them look much , much more expensive than they are -LRB- I have the linen and khaki colors -RRB- . So far I have washed them many times and they continue to get softer and softer and they wrinkle much less . And with the bonus pillow cases you ca n't go wrong !
 I love this comfort cover -- I have it in linen color and it is beautiful . It lends a very nice feel to the room . I rent rooms and everyone is drawn to the room with this cover . If you fold it fast out of the dryer it does n't even need ironing , although ironing would give it that super extra luxury look . I 'm very happy with it .
 Cotton is soft , but does wrinkle after washing . I have seen others that were much more expensive of similar quality . Overall a good value for a low price .
 I change sheets often and these have held up with the weekly washings . I am very satisfied with this duvet set !
 Was skeptical at the time of buying . . but a good product . . very very good for the price
 I love making recipes using quinoa grain , and knew it was necessary to rinse it well before using , as it has a -LRB- natural ? -RRB- toxic coating . But rinsing was a real mess -- the tiny grains slipped through my pasta/rice strainer . And never mind trying a colander ! The only thing that worked was my tiny -LRB- TINY ! -RRB- extra-fine tea strainer , so it would take several part-rinses to do a cup.Quinoa is delicious in recipes and this ancient grain contains more protein than rice or other grains.This new OXO strainer has extra fine mesh -- and strong , wo n't dent . Good Oxo quality . A bit expensive for a strainer , but I know I 'll use it for quinoa and anything else small -- i.e. , rinsing radish seeds before sprouting . One could rinse poppy seeds with this!It 's a generous size -LRB- I think it would hold 3-4 cups quinoa -RRB- . Has a hook on one end so you csn hook it over a pot top edge and hold the rubber handle while you rinse . -LRB- Be sure to keep the pot empty of dirty water ! -RRB- Be sure to clean the strainer after rinsing , so any toxic coating or pesticites do n't build up -LRB- need to read how -- I think in hot soapy water ? -RRB- so the toxic coating rinses off . -LRB- A tip
 I 've been looking for a strainer that I could use to rinse both rice and quinoa and was n't having much luck . This strainer cost more that I thought I 'd have to pay , but it would work for my purpose . I 'm really glad that I spent the money and purchased this strainer . The mesh is fine and the strainer is well made . I 'm so glad I spent the extra money , this one 's a gem .
 It does its job , it has n't come apart , and it shows no signs of rusting or breaking . All I want is a tool that does its job well . This one does exactly that . Its hardest use in my household is straining `` things '' from my beer and mead brewing experiments . That typically means 5 gallons of hot fluid with varying weights of things that must be strained out . No problems .
 It 's amazing what a difference quality tools will make in the kitchen . My old strainers did the job . They ... well , strained . But they were getting rusty and they just felt cheap . These strainers simply feel great . The handle has a good grip to it , the mesh will have you rubbing it a little when nobody 's looking , and it just looks classy . The 6-inch size is a little small for most tasks , but it can be used to fish out pasta from a pot , or strain a small batch . The price is a little steep for what I 'd normally want to pay for a simple tool , but it was worth it .
 This strainer has very fine mesh which is great for washing quinoa , millet , and other very small grains .
 I needed a finer stainer to rinse quinoa in since many of the grains went right through the holes in my regular strainer . This is just perfect for easily rinsing one cup of quinoa -LRB- you would need the larger one if you had more than a cup of something to rinse -RRB- .
 I find that all the items I get for my kitchen form the OXO brand are just perfect . It 's reliable and not expensive and the rubber handles that they always use are awesome , nothing slips and falls out of my hands . This is meant for sauces , to make them smooth and silky but I really use it for just about anything . The 6 '' diameter is large enough to strain potatoes and pasta , I usually do n't cook for an army so if I was feeding more than 2 -3 people I would get the large size as well , but so far this has worked out perfectly . I still want to get a nice colander but when I 'm draining something quickly this is easy to hold with one hand and pot or pan in other over the sink for a quick drain . The rubber handle takes the pressure of the hand and makes any job easier ; I can really hold everything in one hand without bending my wrist in unnatural angles.The mesh basket is very well made and tightly woven , it lets all the liquid through without a problem and I never loose any food since the spaces are very small . After months of use and washing the shape does n't have any dents in it and it 's a cinch to wash , overall I use this anytime I wash fruits or drain pasta , potatoes and any veggies , its great for soaking anything that I want to remove quickly and all at once , like dried mushrooms or beans and so far no rust . Heck , you can even put powder sugar in this or flour for baking and sieve it to perfection . I love buying kitchen tools and gadgets , problems is washing it all and running out of space , but its fun and it makes cooking and eating that much more pleasant . - Kasia S.
 I had reservations about buying sight unseen because it 's a lot more pricy than the basics.Il bought the six inch to save a few bucks.Turns out I wish they made a seven inch . The eight is kinda big the six is slightly small : - -LRB- That said , the build and the amazingly fine mesh -LRB- almost could strain coffee wo a filter ! -RRB- make it worth every penny . IIf you want to save some $ get the 8 inch else you 'll end up like me and buying BOTH.-awr
 I wanted to start cold brewing coffee , and bought this strainer to do large batches . This item is also great for rinsing rice , quinoa , beans , and even small quantities of pasta . Love the versatility .
 This strainer is quite nice . I really like that I can rinse quinoa without the grains slipping through . I 'll report how it holds up next year .
 I have the 3 '' -LRB- OXO Good Grips 3-Inch Mini Strainer -RRB- , 6 '' and 8 '' strainers in this design . The 3 '' is extremely small so personally I would recommend buying only the 6 & 8 '' sizes unless you have something in particular you would use the 3 '' strainer for . Overall these strainers are very sturdy , the handle is solidly fixed to the strainer , and the mesh is very rigid and keeps it 's shape well -LRB- you ca n't poke it and make it deform -RRB- . The holes are very small which allows you to strain almost anything without losing part of what you 're straining . These may be a bit more expensive than your average strainer but the quality makes them worth the extra money and I 'm confident they will hold up for a long long time .
 Wonderful stainless steel strainer . Initially I bought the 6-inch and I was so pleased with it I decided I 'd buy the 8-inch also as the fine mesh is perfect for sifting dry ingredients so I could ditch my old single purpose sifter . Great for scooping pasta out of boiling water.I really like OXO products ... well made , user-friendly , dishwasher safe and they continue to look like new for years .
 Today I Used It For The First Time , I Bought It To Replace My Old Strainer.This One Seems To Have A Better Screen -LRB- A Fine Screen -RRB- This Also Fits My 3 Qt Pot PerfectlySo No Problems , And Looks Nice .
 This is the perfect little strainer for creams and custards . Well made and holds up very well to use over time !
 I purchased this for my wife to replace the one who 's handle snapped off , she loves this and thinks it 's going to last for a very long time .
 Sturdy device , and have used with confidence ever since receipt . Nice bowl drains pasta and the handle holds up well . Pops into dishwasher and cleaned nicely . Was able to toss my rusty standby with confidence !
 I have used this item for cooking , washing , and brewing . It has exceeded my expectations for all three . The mesh is fine enough to filter out most undesirable substances while not getting clogged easily.Thankfully , cleaning could not be easier as it is dishwasher safe . My only concern for the longevity of the item is the handle which I worry may someday break off at the joint .
 Somehow I 've managed to cook for 40 years without owning a strainer , yet now that I have this I find I 'm using it all the time . So much so that I hung it on the tool rack with the other everyday essentials . Great size , well made , sturdy , and even looks nice .
 I bought this product based on the reviews and I am totally pleased ! Many thanks to everyone who wrote a review ! My input
 I 've been using this strainer for a long time now almost daily and highly recommend it . It proven to be sturdy and durable .
 Just what I needed . Sturdy with easy handle to use . Great quality . I have 2 of these .
 I own many Oxo kitchen tools and the 6-inch strainer is another example of the company 's dedication to producing quality products . It is very sturdy with a fine mesh basket and is long enough to prop across the smaller side of my double sink . This is not a large strainer , so if you want a more versatile size , the 8-inch strainer would be a better choice .
 This is perfect for what I was looking for . Looking for a small strainer for certain pastas and fruits . This is made very well and feels like it will last a long time . A little pricey , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 I bought this strainer as one of my 3 for 4 deal here . Love how solid it feels and the double mesh is great . Perfect size for grapes and such .
 This a Heavy Duty strainer and the mesh is quite stiff and the handle is thick and sturdy , which is great for pushing stuff through it . It is large enough to hold a whole can of veggies . Like it a lot !
 This is well made . Sturdy and i 'm sure it will last for a long time .
 I was making jelly for the first time , and bought this -LRB- since the recipe recommended a fine mesh sieve -RRB- . I should have probably bought a much larger one , since it did n't hold very much . I was straining apples and peppers for the jelly , and it worked very well .
 I wanted a strainer that would serve to rinse tiny grains of quinoa.My own strainer would n't work and I could n't find a better one in any local store . This strainer is large enough and filters well enough to do this task .
 I bought this at Whole Foods for $ 22 plus tax , because I needed it right away . It 's cheaper on amazon , but still pricey for a strainer . You may wonder why it costs so much more than other strainers.Well , as one other reviewer pointed out , it actually has a double layer of mesh , making it mush sturdier than other strainers , and able to keep its shape . Nothing out there compares.I used it to sift dry ingredients for baking , but I also intend to use it to make vegetable stock . You will not be disappointed with this strainer !
 I own two of these strainers , and they are used almost daily for a variety of tasks . They are hanging on hooks on my kitchen wall to keep them near at hand , and save on storage space . I started out with one , then realized I wanted a second one because I sometimes prepare Indian dahl and basmati rice . Both the rice and the lentils are washed several times and then soaked before cooking , but usually cooked separately . I like to wash and soak them in the strainers in bowls of water . The strainers are a perfect size for this task . Each one can fit down really well in its own large mixing bowl . After soaking , I can just lift them out , drain , and I 'm ready to cook . As other reviewers have mentioned , it 's great because they are long enough to suspend right over a standard size sink from one side to the other . Handy for draining things.More recently , I have been experimenting with eating a raw food diet . There can be a fair amount of soaking nuts , dates etc involved in the process . So , if anything , my strainers are more in use then ever . The mesh is very fine , so you could sprout seeds in them if you suspend over a bowl , and cover with a damp cloth to keep them from drying out between rinses.I also like the tightness in the area where the screen meets the surrounding metal that holds it in place . In some strainers this is loose , and so a lot of small particles of food stuff can get under the rim and be trapped . Waste of food , and yuck!I have had both strainers for several years . I am by no means delicate with my kitchen stuff , quite the opposite -LRB- not proud of this trait , but it 's true -RRB- . These have been packed and moved a couple of times also . Still in excellent condition.For those who are concerned with cost , I bought each of mine at Bed , Bath & Beyond with a 20 % off coupon . This made them a bit more affordable , and quick if you need one right away . I shop at Whole Foods , but I would never , ever by OXO products there as one reviewer mentioned . Not with B B & B around nearby , where the price is lower even without the 20 % off coupon . Hope this information helps .
 The size of this makes it perfect for what I use it for ; incorporating flour , baking soda , salt , baking powder , etc when baking . It 's large size make it a suitable substitution for a more expensive French tami . Unlike a tami this has the ability to be suspended over a bowl hands free . It 's also handy as a cooling sieve for freshly roasted coffee beans .
 It 's amazing what a difference quality tools will make in the kitchen . My old strainers did the job . They ... well , strained . But they were getting rusty and they just felt cheap . These strainers simply feel great . The handle has a good grip to it , the mesh will have you rubbing it a little when nobody 's looking , and it just looks classy . The 8 '' size is the perfect general-use size . The price is a little steep for what I 'd normally want to pay for a simple tool , but it was worth it .
 After a messy lesson that quinoa was too fine for my finest strainer , I went looking for something that would work . Thanks to awesome Amazon reviewers who specifically stated that quinoa would work with this strainer , I bought - and am glad I did . It works well , and is very sturdy . I posted a few pics to gauge better on size -LRB- I got the 8 '' -RRB- and for those curious , yes - it is dishwasher safe ! -LRB- I have n't tried yet , but that 's what the tag says -RRB- .
 I was looking for a very fine strain mainly to use to strain very small grains such as quinoa which needs to be rinsed before cooking . This strainer is perfect and is also very well constructed .
 It might seem expensive , but the quality is excellent , and I can tell it will last for years and years . The sieve is very fine and holds a lot -- great for my making yogurt cheese and baking needs . Really love this , and the handle is very comfortable , too -LRB- as are most OXO tools -RRB- . The little tip on the opposite side is terrific for supporting it in a bowl , something I consider essential but many sieves do n't have . This was worth every penny !
 I have been strainerless for a few years . I have somehow muddled through , but now that I have this awesome strainer , I do n't see how I made it . Like most OXO products , this has a great grippy handle . The mesh is tight enough to catch even small chunks , and the strainer is large enough so I can balance it across my sink . Love it .
 Excellent product ! Would make a wonderful wedding shower gift . If you have any cooks in your family or friends without this strainer , it would make a wonderful gift ! I 'm 64 and ca n't believe I was willing to pay this much for a strainer , but I 'd definitely do it again !
 This is a very sturdy strainer . I 've used it with both hot and cold items and it works well with both . The mesh is small enough that I was able to use it to wash medium sized grain without losing any . I 've placed it in the dishwasher multiple times and it has n't rusted .
 No surprise - OXO Good Grips strainer is a high quality product . Durable and does its job well .
 We bought this to rinse our quinoa . It 's mesh is fineenough to where the product does not leak through.It is not flimsy and seems to be well made .
 This thing strains it all ! Seriously . I had grounds in my coffee last weekend and instead of what I normally do -LRB- put a filter over my cup and wait -RRB- I grabbed this and boom ! No ants in my coffee !
 I have multiple sizes of strainers in my kitchen because they are so extremely handy to have around . I love OXO products in general , and this one matches their usual standard . It is well made with double weave , that is , two separate layers of mesh to prevent even very small particles from getting through . It is a good size to fit over the top of myVita-Mix blender , and it has a handy hook to keep it from slipping away from hot pots . The handle does n't heat up , which is very important . Finally , in a pinch , it can double as a flour sifter.Highly recommended .
 This is a great strainer . What I really love is the size including the length of it . What 's great is that it fits perfectly across my sink so that I can just set it there and pour into it , rather than having to hold it while pouring -LRB- which would be messy -RRB- . I did n't know how much of a difference this would make before I bought it and I 'm glad that I got lucky in purchasing this item . My sink is a typical size but if you have a very large sink this might not work for you.It 's a solid and well made strainer that does n't feel like it will ever fall apart.Glad I bought it .
 This is my first review I 've ever written , so that alone should speak volumes . And I purchased this in 2010 , and I still love it ! I think everyone needs one of these . I originally was looking for something to use instead of cheesecloth for straining chicken broth or making butter , but I did n't want a huge strainer ! The fine mesh was just what I was looking for and now instead of dealing with greasy , messy , cheesecloth I just throw this little puppy in the dishwasher ! I use it for rinsing small amounts of berries or fruits , for chicken broth , for tea leaves or anything else you want to steep , straining gravy - or all that lovely juice from your crock pot - you name it ! The mesh is so fine . The size is perfect - and I love the little hanger on the end - perfect for balancing on a pot so your hands are free or hanging within easy reach . Do yourself a favor and get one of these !
 I 'm not even sure what prompted me to buy this but I use it all the time so now I 'm wondering how I got along without it . I use it to wash rice and beans or anything else I want to strain the liquid from to make sauces . Under the heading of too much information my garbage disposal recently died and my sink has always been slow draining so I 've been using it to strain out the dredges from soaking pans . It 's disgusting but it helps keep the drain running . Fairly easy clean up .
 As an older user I appreciate the great handles on all the OXO cooking products . The size is perfect for reheating rice by using it as a steamer . I think that I have almost all of the OXO products .
 perfect . It strains quinoa which is a devil to get thru anything else . before I had this I would sorta smush it till the water came out . . this solved the problem and also helped me w/boiling pastina .
 If I had bought this sooner , I would have washed way less quinoa down the drain . This is a great strainer and I am really pleased with this purchase ! It is going to pay for itself very quickly !
 I bought this specifically to strain quinoa and it works perfectly . Will probably use it to strain broth as well . Looks & seems well made , should last a long time .
 Frustrated with trying to wash small grains using my colander lined with cheesecloth , I ordered this mesh strainer . To my delight , this strainer exceeds my expectations!I decided on the 6-inch size because I wanted to be able to scoop up spaetzle from boiling water , or skim the solids and foam that rise to the top of my broth . For these duties , the 6-inch size is perfect . It fits into my 3-quart saucepan with enough room to swirl it around to catch the goodies.It 's pretty deep , too , holding two cups of grain . In fact , if you need exactly two cups of grain , you could simply pour the grain straight into this strainer , up to the bottom of the steel rim . No need for a measuring cup!After washing the strainer , I recommend hanging or standing it upright to dry . At first , I laid it flat on my drying rack , but the mesh did n't want to drain out very quickly . When I stood it up , the mesh drained out immediately . All stainless steel will rust if it 's left wet for long enough , so make sure the mesh is dry before storing it.As for storing this , know that it 's a fairly large strainer , measuring 14 inches long and -LRB- of course -RRB- 6 inches across . I simply lay mine across my colander . Perfect solution for my small kitchen.Cleaning this strainer could be a challenge if it becomes covered in batter or other thick , sticky ingredients -LRB- like cooked pasta . -RRB- Remember to soak items in COLD water before washing and that will help break the protein bonds . I used my potato scrubber to clean this strainer after a messy job . The mesh is so sturdy that it will stand up to real scrubbing!One of my favorite things about this strainer is that it feels balanced when full . It does n't have a tendency to tip over on its side in your hand like some other strainers do . Maybe that is because of the double rod construction , or perhaps it is the flatter handle grip -LRB- not round like the wooden ones . -RRB- Whatever the reason , it is a joy to use.I like this strainer so much I may add the 8-inch version to my collection . Highly recommend !
 The OXO Good Grips 8-Inch Double Rod Strainer is perfect for washing quinoa . No quinoa grains get thru , and the strainer is easy to wash . I can wash 3 cups of quinoa at a time in the 8-Inch strainer .
 I love this strainer . It has everything I want , including : - wide enough span to sit across the sink -LRB- very important in my book ! -RRB- - fine enough mesh to strain something as fine as rice or even seeds from strawberry puree-sturdy construction-large enough to strain pasta for 6 peopleLove love love it .
 I have had this strainer for a long time now and use it a lot . I do like it , but have encountered a couple of problems . I have always noticed that some small things can get stuck under the lip inside the strainer . You just need to make sure you get all the food out . The second that happened more recently is that one half of the handle has broken off the rim . My husband fixed it for me by using JB Weld . It worked for a while then broke in the same spot again . This really hasnt hurt the performance of the strainer but I will ask him to fix it again in the near future . I will keep using this strainer until the other support gives out and then look for a replacement.This really is a nice strainer and the fine mesh works great just like everyone says .
 I have recently started to do alot more baking and also using a deep fryer for cooking turkeys , onion rings , etc. and also frying doughnuts.I am hoping to open a B&B ; next year and need to try out many different receipes to see the cost involved and also the time required to make them . After all , as in any job , time is money . Another important consideration is how well things pass the taste test . Believe me , my friends are loving it . lolIt came to my attention after needing to strain oil and also flour and 10X sugar that I did not have a versitale strainer . I remember my Grandmother had several and used them often but her 's either were to old or `` missing '' . After alot or contemplation over the various strainers available I decided on this oneOXO Good Grips 8-Inch Double Rod Strainer . So far it has actually exceeded my expectations.I have used it to strain the oil from the deep fryer and also to sift flour and also confectionary sugar ontoEbelskivers
 This strainer is pretty small . I bought this to replace my large strainer that 's many years old . The pictures of this one make it seem bigger than it is . First of all it 's pretty shallow , it maybe holds 2 pounds of hamburger to be strained , but likely it would tip on its own -LRB- if you had it resting on the sink like I do . -RRB- I would n't use this for pasta as it would overflow easily . It does have a great handle , and the opposing loop helps it sit in a sink . But I was hoping for something larger . Our old strainer easily holds double what this one does and had two prongs on the other side so that it would n't tip when rested on a bowl or the sink .
 I have owned any number of strainers over the years , but never one like this . It is thoughtfully designed and made of quality materials . I am looking forward to many years of service from this strainer .
 Bought both the 6 '' and 8 '' Oxo sieves . Useful every day for cooking tasks ; for boiling little bits of things to go along what 's in the pot , or for straining what comes out of it . Great size and sturdy construction . -LRB- Although I think they are too expensive . After all , they are only strainers to remove water from food . -RRB-
 Like all OXO products , this strainer is great . Quality is great , washes well ... great deal .
 This is a fine mesh strainer which I use all the time for removing pulp from freshly squeezed juice . It fits perfectly over my 4 cup Pyrex measuring cup , making it really easy to use . Comfortable handle . Easy to clean .
 Very well made and durable strainer . Cleans up nicely . Would like the mesh to be a little tighter . Things like separated butter solids strain through with the clarified butter , but nothing that lining the strainer with a few layers of cheesecloth ca n't solve . Worth the money .
 great item why should I be required to say more than I feel is needed to say what I said ?
 Another excellent kitchen utensil from OXO , this strainer is great in many ways . In additional to use when sifting , it is useful as a colander . Sturdy , good quality finish . I expect many years of use from this utensil .
 She loves it . Says it 's the best one she 's ever seen or used in her 84 years of life . Perfect size for straining all kinds of things . Lightweight , but sturdy .
 As always , OXO is high quality . It fits perfect balancing in my sink and is used constantly for everything . It washes clean so easy .
 I 'm an OXO girl so I have never had a problem with any product or item I have purchased . Love my oxo 's !
 oxo 8 inch double strainer.this strainer is well built and well priced . the product meets all our needs for kitchen use .
 I love this strainer because
 This is a nice size to take care of just about every need I would use it for in my cooking . I 'm glad I chose this one versus a smaller one since I usually cook larger batches of items for storing later . Ca n't wait to use it to make homemade ice creams !
 This is a great strainer . When I wrapped it up for my fianc&eacute; and put it under the tree he knew what it was immediately . He was excited to get it and I love when he cooks for me so WIN WIN ! the quality of this product is good . Buy it , or regret it .
 I have antother prouduct by this company as well . It is easy to take a strainer for granted until you have a bad one.This one is sturdy and one of th egood ones . It has held up in the dishwasher just fine .
 If you need a Strainer you ca n't go wrong with this one . It 's verysturdy and has an excellent rubber handle for easy gripping .
 I received a two/for/one and received a slightly smaller strainer which I gave away as a gift to my mom . We both love them . Well constructed and they do the job they are intended to do . OXO rocks !
 This is an excellent , sturdy strainer with generous capacity . I actually own two of them . Pops in the dishwasher to clean . The handle is of a good size . If you have a hanging rack -LRB- I do n't -RRB- , you 'll probably like the clip at the top .
 I ca n't believe I had to order this online . This is the best strainer ever . It is the perfect size . Bed Bath and Beyond does not sell this size . The handles are very comfortable and it is so easy to clean compared with other strainers .
 Sturdily made . The mesh does not deform and has a very narrow gauge . So far , it cleans easily . A good size for most common kitchen tasks , although you may want to go for a bigger strainer if you regularly cook for large numbers of people.Does its job well . Can you ask for anything more ?
 This is an absolutely perfect size . It is not so big that you wo n't find a place to store it , but large enough to hold a bunch of angel hair pasta that would slip right out of the little holes in a traditional colander . It also fits over the sink so that I can pour the pasta -LRB- or whatever I 'm draining -RRB- right into it , water and all , and have the water drain into the sink.It does n't say in the description , but this is a double weave strainer . In other words , there are two layers of thin metal mesh to ensure even the smallest seeds and particles are caught in the net.It has a traditional soft black rubber Oxo handle , too . This is important when using it over the sink as it keeps it from slipping around when the water hits it.Nice !
 A passionate home cook that has been honing her cooking skills for the last 25 years , concentrating on Italian food for the last 10 years , writes this review . My favorite cookbooks are `` The Professional Chef '' by the Culinary Institute and `` Culinary Artistry . Cooking is my form of therapy . I purchased this product when I began using citrus juice in many of my meals . This product is very useful and has many more applications than just straining juice.Pros :1 . Excellent for straining citrus juice to keep the seeds out of your foods2 . Fits well over the top of a blender jar3 . Hooks easily to the side of pans to keep if from slipping4 . Great for straining spent vegetables from sauces5 . Excellent for removing small pasta from boiling water6 . Handle stays cool so that you do n't need a potholder7 . Nice flour sifter8 . Makes a nice yogurt strainer for making a healthy non-fat yogurt cheese -LRB- line the inside with a paper towel or a couple of layers of cheese cloth -RRB- Cons :1 . Cleaning is a little tedious -LRB- I find it works best if you soak it in another vessel that is filled with hot soapy water and use a brush to remove the residual `` gunk '' -RRB- Overall , the concept is good and the product is useful and well made . I recommend this product to anyone that loves to cook .
 I am a foodie and as such , I own quite a few strainers . This is the first Good Grips strainer I 've purchased and although I love almost everything Oxo makes , I was still surprised at the size , quality and fineness of the mesh on this one.Do your math , this is a HUGE strainer compared to most hand-held strainers , but the mesh is quite fine and yet sturdy at the same time.It 's without a doubt the best strainer I 've purchased anywhere . I hung it on a hook because it 's too big for my various utensil crocks , but I find myself reaching for it even for pasta , for which I 'd normally use a colander.Considering the 4 for 3 deal going on right now , it was a superb value , as well.I intend to buy the smaller versions , as well , to replace my older strainers.Oxo seems to make their products better and better all the time . I have yet to get a ` dud ' from the Good Grips collection .
 I originally bought this strainer to make baby food for my son , but I use it all the time for things that are smaller and do n't necessitate a large colander . It is very sturdy and fits across one side of my double sink , leaving my hands free . It cleans in the dishwasher . Good product at a reasonable price .
 This strainer has a very fine mesh , as was noted by another reviewer , so I decided to try it . I was SO pleased to fine a utensil with a fine enough mesh to be able to wash and rinse quinoa , since it 's a very tiny granular grain that slips through most other strainer screens . Previous to buying the Oxo strainer , I had resorted to lining my other mesh strainer with coffee filters , which worked , but was a real pain to get the grain off the filter . The mesh on this one also seems to be stiffer than some other models of strainers . I have had to discard several other strainers of a similar type , that have had the screen crumple and pull away from the framework , over the years . I am very happy with this item .
 The mesh is double which makes it very strong and the handle is comfortable and strong ... It is great for small items that might go through the holes of another strainer . This is the best mesh strainer I have . It is small in size . I love it for tiny pasta , crushed pineapple , etc. .
 Over the years , I 've come to expect good things from OXO and they did n't let me down with this item . I enjoy using this when I do n't quite need a colander but need something larger than a typical strainer . This is made with quality , durable material that will last .
 Finding the right items to start the perfect kitchen for two is so easy thanks to OXO . I love their good grips products . All the handles look great , but are also very comfortable and practical . This strainer fits in well to a kitchen for feeding 2 or 3 people . You can use this double rod strainer not only for straining , but also for sifting flour , draining , and if need be - awkwardly steaming veggies over boiling water.It seems most people might go for the 8 '' instead , but this one works perfectly for making gnocchi from scratch . You have to make few enough in each batch that they can all rise to the top at once . Then you scoop them all up with the strainer -LRB- the bigger strainer may be hard to fit in many pots -RRB- . Drain the gnocchi and place on a paper towel . Since you can do all this with one hand , you can use your other hand to grab more gnocchi to start a-boilin ' quick as can be.Whatever you use it for , this is a high quality strainer that will last .
 I went to a big chain store that sold several varieties of look-alike strainers . I tested them all by pushing down firmly on the mesh , approximating the amount of pressure I would use if I was trying to get the last juices out of meats and veggies from a homemade stock . The OXO was the only one that held together . On every other strainer , the screen came off the rim.I 've been using this strainer regularly for a year . I am quite impressed by it . It is still in perfect shape . There is no rust nor discoloration . The wire mesh is still perfectly intact , smooth and round -LRB- unlike other strainers I 've owned that are riddled with dimples -RRB- . The handle has not bent one bit . The mesh has also been fine enough for all of my needs , without having to also use a cheesecloth as I did with other strainers .
 I was looking for a strainer that would keep quinoa from falling through . This one is perfect . Other reviewers said it was good for quinoa.That was a deciding factor for me . So thanks to the people who thought to mention it . This strainer is well made and seems sturdy . I 'm very pleased .
 I haved used it twice . I also have the six since version . Both are very good strainers . Very are ridged . The mesh is good enough to sift cake flower . They have a good feel to them .
 This strainer looks nice and has a solid feel . I expect it to last a very long time . If you 're looking for an ordinary hand-held strainer , this is a fine choice . Perhaps it would be nice if the handle were lighter so that the mesh could sit on a pot without having to be held in place ; you 'll need a separate strainer to do that . But for most purposes , this is excellent .
 This is the perfect size strainer with a good grip and very high quality stainless steel mesh . I 've used it constantly since purchasing it . The length of the handle is perfect for spanning my small kitchen sink , so I can let things drain after rinsing them . It 's large enough to hold several cans of beans , or chopped tomatoes for draining.Great product .
 This strainer is perfect for small jobs around the kitchen -LRB- I use it for draining freshly squeezed lemon juice . While it seemed a bit pricey , it 's strong construction and reinforced edges make it the perfect kitchen tool !
 Another well thought out product from OXO . I was looking for something that made washing quinoa less tedious . I bought this particular strainer because another reviewer was pleased with its preformance . I am too . It was not that hard to clean by hand , and it takes up little space in the cabinet .
 I purchased the strainer to clean quinoa and it works really well ! :-RRB- The 8 '' diameter is perfect . For those who likes to cook any type of grain or single serve pasta , this is a must have in your kitchen drawer . The double rod handle is very sturdy .
 The 6 inch strainer is perfect for the cooking we do for a party of two ! I use it daily to rinse quinoa or steel cut oats ; it works great for both . I have other strainers for berries , pasta , etc. but I now prefer using this one because of the handle . I have to scrub pretty well to get it clean , but as long as I do n't let anything dry on it , it 's not a problem to wash . I definitely recommend this product !
 I use it mostly for straining stock , and it 's big enough to handle large quantities of liquid at a time . The mesh is fine enough to catch even the smallest particles .
 It seems silly to wax poetic about a strainer , but this is our favorite kitchen toy ! It 's well made and so practical . My husband and I use it for every meal . I do n't know how we managed in the kitchen for all these years without it ; it is so much more useful than a plastic colander with big holes . Nothing falls through this ! Highly recommended .
 The mesh on this strainer really sets it apart from other , cheaper versions . It does n't indent or bend out of shape like others do . The handle has a nice grip , and the hook on the opposite end is great for leaving something straining over a bowl.The best feature is how well it cleans . Sauces , fruits , vegetables , soft cheeses , flour , and everything else I 've thrown at it do not get stuck in the mesh , and it looks as good as new . Ask a cheaply made strainer to do those things , and some bits get stuck . You ca n't go wrong with this one !
 A friend of ours had a pair of these seafood crackers . Its design is perfect to getting to that delectable meat in lobster claws . My husband and I had looked for them in local stores but to no avail . We 've bought a countless number of other crackers that do not remotely compare to the ease and durability of these.I finally received my very own pair from my sister for my birthday.Here are a few details.The non-slippery handles are ideal when your hands get all greasy from melted butter.The width of the teeth allow a nice break in the lobster shell without having to resort to physical manhandling.The heaviness of the cracker helps the jaws close when you get an oversized piece.The hinge allows for natural opening and closing of the breaker as compared to the built-in spring of other crackers.Last , but not least , these crackers can withstand being put in the dishwasher without rusting or cracking.They are a great buy for any seafood lover !
 I have tried many nut crackers . this is the only one I have found -LRB- except Channel lock pliers from my tool box -RRB- that actually work on difficult nuts . Excellent quality and appearence . A bargin at the price .
 These OXO Good Grips Seafood and Nut Crackers work pretty well for the task at hand . They have a good heft to them , are sleek polished stainless steel with rubber inserts , and appear to be assembled with high quality in mind . The heft , notably , is advantageous for dispatching fellow diners or dinner guests who attempt to take more than their share of the crab legs . I find a quick `` whap '' upside the noggin reminds them that `` there are other people . '' Similarly , should your crab bake be set upon by agents of a foreign government , these crackers would make a handy boomerang at some range . Closer up , one might be able to use the `` Nut Cracker '' option to incapacitate the interloping ne'er - do-well . All in all , good crackers !
 This coffeemaker is everything it says it is - I absolutely love it ! For a remanufactured product it sure looked brand new to me when I opened it . I 've had it for about a month with no problems . The carafe has kept my coffee hot for 4-5 hours with no stale taste and it pours from the lip without dripping down the side too ! I saw another one with a coffee stained lid and decided I did n't like that look so , as soon as my coffee is done brewing I wipe the lid off and so far it still looks new . I definitely recommend it !
 I am in love with my coffee maker ! This pot is awesome ! I never have to worry if I turned it off when I leave and the coffee just taste better with this coffee maker !
 I 've had this coffee maker now for about a week . It looks and works like brand new . Like the other reviews said , it keeps the coffee hot for many hours , and the coffee tastes great . I thought for $ 30 and free shipping , it was a great deal , so I ordered another one for a gift . Sorry to hear that E. Leitko from Texas had a problem with their 's . Sams Club has the same coffee maker , only a newer model , for $ 69 , and it comes with a three year warranty , instead of the ninety day warranty you get with the remanufactured one from Amazon . Costs a little more , but with the longer warranty , I think it 's a good alternative .
 We are so happy with this coffeemaker ! We are thrilled to find it at such a discounted price . I do n't know what was `` remanufactured '' , but it certainly does n't affect the performance of this coffeemaker at all . It came to us brand new in the Cuisinart box . It is amazing how long it keeps the coffee fresh and hot - we 've had hot coffee even 12 hours later , especially if we run hot tap water through the carafe before brewing -LRB- to sort of preheat it -RRB- . We would recommend this for sure and will be buying another one or more as gifts for our family .
 I love this coffee-maker . I warm up the pot with some boiling water first , and then it makes hot , delicious coffee that stays that way for hours . So far it 's been reliable and hassle-free . I also love that it 's refurbished , so this coffee-maker has been saved -LRB- I 'm guessing -RRB- from the landfill .
 It keeps the coffee hot for hours and no bad flavor from over heating
 The Cuisinart DTC-975 Thermal Coffeemaker makes very good coffee . It is quite hot and stays hot for a long time in the carafe .
 Converted this into a mash tun to use in the brewing of beer . It 's been used to hold boiling or hot water and has held up well . Slight warping from the heat but not very much . I find it loses around 3-5 degrees F for a one hour mash . It 's a little on the small side but big enough .
 I purchased three Rubbermaid 5 gallon water coolers for use with our running group . We use them every weekend and haul them all over the place filled with water and/or sports drink . My only complaint is the lids will leak even if they are screwed down correctly and tight if they fall over . If you do n't put the lids on right , they will also leak while hauling them about as the liquid splashes inside the container . The lids sometimes take a time or two to screw on correctly as the threads do n't always line up correctly the first time . Insulation is ok , about what you 'd expect from a cooler like this . All in all , very pleased with the product as it has held up well over the last year of being hauled all over the place . One last thought , make sure you unscrew the lid slightly when you 're ready to use as it will sometimes create a vacuum which will keep the spigot from flowing .
 We use these water coolers to provide water areas on the outside fields . They 're easy to clean , and are sturdy enough to handle tons of day camp kids and staff . I 've bought these for years , and will continue to do so if one breaks -LRB- Usually caused by someone knocking off the dispenser in front -RRB- .
 Ugly orange - but extremely functional.Had to replace one -LRB- its spout broke due to too much traveling - we ` repretty hard on them -RRB- - I did n't even look at another brand .
 Sturdy enough . Top is easy to remove . I have seen no leaking issues so far , whatsoever , and it gets some pretty harsh use . The handles are on there good as well .
 We got two of these for our annual 4th of July party and they 're great . The full-width lid makes them very easy to clean ; our old Coleman five gallon works well , but sticking my hand a foot and a half in through the four inch hole to scrub it out while trying to see what I 'm doing is work for a contortionist . They 're extremely well insulated - my wife made a gallon of lemonade ice cubes to chill the three gallons of lemonade in one container , and they were only about half melted thirty hours later despite of the eighty-plus degree heat . I 've seen them a little cheaper at a local chain store , but it was worth the extra three bucks to not be advertising that store in five inch letters on the front of each jug . For the quality , the value and the ease of use , I highly recommend these containers .
 Very durable construction . Just like I remember as a kid at soccer games this cooler will be for my kids to drink out of at their soccer games . The spout is so easy to operate my 5 year old can use it . Will probably buy some more of these for camping .
 This is a very big water cooler that is handy to have around for gatherings and outdoor events . I fill it with ice tea for BBQ 's in my backyard and have gotten a lot of good use out of it . Build quality is excellent and construction is sturdy . A grown adult can even sit on this with no problem . It 's a nice , attractive bright orange color that 's fun to look at and easy to spot . The side has a cup holder , but I never use it as it 's clumsy to keep attached.The spigot is easy to push and automatically shuts off when its released . It enables one-handed operation
 This item is rugged , excellent for construction worker , I 'M a landscaper and it does the job perfectly , keeps the water cool and works just fine + + + the price was the best RECOMMENDED !!!
 First trip , I filled 2/3 of this cooler with ice then lay it on its side on a roof rack . A day later , I got it off the top of the car and although some ice had melted , I was amazed that nothing leaked from the lid . Filled the cooler up with water at that point and 2 days later , still had a little bit of ice.Second trip , filled about 1/3 with ice and water to about 3/4 full . Next day , most of the ice was gone even though outside temps were about the same as trip # 1 . So now I know not to skimp on ice -LRB- I already do n't like drinking water so if I have to it better be ice cold -RRB- but I 'm impressed the lid holds so securely . The spout is easy to operate with one hand and our 5-year old has no problems with it . Handles feel sturdy and are comfortable enough to carry a full jug with just one .
 Great smasher ! does the job , cute , sturdy and well made.I have not problem using it and looks nice ! no complain at all !
 Like most OXO products that I have used it seems to be fairly well made . Good leverage . Mashes , does not squish.Would buy again
 This is a fantastic kitchen tool for mashing vegetables . While we primarily use it to make mash potatoes we also use this to help mash avocados when making guacamole!The masher works great and is very comfortable to use for long periods of time which really helps when making a lot of mashed potatoes . The masher is well constructed and feels like it will last a long time . For the price I do n't think you will find a better masher out there.We have washed it in the dishwasher many times already and it has come out clean and in perfect condition each time .
 TRYING TO MASH TOMATO , POTATOES AND BEANS ARE HARD WITH A SPOON NOW THAT WE HAVE THE POTATO MASHER JUST MOVING RIGHT ALONG . LOVE IT
 I was able to mash 7 large potatoes into creamy perfection within 10 seconds . I 've never been able to do that before . Better than even a food processor.The handle is shorter than most mashers , allowing superior leverage . Plus , the size and design of the mashing head allows the potatoes to freely squish through the masher , making it easier and not allowing overmashing . The potatoes are mashed perfectly .
 Thank goodness for a good heavy duty masher that does n't bend or mash properly . I will be mashing more than just spuds .
 I have used this potato masher several times now , and I love it ! It easily mashes and seems to fluff the potatoes at the same time . The handle is nice , easy to grip and is easy on the wrist .
 This masher works great . I had no problems turning potatoes into creamy mashers with ease . If anyone has problems with `` lumps '' with this , it simply means that you are not cooking your potatoes long enough before trying to mash them . The shape of this works well also as you can get to the edge of the pot easily .
 I bought this masher based on Cook , s Illustrated recommendation , and they we 're right . I am short and it is easy to hold , and whip potatoes in no time at all . Very comfortable and easy . I recommend this highly !
 I ca n't believe that I am so excited about such a simple kitchen tool . The vintage ricer which I used for more years than I will acknowledge has been retired.I looked at several different mashers and realized that ergonomically I needed the downward push . And this masher more than meets my expectations . And shortened the time in the process.My only issue is that it must be stored in a larger drawer because of the size and not in my kitchen tool container . Worth every cubic inch of storage.This is The One to buy . Sturdy , comfortable to use , economy of motion and easy to clean .
 Finally I can make mashed potatoes without using my mixer . I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic -LRB- C5-6 for thos who care -RRB- and I can use this tool . Traditional potato mashers just require more grip than I have in my hand . Plus the horizontal handle makes the pushing easier , as well.My mother with mild arthritis likes this as well as her traditional masher.As with most Oxo tools it is highly ergonomic
 There 's nothing quite like fresh mashed potatoes , and with this masher , it 's an easy treat to make . The comfy horizontal grip on this potato masher makes it easier to use than the traditional vertical handled ones . You can really put your muscle into the mashing without having to develop huge forearms holding onto it . It has never let me down , very reliable , I 've even used it when the electricity is out.My only complaint would be that if you 're doing a lot of potatoes and have large hands , you might get some on your knuckles as you repeatedly crush the helpless vegetables . This is only a minor annoyance though , and if you 're in the market for a potato masher , you 'd be hard pressed to do better .
 Far superior to a vertical masher , I love this masher ! Its short handle helps you to avoid slipping around the potatoes when you 're mashing and you can throw your weight into it , so to speak . The grip is easy on your hand , and clean-up is a snap.I could n't be more pleased . Highly recommended .
 There are four spot welds on each side of the handles that attach to the masher , my last WMF ricer-style masher failed at these points because it only had one on each side . The OXO is true to its name , easy to grip . It may take a couple of times to get used to holding your hand horizontally rather than vertically , but it is much less tiring . Model 34581 will only do so much , as your knuckles will touch the food if you are doing a great quantity , but easily works on my usual quantity of 2-5 hand-sized spuds . I have also used it to break up tomatoes and look forward to using it on fresh peaches prepared for our annual ice cream crank . Hard to find a good spot for it in the dish-washer and drawer , forget about storing it in a container on the counter with other handy tools if that is your style .
 I have mild arthritis in my hands and always had a rough time with typical mashers.I LOVE this masher ! I will never go back to the vertical type!It 's also perfect for making frijoles refritos !
 Finally , a hybrid between a ricer & the old `` wavy-wire '' tool your mother used .
 The design staff at OXO really have it together . One after the other they create winners . This is no exeption . It 's sturdily built , has a beautiful finish , and seems to have the perfect size and shape to mash the most potatoes with the least effort . My kind of tool . Besides , it looks great , and that does n't hurt when it 's off duty .
 This is a good product . I have used it on potatoes -LRB- all root veggies actually -RRB- as well as things like apples cooked for apple sauce . It is easy to use with a comfy grip.That said . . i still feel like i need a ricer . I think if I had got the ricer first I wouldnt feel the need for a masher so I am thinking probably it would have been a better buy to just get the ricer ... storing all this kitchen stuff is always an issue for me.The company that makes this has consistantly made excellent products -LRB- great heat resistant spatulas too -RRB- and this is one more . I think this is a great buy if this is all you will need . If you will ultimately need a ricer anyway ... consider getting that first and than see if you still need this
 This is the potato masher I have been looking for ! I use it instead of my mixer . Highly recommend !
 Easy , cause of the design , it 's real easy to mash ... does a fine job , and you do n't have to drag out the electric mixer ... . easy to clean also .
 Does what the product was designed for . The longer handle also allows you to avoid getting potatoes all over your hands while mashing . The handle is also great quality and I 'm able to maintain a constant , firm grip . Would highly recommend .
 This masher has pretty short handles but works perfectly by putting your weight over the item being mashed . Strawberries and peaches were first . Was opting for the Jamie Oliver Potato Masher but this one works just great . Highly recommended.Jim in So Calif
 Yep , it mashes potatoes . Yep , it 's much better than the useless curved style that I used to have . Yep , I 'm glad I bought it .
 We both have arthritis in our hands and arms , so this item is an answer for us . Recommend it to anyone having hand strength or pain issues .
 Got this a few weeks ago , have used it about 3 times since then . Works as advertised , good product for the money . Would recommend .
 Got this for my parents because they have all the other OXO tools and couldnt ever find a potato masher . My dad said this one works good and creams thems up nicely as well when adding other ingredients . the grip is nice and long away from the bottom of the bowl if you have alot of potatoes to mash . very nice , heavy metal .
 My old masher broke just before the holidays . I was happy to find this one ! I have trouble grasping things tightly without pain , and this design makes mashing MUCH easier !
 I use a ricer for mashed potatoes , but this masher is fabulous for making refried beans . The type of masher with wavy tines just does n't do as good a job . My friends in Mexico tried to steal it from me , so I bought a few as gifts : D
 Having broken 3 mashers was looking for a strong grip and sturdy product , this is it
 You ca n't beat this product . It makes mashing anything easy and consistent . Definately , an excellent buy .
 We have had this masher for years . My kids have just recently moved out on thier own and tried to find this masher everywhere . They did not want to settle for anythng less then this .
 The Oxo Good Grips Smooth Potato Masher is one of the greatest products I have ever owned!It is so easy to use and is even easier on the hands . With the regular potato mashers , I would end up with a blister on the palm of my hand . I have even broken the handles off of two other mashers!This is awesome whether you are mashing potato 's or making loose hamburger ! It makes the hamburger crumble with ease.I saw the masher on Paula Deen 's cooking show on the Food Network . I looked everywhere for it , be it online or in stores . Finally , I happened across Amazon.com . There it was and at a very affordable price . It has so many uses ! It has definitely made preparing different foods easier for me . I can not say enough positive things about it!Deana M. Perkins `` gadget enthusiast ! `` Deana P.Unionville , MO
 This is an excellent masher . If you 're doing skin on potatoes it clogs up slightly - but still made short work of a few batches of mashed potatoes -LRB- with and without skin -RRB- & mashing up sweet potatoes for another dish.The one flaw of the design ? It 's short handle . However , it 's not a deal breaker . In fact - the plus-es of this more than made up for it 's sole shortcoming . My old masher -LRB- vertical handle -RRB- was about the same height and had the same issue.There 's only one masher I 've used that I liked as much as this one - but it was literally twice the price -LRB- it 's a Cuisinart model -RRB- . However , I would still choose this one over that other model because there was no hand fatigue with the Oxo . My family loves mashed potatoes and when I make them I make a lot . This was definitely put through some trials for Thanksgiving . I 'm looking forward to using it for Christmas , and for meals in between .
 The oval edge helps be really get into the corner of the pot , and the way the handle is horizonal means I do n't have to use and much strength to mash up my potatos/vegetables . These two features make for a really great design . I love this masher .
 this potato masher is great . I 've been looking for one like this very easy to use and if you have arthritis it is great
 I used to make refried beans by mashing them with a fork . It was messy , and half the time I 'd burn my hand when I hit the side of the pan , since I had to hold the fork in an almost horizontal position for it to be effective . I saw this potato masher and thought I would give it a try instead.I love the large surface area of this potato masher -- much better than a fork -- and the holes are small enough that the beans do n't slip through . It 's much more thorough than mashing with a fork , as well , resulting in fewer large chunks and a smoother texture . It also works quite well for mashing potatoes and sweet potatoes -LRB- even if I put a little garlic in -RRB- . It 's not perfect when it comes to mashing roasted winter squash , but I think that has more to do with the texture of the squash than it does with the potato masher.I 've had mine for quite some time now , and it 's sturdy . Unlike one of the negative reviewers , there was nothing that came loose on mine , even with repeated use . I regularly wash it in the top rack of the dishwasher , and it 's held up to that.The fact that it 's got a horizontal handle is also nice ; for me , the grip is a good size and I prefer the mashing motion that is possible with the horizontal handle to the motion of any of the vertical mashers with the S-shaped wire bases .
 This tool is very well made , easy to clean and easy to hold . I steam and boil large amounts of veggis and keep them in the fridg . until I heat them up and add them as a side for my meals . I 've been searching for a good masher that would shmush them up completely but still leaves some texture ... . well I found it . I use this masher at least three times a week and it does a great job .
 High quality product with a strong handle and support arms.Bought it as a wedding gift for my daughter , and she loves it . Based on it 's construction , it will probably last as long as her marriage -LRB- i.e. hopefully a long time ... heh , heh -RRB- .
 I thought at first a masher was an impractical impulse buy but , now I 'm glad I purchased it now more than ever as I use it more frequently.I have mashed potatoes , chick peas , califlower , and the like to save time and energy.It has n't bent even under strain!Good value for this masher !
 If , like me , you learned to mash potatoes with one of those mashers that looks like a thick wire bent back and forth , you probably do n't like mashing potatoes by hand . The wire tools do n't work very well . This masher does ! Spray it with a little non-stick spray , mash a few time , and yum . This is definitely the tool to mash potatoes by hand . I avoided making mashed potatoes before I learned about this type of masher , now I make them frequently . It 's small price to pay for a tool that really works .
 I am a real fan of the Oxo `` Good Grips '' products , and this is another good one . Simple , sturdy , well-designed , feels good in the hand . You will have to adjust your mashing style a bit since the handle is shorter and wider than most , but the new design makes sense - you can really lean into the job . Highly recommended .
 This is a sturdy masher . I have used it for applesauce and potatoes as well as egg salad . I just half the eggs and the masher does the right job making a nice salad . Easy to clean .
 This potato masher feels very good in your hand and allows you the proper amount of pressure without hurting your hand ... does a great job .
 How long has it been since you peeled and boiled potatoes added milk , butter , and salt and pepper and then mashed them with one of these ? My grandmother had one and I was surprised and happy to see one here . Does a good job without a lot of effort .
 This makes the smoothest mashed potatoes , sweet potatoes , squash ever . Ca n't wait to mash baby food with it . Easy to clean too .
 Easy to grip and use . Fits well in most mixing bowls . Easy to clean and is able to be stored in a utensil drawer .
 Bought this for my daughter - who has managed to destroy 2 other potato mashers - did n't even ask how . Know OXO makes a good tool so I thought she could try this one . It does its ' job fairly well and she says she is happy with it , but she is waiting for the day she can inherit the potato masher that my mother used , I currently use - and was bought in 1955 . The two side bars does make it a bit harder to use in certain pots - and it is short for some taller pots - but nothing you ca n't work around .
 I had been using one of the new &#34; stylish &#34; mashers that had one single wire running in an S pattern but it always seemed to leave chunks and take forever . After asking around I was recommended this style and it works so much better . The pattern ensures an even mash and the handle makes it easy to use .
 I have had many different mashers through the years and this one works the best . I 'm no physicist , but , I feel like because it has a short handle , it is easier to mash things . it 's heavy without being too heavy to use . the plastic grip is comfortable to hold . another great ergonomic product from oxo .
 Could n't find anything wrong with this product . This was a gift requested by college student . Looked like a good sturdy product .
 I do a lot of outdoor entertaining in the backyard and I did n't want a big bulky patio heater . This unit is perfect . It sets up on the table and I load in small 1 lb propane tank and it heats up hours at a time and keeps it really comfortable outside . I 'm going to take it along with us on our RV too .
 this came quickly and works to open bottles and you will always have it with you . no more chewed up fingers
 Given as a gag gift and he loved it . Most bottles are twist top now but what he drinks does not .
 Handy bottle opener that blends in with your other keys and does n't take up a lot of space on your key ring . It also ensures you will always get your bottle opener back -LRB- at least if you want to drive home -RRB- . It takes a bit of practice to use and requires you to have a few keys to give you the leverage you need to open up one at the end of a long day .
 There are two things that are readily apparent by looking at this item online
 In twenty words or more , this is , most likely , themost sensible way to save those aging teeth of yours.Almost as useful as aFart Whistle
 I am a home-brewer and bought three of these , one for me and two for friends . We all agree they work perfectly for what I got them for , just to have on hand when our regular openers are not handy . Several people mention taking two times or more to open a bottle . That is true . However , if you find the sweet spot you can open it with one try . I will say using this beats using pliers , a pocket knife , screw driver , folded up paper or whatever else is handy !!! So sit back relax and have a cold beverage . Cheers !! Note
 All the keychain bottle openers I 've had over the years have had one of two problems -- they are all either annoyingly bulky , or they are flimsy and ineffective . This one strikes a nice balance of size and performance . It 's just a tad larger than my house keys , and a bit heavier , but not so much that it is bothersome . And it 's built to last -LRB- stainless steel -RRB- and just big enough for a nice amount of leverage . All those plastic or cast aluminum ones take up too much space on my key ring -LRB- and subsequently my pocket -RRB- and I eventually remove them -- relegating them to the spare keys or the junk drawer . Other smaller openers I 've tried are too flimsy to work properly when you need them , so what 's the point ? Thumbs up for the BrewzKey -- this one will probably still be on my keychain years from now .
 This is not a standard bottle opener with perfect leverage . But then , that is not what I expected . It is marketed to be concealed within your keys , and it does a reasonable job at that . However , the reason I wanted it was because this is a bottle opener that lays flat alongside my other keys -LRB- I hate a big key ring -RRB- . At this , this thing is perfect , and thus - 5 stars . It does take a couple of bottles to get use to it , but after the initial learning period you can get them off first try.Anyways , I literally ordered 11 of them -LRB- 1 for me , 10 for friends -RRB- . My first order of 4 was so popular I had to order 7 more for my other jealous friends.Perfect gift for hashers .
 This does n't open bottle caps quite well in one motion . It usually takes a few pulls on different sides of the cap to get it off , but it was cheap and looks nice on your keyring . Unfortunately I lost my keys at the park so I 'll probably have to buy another one .
 Do the job well , it 's not too thick or too thin , the size is as expected , why I do n't give a 5 star ? because I saw a friend a bottle opener better designed than this one but it was a promotional item of clothing brand .
 Pros : * Blends in with the rest of your keys * Works pretty good * ConvenientCons : * It does n't quite latch on perfectly . They should have notched it a little deeper on the lip so it would get a better grip under the bottle cap . * The opener is in the middle of the key so it 's leverage is n't as good as it could be either .
 Very satisfied with my new purchase of the Key Bottle Opener . My girlfriends and I enjoyed the convenient and non-flashy way to always have a bottle opener on hand . Great stocking stuffer . Shipped really fast !
 Perfect for my hipster-style life . I do n't mean to sound condescending on the item , as I am inherently condescending . Looks like a key , but whipped out as a bottle-opener . Naturally goes everywhere I go .
 The concept of the key is great ! It fits so nicely on my key ring and I am always the first to offer an opener when a sober friend is in need of help . However , the key is just a bit too narrow to really grab onto the bottle cap . It takes an attempt or two to get the cap off , but ultimately does its job . Perfect for a compact , once-in-a-while opener but I would n't go opening bottles with it all the time .
 I was expecting something kind of chincy . But what I got was a great quality product . It blends in with my other keys very well . I got two and I 'll be ordering more for the beer-lovers I know .
 The bottle opener works perfectly , and is relatively small . Opening bottles is incredibly easy , and it 's nice to always have an opener on me at all times .
 I wanted an opener that was not ostentatiously a beer opener . This guy is discrete , classy and does n't stab me in the leg when I walk . However , you pay a small price -- there 's not much length to use for leverage . I could see this opener being kind of troublesome for guys with large hands/fat fingers ; you folks would n't have a lot of opener to hold onto!That notwithstanding , this opener is great for me .
 ... but much harder to see , and it is pretty cool . You just have to learn where on the cap to use the opener ; otherwise , it wo n't open the cap the first try -LRB- or even the second -RRB- .
 It looks like a key and is as convenient as reaching for your key chain . I used it to open three bottles of beer last night and it was simple to do on the first try . I do n't understand how someone would have trouble with it unless they were extremely wasted .
 This keychain bottle opener has just one purpose , and that is to open bottles . And it does . When there is n't a bottle to open , you 'll forget you have it . When you need it , you 're glad it 's there . It 's not the perfect bottle opener , and it does n't always get them open on the first go , but you have to make some sacrifices for its super-convenient size and shape . It is stamped out of sheet metal and so it 's not perfectly smooth around the edges , but it has held up well to wear on my keychain . Nobody would even notice that you have a bottle opener on your keychain at a glance ; it 's barely larger than a normal key.For someone who does n't like filling their pockets with junk , this is perfect . I probably open just a handful of bottles a month , and this little guy fits the bill perfectly .
 Gave it to my friends as Christmas gifts . None had seen anything like the Brewzkey and they loved the fact that it fit on their keychains without any added bulk -LRB- just another key -RRB- . It works like a champ and often becomes a topic of conversation during tailgating or other party functions once it 's used . If you 're looking for a novel yet functional gift , look no further !!
 Very handy opener . I like the size and the profile is thin enough that it does n't cause any problems carrying it with my regular keys . Seems very sturdy and makes opening bottles a breeze . No more searching for improvised openers !
 Fits great on the key chain and in the pocket . Takes a little bit of practice to get the technique down pat but still works every time . Made out of solid material and is a great value in my opinion.If I could change just one thing about it Id make the gripping end have a texture more like a metallic version of sandpaper instead of being all smooth . My first couple of uses the part you hold was a little bit slippery at first , a little bit of a rough surface would make this great item even better.If you are looking for a key chain bottle opener , this one should be at the top of your list
 I normally do n't write reviews , but I figured I 'd do one just for the hell of it.I purchased this nifty little bottle opener a few weeks ago and it is amazing . It 's light but strong and , with proper technique , you can open any bottle anywhere . It IS harder to use than a traditional bottle opener . You need to hook the opener EXACTLY below a ridge of the cap before applying leverage . It 's not that hard to do , but it will probably take you a few tries to open a bottle at first . Once you get used to it , it works pretty well and you 'll open most bottles in one try.Is this worth replacing your main bottle opener for ? Probably not . You trade efficiency for tiny size and a nice look . But having a bottle opener on you when you need to open a few beers is worth five bucks IMO . This thing is built to last!The only con -LRB- besides the learning curve -RRB- is that it feels so much like a key that I sometimes try to open my door with it !
 This thing works , looks awesome and everyone loves it and is jealous and wants one!One of my friends loved it so much that he stole it so I am going to order another one .
 This is a great little bottle opener to put on your keychain & was an excellent stocking stuffer for the beer drinkers in my life !
 I have n't bought this product , but it looks quite a bit longer than it needs to be . The fake key ridges after the opener might make it look like a key , but they make the thing bigger than a regular house key . I 'd rather have it the right length of a house key without the fake ridges .
 I bought this after searching for a gift to get a 21 year old guy . I had a few ideas in mind but I bought this with a 6 pack ! It 's great quality ! The only noticeable difference between this key and other keys is that this key is bigger but if you are just glancing you would never know that this was not an ordinary key ! Huge idea , small package , great gift ! I am so excited for him to get it ! It 's a clever little gift ! This from now on will be a staple gift for anyone turning 21 ! :-RRB- Very pleased and you can not beat the price!Edit
 This is a great item ! It came very quickly and in brand new packaging . The seller shipped very quickly and the item was packed well . Thank you !
 Having used a variety of key chain bottle openers , this one seems built of very good material . Others I have used have bent/worn out rather quickly , but this one feels of a good quality that will last . The key shape is also handy , as it does n't bulk up your key chain like more traditional openers do .
 This little key is perfect for opening a beer when you are n't at home to have a proper bottle opener.I have used the cheap plastic bottle openers , I am lucky if those open one beer bottle before breaking . I have had a few other key-chain bottle openers , but those ones that work are always too bulky , so I end up not keeping them on my keychain so they are then useless for something quick and easy.Well this has been just what I was looking for ... something that will get used probably a couple times per week when I 'm out somewhere , and something that actually works . I have just used it today to open 2 bottles , and yes , it takes a little getting used to , as some other reviews complain of not having enough leverage , which I agree . But this is overcome by that fact that you just have to place your finger underneath the key part , and lift up . It 's a little funny at first , but this key is well built , it will not bend without an extreme amount of force , and so it should last forever just opening beers/bottles . Fits nicely on the keychain , looks like any old regular key , until the moment that you need it , then it becomes an awesome tool to be revered and cherished . I was tempted to buy some of the more expensive keychain/key style openers , but I am glad I bought this . It 's cheap and effective .
 this is a great product when i firt got it i put it on with my keys and people thought it was just one of my house keys until i used it to opena bottle they were all amazed and 4 people i know bought one and loved it . it is great quality and will probly last for years stainless steel so it wont tear away over the years like most would . i love it and use it al the time .
 Got my brewzkey and slapped it on my key chain . Its about the size of a normal house key . Was n't too heavy or thick . I was worried it would be overly heavy and thick but it was n't . Opens beers without a problem . Its not a bartender 's opener , you may need two pulls to get it , but it is exactly what I wanted and works better than expected.Thanks Brewzkey LLC
 Small and stealthy , this bottle opener is always handy . It hides amongst your keys and does n't take up much space . Due to its size , it is not the perfect bottle opener -- not enough leverage as other reviewers have noted . But you ca n't have everything , can you ?
 Exactly what I was looking for ! A bottle opener I can carry anywhere and everywhere . I dont have to feel embarrassed at work around the office either with some novelty brand bottle opener key chain . The name says it all . /
 If you drink your favorite beverages from a can , you do n't need this . But , if you drink bottled beverages , even the ones that come in those flesh-ripping , so-called `` twist-off '' caps , this is a perfect keychain tool for ANY occasion - so long as you have n't yet lost your keys ... . It takes up no more space on a keychain than a conventional key . The aluminum keychain hook type tools work better , but this gem takes up less space on your keyring . Plus , it 's very inconspicuous.Too bad they ca n't throw it in a mailing envelope and send it for a buck ...
 Great little key for opening your brews.I know some people complained about not being able to get good `` leverage '' , but if you can open a ketchup bottle , you can open a beer with this key chain.Also works well for shot-gunning beers , its easy to poke a hole in the can with this opener.Looks great on the key chain as well . Most people just think its a key .
 I received the key chain really fast and it seems to be good quality metal too . You ca n't even tell it apart from my other keys either ;-RRB- lol
 Its exactly what I have been looking for . This key bottle opener is just a little bit bigger that a regular key . I do n't noticed it at all with my other keys inside my pocket . It may not open bottles as fast as a regular sized bottle opener , but it gets the job done . I just did not like how when it arrived , it had a scratch on it , but I suppose that is not a big deal since it will probably get scratched up in my pocket with my other keys .
 This is a sleek and functional tool that cleverly melds into your keys . Once you get used to operating it you will love this helpful personal effect .
 When Tom Turkey is hot and sizzling he 's a slippery character and difficult to deal with . My OXO hook is the best and most direct way to handle large poultry in and out of the oven without mess and without burning the cook . This hook is a serious piece of equipment and gives you the leverage you need to muscle 20 pounds of overheated birds on to the countertop . Really a great tool for large poultry or roasts of any kind .
 After wrestling one too many greasy fowl out of the oven with makeshift tongs and prongs , I finally decided to get this tool . At first , I was hesitant to make this purchase since I did n't see how such a simple instrument could wrangle a roast holiday bird . But wrangle it did ! The simple hook design provides ample leverage for even a 20-pound butterball and the rubber grip ensures a steady grasp . Never again shall I be scalded by boiling goose fat .
 My mother reports that this works beautifully . It also makes a great mystery gift -LRB- without its packaging -RRB- . Ask people to guess what it is . the answers will be hilariously varied .
 When I received this as a gift , I was n't too sure about it . But it works great for turkey , chicken , or any other bird . It was easy to lift a 15lb turkey from the roasting pan - easier than my mom 's turkey tongs that take two hands . This also works nicely for draining juices from the cavity of any unstuffed bird to use in gravy .
 That 's what all the kitchen `` supervisors '' said when I showed them this great gadget . Even those whose only reason for entering a kitchen is to get another beer applauded when I effortlessy lifted a twenty pound turkey from the roasting pan to the cutting board with one hand . You do n't need to tell jokes to get a good laugh ... just pull this out of the drawer . I 'm ordering several for gifts .
 When Tom Turkey is hot and sizzling he 's a slippery character and difficult to deal with . My OXO hook is the best and most direct way to handle large poultry in and out of the oven without mess and without burning the cook . This hook is a serious piece of equipment and gives you the leverage you need to muscle 20 pounds of overheated birds on to the countertop . Really a great tool for large poultry or roasts of any kind .
 I completely recommend these BBQ tongs . They hold onto a big steak just as well as a small hotdog , yet they do n't get hot in your hands because of the rubber grips . And if you have big cooking mitts on , the grips give you a bigger surface to hold on to.Great buy for the money , and a good accessory for any BBQ chef !
 I agree with a couple of the other reviewers - just do n't overfill these trays and they are golden . When filling , use the notches throughout the center of the trays as max-fill markers . This will ensure the lid does n't get `` sealed '' to the base of the tray when put in the freezer.The lids were a little tight putting on the first time , but after the first freeze , they slid easily and effortlessly . Only knock might be the width . I do n't have a problem with it yet , but they are wider than my other trays , which could cause a problem depending on the freezer.Overall , I like them , the cubes come out a nice size for any glass , the lids prevent the trays from sticking to one another and it 's easy to get the ice cubes out .
 I have used these ice trays for over a year and love them . I 'm puzzled by the negative reviews about the covers ... it only took me a couple tries to realize that the covers work best if you do n't fill the trays too full of water to prevent the frozen cubes from pushing up too high . And I always leave the trays flat on the counter when putting the covers back on so the water stays put . Removing the cover takes only a simple push with the heel of your hand to get it moving . I 've never had any problems with these trays . The cubes stay fresher longer ; and I love the space-saving feature of them stacking neatly on top of each other.Oh well , to each his own . lol
 These trays are almost perfect for freezing baby food cubes . The lids slide on & off & trap out odors from affecting the baby food . They also are easy to pop the cubes out . My only complaint is that they are smaller cubes than I had hoped . I hoped they were at least 1 oz cubes , but they are only 3/4 oz cubes . So it takes me chopping up some cubes or combining 2 whole cubes to make a meal for my 7 month old . The trays are definitely a great buy compared to those marketed specifically for baby food making ! Saved a few bucks with this choice & they fit well in my cramped freezer space .
 These may not work great for water for ice cubes , but they have worked flawlessly for freezing baby food . Perhaps because the purees are bit thicker than water -LRB- ? -RRB- . Sure it 's a little messy filling the cubes with the purees , but they pop out with great ease , one at a time , perfect portions , and it cleans up super easily , or pop it in the dishwasher -LRB- top rack -RRB- and they 're good to go ! I would recommend them , and am on Amazon right now to buy another , after purchasing one to see how it would work for this reason !
 I love these trays . The pureed food comes out so easily , I do n't even have to let them thaw a little , and they are a fraction of the cost of other trays designed specifically for baby food . They are also BPA free . The covers make them stackable , a must when you are making batches of baby food .
 I ca n't comment on the functionality of these trays when it comes to making ice cubes , but they 're fantastic for freezing baby food . It 's so much easier to have the lids than to have to use plastic wrap or foil . The little cubes pop out really easily , too . I could n't be happier with the results I 've had !
 I bought these ice cube trays for making my baby 's food and they work great ! -LRB- except for the one that my toddler melted in the oven ... -RRB- I love that they have a cover . The cubes release easily . I want to buy more !
 There is no doubt in my mind that this is the finest ice tray to ever grace Planet Earth . I have used it on many occasions and its ice is , literally , bar-none . Highly recommended ! Huzzah !
 Wow !!! I expected these to be so terrible ... I had heard that the people at Cooks Illustrated -LRB- a great cooking magazine used them in their test kitchens -RRB- so I knew they could n't be that bad . I ordered three trays , they work just fine.You do n't spill the water out of these when filling any more then a tray without a lid.After frozen the lid slides off just fine.So have no fear if you decide to purchase.Four stars not five because after all it is just an ice cube tray .
 Work great ... cheaper than the ones marketed for baby food . Run warm water for a few seconds over the back and the food pops right out . They wash up great . Stack well .
 Love these trays ! Now I just need to buy more of them . They are a little longer than a normal tray but fit just fine in the freezer .
 Makes small cubes that fit in water bottles . Has cover so it stacks well and protects cubes from contact with bottom of the tray above them . The cover does not become frozen in place , and in my experience , is easy to operate . The cubes come out of the tray easily .
 I was looking for something to use for my homemade baby food . I decided to purchase these and I am very pleased . I made applesauce and carrots . I had to set the tray in a little water to loosen the food cubes but other than that , no problems . Just wish there were 1 ounces instead of 3/4 ounces but that 's ok .
 These ice cube trays work great ! Not too flimsy and the lids help avoid spillage of the water after you have filled the tray . No major complaints .
 Pros : Excellent design . Sliding cover is designed to let you dispense cubes one at a time . To loosen the cubes just run water over the bottom and shake the tray while locking cover is completely on.Cons : A little bigger than the basic ice cube trays . Design does not consider limited freezer space/s . I started filling the tray only halfway to get smaller cubes . I used to bartend so I wish the ice cubes were half the size just like in bars and nightclubs.If you hear of same in smaller size alert me by commenting on my review .
 I 'm using this to store expressed breastmilk in small portions to reduce waste . Easy to get the cubes out and washes up nicely . No problems with warping that I 've heard about with trays designed for this purpose , and cubes easily fit in a narrow-neck bottle .
 I see a lot of complaints about the lid sticking on this item . The instructions say to loosen the cubes first , then attempt to slide the lid . It works just fine if you do it that way . I 'm pleased with this ... no more fuzzy icecubes !
 These trays are very neat & work as designed for ice . We got them for baby food & found out quickly not to overfill them or the lid is nearly impossible to get off . I like that you can pop out just the number of ice cubes you need .
 I know these got poor reviews , as ice cube trays . But I used them to freeze my baby 's homemade fruits and veggies and they worked great . The lids were a little tricky at first , but as long as you do n't overfill them , you 'll have no problems removing the lids . A couple twists of the tray , and the food cubes slid right out ! They were much cheaper than trays marketed specifically for freezing baby food .
 These ice trays work wonderfully , but only when you know the ` tricks ' to using them.When filling , only fill 3/4 full , since water expands as it freezes into ice.The hardest part is opening the cover , the first time can be a little tough . Sometimes a little flex will free up the ice that inevitably freezes to the cover . The ability to stack the trays in the freeze -LRB- with the water still unfrozen -RRB- far outweighs this minor problem , however.When its time for ice , you do n't need to flex the tray a lot -LRB- like on old-fashioned trays -RRB- , if it all . Just a little push on one side of the semicircle-shaped ` cubes ' will make the other side come up out of the tray , almost flipping the ice out.Sometimes a little water will spill out of the wells and freeze , all you need to do then is give the tray a little flex to break the ice free . The plastic in the tray has a very smooth finish , so smooth it acts as a kind of non-stick surface for the ice .
 If you plan on making your own baby food and freezing into cubes these are the best thing out there . It works great and the cover is not a problem when the food is a puree or chunkier . I just slip it on and I do n't have to waste any foil . Let the food freeze and then slip the cover off and remove . The cubes come out with ease . Of course if I forget about it and leave them in there for a few days it develops some freezer burn but that is my fault . The cubes need to be transferred to a freezer bag or storage container within 12 hrs to prevent burn . These are so much more economical than cube freezer trays marketed for baby food making .
 I ordered one of these and used it for a couple of months . Then bought 4 more with the 4-for-3 sale . I absolutely love them!In MY freezer , filling the cups about 3/4 full , the lid slides fairly well and each cube comes out easily with a slight twist on the tray.It 's possible that variations in people 's freezer temperatures might make the lid a little harder to slide . But my guess is that some people overfill the tray . And , we are talking expansion and compression when it comes to water going into a plastic that is moved in and out of freezing temperatures . I 'll bet the OXO people spent alot of time researching the plastic to use , lid size , etc.Beware of bad reviews of this product . Some of their ignorance shows in their own words .
 I 'm a drinker and I like my drinks on the rocks , meaning I reach for a lot of ice . My girlfriend bought me a set for my birthday and I 've been using them for six years now . The ice cube hole is contoured to allow for the ice to easily slide right out . If you 're looking for an ice cube tray , I would definitely recommend this one .
 I bought this to freeze baby food cubes and it works great . I do n't love the crescent shaped cubes , but they come out really easily and the square ones never do . I just push on one edge with a knife and they slide up the other side . Plus they are smaller so I was able to jam one in the mesh feeders that we use for the ice pops . The big square ones do n't fit in the mesh feeder if the cubes are filled all the way . I only gave it 4 stars because it was expensive on amazon . I did just see it today for half the price at Bed Bath and Beyond .
 I LOVE this tray for freezing baby food . I bought a couple -LRB- wish I had more ! -RRB- when I started making my son 's food and I have never had a problem . Easy to fill , slide the lid on and pop into the freezer . I wish I had these when my daughter was an infant . Much , much cheaper than trays marketed specifically for baby food and I think these are better because you can make more at a time . That really comes in handy when making large batches of food .
 I 've used these for months to freeze my homemade baby food purees and they are awesome for that ! Unlike other ice cube trays I 've tried , you do n't have to spray them with PAM beforehand ; the frozen puree cubes slide right out . The lid is great because I 'm able to fill several trays with baby food and stack them on top of each other in the freezer to freeze , which saves space in my overstuffed freezer . I 'll be recommending these to other new moms .
 i got this item for freezing baby food in just right portions while keeping them freezer burn free . i have had this product now for over a month and am extremely satisfied with it . the tray is easily bendable to pop the food cubes out . it does an excellent job keeping freezer burn out up to about three weeks , which i usually pop them out by then anyway and store in ziploc freezer bags . i have no complaints really from this product other than the lid can sometimes be hard to maneuver on and off , although i think that is b/c i am using them to freeze food and not ice .
 Excellent product , use it for freezing broth , pesto ect . Easy to use for individual servings .
 I ONLY NEED A FEW CUBES AT A TIME SO THIS IS PERFECT
 Oxo ice cube trays work really well for freezing babyfood , stock , or wine reductions . Very easy to remove intact frozen crescents . The lids , however , are completely useless . I 'd like to pretend I did n't have to purchase that extra plastic and give the trays a full 5 stars . Why exactly do ice cube trays need lids in the first place ?? I wrote about our experience using these trays to freeze homemade babyfood at Raising An Omnivorous Child . Find the post `` Freezing Babyfood '' in the Archives for August 2010 .
 I love the size of the cubes but it is inconvenient to have to stop and slide the tops back . Wish I had ordered a differend kind .
 I 'm quite surprised at the number of negative reviews this product has received . It 's functional and has solved all my complaints about ice cube trays in general . I love this product and would not hesitate to buy again.PROS : * Lid - I find it easy to slide on/off -LRB- no sticking -RRB- . Makes stacking easy . Most importantly , when you 're trying to get just a couple of cubes out , it prevents the rest from dumping out accidentally . * Cubes - They are a little shallower/smaller than my previous dollar store tray . I think this is a benefit - they freeze faster and come out easier . The curved shape is AWESOME - they just slide right out when you push on the edge - no struggling . * Tray - yes , it 's rather light-duty but it 's not going to crack . Also , the design of the cubes -LRB- shallower/curved -RRB- means that you do n't need to flex the tray as much for the cubes to come loose , which I 'm sure will improve its lifespanCONS : None so far .
 I am really surprised to see that the reviews for this product are so mixed . My family 's experience with the Oxo Good Grips Ice Cube tray has been inarguably positive . In my mind , the purpose of an ice cube tray is to make ice cubes , and that experience has traditionally had three problems , all of which have been elegantly solved by the Oxo tray :1 -RRB- Water spilling out of the uncovered ice cube trays en route to the freezer -LSB- Problem solved
 I love these trays . I puree my own baby food and these are perfect for that use . Foods freeze completely and in easy to remove `` cubes '' . I do n't fill them all the way to the top , so I never have an issue with the lid sticking . I think they 're great ! And affordable !
 I bought a few of these because they were less expensive then the ones marketed towards baby food storage . I love them . I have had NONE of the problems some of the reviews state about the cover sticking on . I think they are great for any mom 's who want to make their own baby food .
 These trays are so much better than the grocery store plastic version . They fill and crack easily . No more struggling to get the cubes out . Definitely worth the money .
 We use these to freeze baby food . Works great and the cubes are easily removed . They stack great . We keep one for fruit , one for meats and one for veggies . They are a must have if you plan on making your own baby food .
 I wanted to freeze my Homemade baby food . I researched about all the baby products available for freezing and selected this one . I read all the positive and negative reviews about this product . I am very glad , that I bought this one . I am using this tray for past few days and it serves its purpose . I have three of these trays . The sliding lid works perfectly.Make sure u dont over fill it . The cubes come off very easily , all u have to do is keep the tray in warm tap water for few minutes . Its made my baby food prep very easy . Thanks OXO !
 I bought these trays to store homemade baby food . They were perfect . Because of the lid I was able to make up a bunch of baby food and stack the trays in my freezer without worrying about any mess . The cubes come out of the tray with ease and the trays wash out easily too . Great product !
 I really liked these to make baby food , but after awhile they did crack a little . I also used regular ice trays and press and seal . The cubes were easy to get out of the tray but the top sometimes took a little wiggling . Overall pretty good trays though .
 I purchased the OXO Good Grips Ice Cube Trays , because the open trays took on the odor of the refrigerator . I have no problem of any sorts with closing the trays or sliding off the tops to open them . `` Do not overfill the trays '' ! I cover the trays and snap on the tops instead of sliding them on . Since the trays are a bit smaller than the ones we are used to , it is helpful to have a few instead of only one and stack 'em up.I 'm happy with the purchase.Ellie fromStga Spgs , NY
 This is a good ice cube tray . Serves the purpose . Make sure the counter is clean when you set it down . You do not want crubs or such stuck on the bottom when placeing it on top of other un-covered trays . It is a balancing act going from filling to freezer . Otherwise no Real problems . Oxo makes good stuff .
 Excellent product . This ice cube tray is very well designed . I bought two and they save a lot of space in my freezer . The curves below the tray and the cover idea make ice cubes very easy to come out . The trick is , do n't put water too full in the tray , since the volume of ice is lager then the volume when it is water . The problem is the cover is not totally `` cover '' the tray so the water is `` exposed '' in the air . It will be perfect if the cover can seal the tray tightly .
 Just be careful to underfill a bit and the lid slides well . The crescent shaped cubes are cool and are easy to remove . Multiple trays stack great .
 Easy to fillEasy to release iceand tucks neatly underor on top of whatever is in the freezer .
 Bought these trays to freeze baby food . Have n't had to use them yet but they look like just what I need !
 Fact that the tray covered - very smart idea
 Just plain works . I ca n't get excited about an ice cube tray , but I do get excited when one does n't work well . These are very good quality , and have the cover I was looking foe .
 Get one of these ice trays you wo n't regret it . I mean if you do n't have an ice machine but like ice in your drinks how can you refuse to buy this . This ice tray has a grip on the edges so you can hold it better . Get one NOW ! &Uuml;
 The trays arrived in a timely manner and appear to be in brand new condition . Thank you .
 These ice cube trays did exactly what I hoped they would-produce clean tasting ice cubes !! Even with a box of baking soda in my freezer , I could not get that `` taste '' out of my ice . These trays did the trick perfectly ! The cubes slip out with ease and are shaped nicely-look great in drinks . Filling the trays are a bit of a task , however-with water often spilling out when trying to close the cover after filling . I am very happy with mine and will never go back to traditional square cubes again !
 After buying several different types of trays to freeze my baby 's food , these have been the best . I am amazed at how easily they allow the cubes to slide right out after one subtle twist . I love that they have lids . They stack great too . I toss them in the dishwasher and they clean up well . I am on baby # 2 and they are holding strong .
 I make my own baby food , and these trays are great . Half the price of `` baby food cube trays , '' they are great for freezing and storing home made baby food . Each cube holds about .75 ounces . I ca n't speak to how these work as ice cube trays , but for baby food , they 're perfect . I would not spend more on ones specifically marketed for baby food -- that 's a waste of money .
 The bad part.The trays are a bit wide , and I can see how some people might not like it.The good partsThe trays slide rather easily , I 'm not sure what other people mean about the lids sticking -LRB- both before & after freezing -RRB- . Maybe they overfill the cube slots?And the lids are great for keeping only some of the cubes coming out . All it takes after freezing is one twist to loosen the cubes in the slots , and you can slide the lid to let out however many you want . You do n't even have to touch the cubes , you just poke one side of any cube with a spoon , fork , or whatever if it sticks.The trays are easy to clean , and durable .
 I have n't had any problems with this ice cube tray . I like the design and tray cover . I do tend to only fill mine about 3/4 of the way full so as the water freezes , there is somewhere for it to go .
 I have a old frost-free freezer , and ice cubes made in standard trays evaporate in a few days . The ice I make in these stay indefinitely and are easy to remove .
 I bought these trays to use for my daughters baby food . They work great ! They are nice and stackable and the cubes come out nicely once frozen . They clean easily too . I recommend these for making homemade baby food .
 Amazing . The rounded shape makes it ridiculously easy to get them out . Just torque the ends , slide off the cover , and then push down on one side of the cube . It spins out of the tray and you can grab it , or just dump the whole tray into a bucket .
 I wonder if the people who have trouble with the lids fitting on their trays got some that were defective . I have one and am ordering some more for gifts . I have had no problem with the lid . It slids easily to the side to allow filling and removal of ice . I use a cup to fill the tray , as I think any tray will splash if you fill from the faucet . I then gently close the lid and place the tray flat in the freezer . In a very short time I have perfect ice cubes .
 By far , the best ice cube trays I have ever had !!! You can see the difference in the cubes ... they are clear & shiny rather than cloudy .
 I bought this ice cube tray to use for homemade baby food . I wish the cubes were a full ounce , but they do the trick . I just thaw out two cubes . I really like the lid . No , it 's not a total seal , but it works . I especially like that you can slide it over to get out the cubes you need . No worries about all the cubes spilling out . The lid is nice as well because it 's solid plastic , which makes it ideal for stacking other trays on top . I also like that I do n't have to sit and twist the tray back and forth to get the cubes loose . I just push on one end of the cube and it pops right out . I love OXO products and am happy with this one .
 I just love this ice cube tray ! I needed something reasonably priced and covered due to the fact that our apartment sized freezer is missing the shelf and it would be next to impossible to keep a standard ice cube tray in it without the water spilling out and the ice cubes getting crusty . The OXO Good Grips Tray is very sturdy , the lid slides off and on very easily , and the ice cubes pop out with little or no effort . Definitely recommend this one !!
 Great product . My husband had his previous one for 15 years on a work truck . Needed the same one to be able to fit in the box.I would reccommend this product.Rubbermaid # 1683-01-11 3gal Orange Water Cooler
 I was looking for something to give more back to my employees throughout the day , this helped and was very reasonably priced
 Yes , the bristles do n't fall out ... Also , the handle is not just a loop of wire , but a real -LRB- and solid -RRB- grip . I use mine for cleaning up my coffee grinder , basting , etc. . It is just very cool ! It feels like $ 20 , not $ 5.99 .
 This is a quality brush . Great design meets great utility . So far , no fallen bristles . It 's OXO at their best . Come to think of it , I might get two or three and use them for shop duty as well . This is a great brush -LRB- buy two , if one is used up , order another while the second is in service -RRB- .
 When the clan rolled in to Chez Snerdley for Thanksgiving 2003 , I had no worries about serving them a prize Turkey . Why ? Because I had coated that thing with my secret recipe baste . But that 's not the whole story , because that baste would have never gone on as smoothly or evenly without this gem of a basting brush . Because of this Good Grips item , I was free to focus on my other priorities
 Really like my ice cream freezer is made well and works really well . There was a problem the second time I used it , the motor quit . I called the company and they were very nice and sent a new one in a couple of days . Super company and great product .
 White Mountain has always been the best of the ice cream makers for home use . My family has had them since I was a child and I own 7 , electric and hand powered , including one 20 quart model from the past . We wear them out , put new parts in them and wear them out again.However , the latest two I bought -LRB- electric 6 and 4 quart machines -RRB- leave something to be desired . Motors are made in China . The motor locks on the wood tubs did not line up with the tabs on the motors or either machine . There was a black residue around the top of the tub when the batch of ice cream was completed ... This is not expected , given years of experience with the older machines , and when paying the top prices charged for White Mountain . Nothing stays the same or gets better , including ice cream mixers . The ice cream is still great and the best made of any machine out there .
 Quality material and strong motor -LRB- so far -RRB- but motor latch to bucket could stand improvement . Would expect a better designed latch from an 8th grader.I was disappointed to find out the motor was made in China.The machine has only been used twice so will hold off saying more for now .
 After returning one machine for a REALLY loud noise when operating and getting the next machine we made AWESOME coffee toffee chip ice cream ! The machine is really loud but the results are fantastic ! I followed the coffee ice cream with home-made peach ice cream for a BBQ party serving 17 people . Everyone loved the cool delight ! The ice cream recpie that comes with the equipment is very simple and tasty . The peach ice cream recipie needs more explanation . I used the Joy of Cooking cookbook to make more sense of the directions . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 This freezer makes the best ice cream ever !!!! Had one for over 15 years and it finally wore out .
 I was given the machine by a customer who wanted to throw out with some old appliances . Glad I kept this for myself after looking at pricing . I broke a $ 30 dollar blender while remodeling his home and had to replacce , not a bad trade ! Easy to use , find a recipe , pour it in , add ice and salt in layers , plug in and leave it alone for 30 minutes . Wow , how hard was that and the kids love it for anytime ` I 'm bored , theres nothing to do ' days . Yes , I 'd rather that more people buy only American made products , but this is almost impossible . And you have to have people who want to work to make all these products . The maker I have was made in the USA and I am proud to say that I would have paid $ 200 plus or minus for it because of its original company location . I would recommend this product to anyone with doubts about the ` cheap stuff ' . Those trying to save money , you would n't have made it to this review anyway simply because the price would have scared you away . Happy shopping and ice cream freezing yo !
 WE 're very well pleased with this freezer . . We 've only used it 3 times & each time we learn something more ... It just takes time I suppose.It 's so different from the other cheapies we are used to . . When we get this down pat , we 'll be even more happy with it . I guess if we had a complaint , it would be the noise . . Man alive that little sucker can make the racket !!! I 'm glad I ordered it though.I bought it for my husband on our 11th wedding anniversary ... I 've always heard alot of good things about Amazon , & I 've learned there all true . . Thank you so much !!! Thelma MontgomeryWest Plains , Mo. .
 I bought the White Mountain Electric Ice Cream Freezer as a gift for my husband . His Dad had owned one and he always said they were the `` cadillac '' of ice cream freezers . We prepared the recipe for Vanilla Ice Cream which was in the enclosed booklet . The ice cream was ready to eat in about 30 minutes , was fast and delicious .
 This machine has a good reputation so I decided to buy one and try . It did an excellent job . When we plugged in the motor to start making it sounded like a jet taking off . It is very loud , needless to say we were glad it did n't take the whole minutes to make as noted . The ice cream was very good !
 The first unit I received had a defective in the gears and would not run . The Amazon return process was extremely easy and the second unit was here within 2 business days . The 2nd unit works perfectly . I 've had freezers from other manufactuers in the past and the White Mountain Freezer is clearly a superior unit . The other units would stop and the ice cream was still a soupy consistency . The White Mountain just keeps running , you have to listen to here when it starts to struggle . The ice cream is FROZEN to a consistency harder that what you would get a Dairy Cream but not as hard as what you get at an ice cream parlor . Yes it 's expensive , but the results are worth the extra $ $ 's .
 As a person who has made home-made ice cream for 30 years , I have to say this is absolutely the best churn I 've ever used !
 I was given a hand crank WHITE MOUNTAIN ICECREAM CHURN 36 years ago ; and I still use it . Since I was having my 57th birthday this year , I decided to treat myself to the `` electric '' model of the same churn . It works great . Ice cream was ready in 30 minutes and frozen hard . I 'm betting this churn will outlast me !
 I got this freezer two weeks before Fathers Day . We have made six containers so far and everything has worked great and tasted great !!!! I researched long and hard and the White Mountain is the best bang for your buck . It does require a little work and you have to soak the bucket but that 's all about being homemade . Clean everything real good after every use and it should last a lifetime . Thanks for a great product !!!
 Thrilled with getting this ice-cream freezer for this price . Saved over $ 100 over buying it at a local retail store . Have only used it one time so far , but am in Ice cream heaven ! Good strong motor , no stalling when ice is added . The ice-cream came out with a beautiful texture and set up nice and firm after the ripening . Freezing was completed in less than 30 minutes . Would recommend this product to anyone who frequently makes home made ice cream and knows what they 're doing!White Mountain F69206-X 6-Quart Electric Ice Cream Freezer
 I purchased this product based on the countless reviews found on the amazon.com site . For the most part , my opinion coincides with others . I would like to say , however , that ice cream making is really an art , so please do n't expect to produce great results without a learning curve . I 'm on my 6th batch now and have learned something new on each effort . Not enough ice , too much salt , mixture not chilled long enough , etc. . Perhaps with time I will create a dessert that can be proudly served to others without apology or excuses.As for the machine , its really not loud by some standards . A circular saw , someone wrote . COme on ! Be real . Granted it does n't hum , but its nothing rivaling a circular saw , trust me ! I have had issues with some early rust , however , despite my efforts to dry everything once cleaned . It should be noted , too , getting the motor to close over the paddles and latch into the bucket can be quite tricky . I 've watched the ice melt as I struggle to get things perfectly in line . If you own one you 'll appreciate what I am saying , otherwise , trust me , you 'll find out soon enough if you buy one.Would I do it again ? I 've seen other machines since buying this one that operate without ice , etc. , but not sure how they price . If this is as good as it gets without spending lots more for simplicity sake , perhaps it is a good buy . Maybe with time I 'll learn to make good ice cream and reevaluate this maker and give it its due .
 We decided to go for the electric ice cream maker , due to our busy , demanding lives . Not as much fun as the hand-crank that we had years ago , but still churns out delicious home-made ice cream . This model is great looking -LRB- just like our old hand-crank variety -RRB- , and well-made with quality parts . Our only complaint is the noise - it is SO loud ! But it is also very quick , so it does n't last long . I would have preferred more recipes - the included booklet has very few - but I can find so many on-line , that really was n't a problem either . All in all , a terrific purchase !
 This 6 quart ice cream maker is excellent and White Mountain has a long history of ice cream maker quality which I found is still in place . The pine wood bucket is great and I got a great tip from an avid White Mtn ice cream connoisseur to keep a little water in the bucket when not in use to keep the wood swollen so that when I use it again there are no leaks from the bottom/sides ... which is normal for this type of wood . I do suggest that you read the instruction book when you buy it and do clean and dry the parts well after use to avoid rusting over time . The motor is fairly loud -LRB- only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- but overall this ice cream maker is excellent if you 're going to be making a lot of ice cream and/or want a maker that will last you through the years . This is old fashioned ice cream at its best !
 We have always had an ice cream freezer and have enjoyed many family get togethers watching the fam crank and take turns . We also enjoy the electric version . Recently ours died and we knew immediately we need a new one . We wanted the best and got it . White Mt. does the job wonderfully and we went for the 6qt . We have had it for a little less than 1 month and have used it 4 times already . We know from past experience you need to be carefull with the wood bucket or it seperates but if you rinse it each time and do n't leave it outside in the weather or heat it will last a longgggggg time . We made ice cream for the 4th with a neighborhood party and someone commented they had n't had homemade ice cream since they were a child . How sad when it is so easy with this freezer . Make memories for your children and families ... . make ice cream !!!
 Upon first using this freezer , I was very pleased with the quality of the ice cream it produced ; a very noticeable improvement over my old freezer -LRB- an older , inexpensive make -RRB- . The ice cream was creamier , more consistent , and more solid . I ca n't wait to make some more for my friends .
 White Mountain freezers are definitely pricey for an ice cream freezer , but they can charge what they do because it is unparalleled in it 's field . The triple-action mixing system mixes completely and helps create excellent ice cream . I must say that even though this is a very well made product they do have occasional defective freezers , and I purchased one . I contacted Amazon.com to return it and expected the normal run around with time consuming -LRB- wasting -RRB- questions and a long period before I had the issue resolved . I was quite impressed when , after less than 10 minutes of filing notice of return I had in my hand a postage paid return UPS sticker and 10 minutes later I received an email stating that my replacement freezer was being shipped that day by 2nd day express shipping at no cost to me . Yea Amazon.A great freezer and great service from Amazon.com
 This is truly a top of the line item . We have made several recipes and each have turned out perfectly . The ice cream is smooth and silky . The motor is loud so it 's best to make your ice cream early and then pack the freezer for later consumption , that way the noise does n't interfere with conversation .
 You ca n't go wrong purchasing this ice cream maker . Being `` newbies '' at making ice cream we thought it would take a while to get the hang of it . Not with this machine . Every batch has turned out great ! We are delighted at how hard the ice cream turns out , not like a thick milkshake.It is a great investment ; based on the quality of the machine & hardware I doubt we 'll ever wear this machine out . 5 Stars for sure !!
 I did the research and decided to take the plunge . This brand makes great ice cream . My parents still have theirs and I 'm 37 . It is the same one they used when I was 10 . We in fact used theirs on a family trip recently -- still working . I make mine the old way , cook it before it goes in the freezer . Time consuming but very worth it . I 'm sure there are faster recipes but you do n't mess with perfection . YUM !!! Do n't waste your $ 50 on a junk one that will burn out or break down in a year or two . WHITE MOUNTAIN FREEZERS ARE THE BEST .
 If you want only the best , then the Rival White Mountain ice-cream maker is all you need . The strongest motor available on this 6qt . electric model . I have been making ice-cream for 35 years and wish I had a White Mountain in the previous 35 years . It is durable and is a high quality ice-cream maker . Best price was on Amazon with their free shipping . You ca n't go wrong !
 Bought this freezer as a gift . Have been told it makes great ice cream in about 35-40 minutes .
 This is a great ice cream freezer . Just like I remember in the old days !
 I did some research on the product before buying it . I took my chances because of some of the reviews and also of `` word of mouth '' , we made a couple of batches of ice cream with it and we fell in love with it.The best ice cream maker we have ever purchased.Well worth the extra money that you will spend.We are confident that it will pay for itself many times over.Thanks again White Mountain for the best Ice cream ever !
 I have purchased less expensive models in the past -LRB- actually have gone through 2 of the cheaper models -RRB- and had the gears strip . This time I stepped up and bought good one , you wo n't be disappointed .
 This freezer is deluxe ! It makes the best ice cream ever . We 've had the cheaper freezers , but this one is the best !
 I purchased the White Mountain ice cream maker over a month ago . After reading the pros and cons on the review page I was worried because this is an expensive item and I did n't need the motor to wear out like my old Regal did . The plastic parts on the Regal lasted about 2 years and I knew I needed to find one with steel parts . This one is awesome , not only does it have steel parts but it churns the best ice cream . I 've made about 6 containers so far . Coworkers have bought their electric models and we have made ice cream side by side . Not only was mine creamerier but it was always firmer than any other . The only thing I found was that any 6 qt machine takes about 35-45 min . While a 4 qt takes less time . We have chilled the mixture hours ahead of time and other times have not . Still not able to reach that 25 min . time frame the ad claims . No big deal . I highly recommend this one .
 I probably use this at least once a week and absolutly love it . Quick , easy , and delicious .
 This makes great ice cream . Tastes just like soft serve-real creamy . Be sure and make it outside-it is very noisy !! Also , make sure you dont fill it over half full or it will start coming out of the lid before it is finished , I guess beacause it just whips it so well . Overall , the best ice cream maker Ive ever owned . I hope it lasts a long time but I think well worth the money especially as often as we make ice cream .
 The best ice cream churn on the market that is not commercial type . I make a lot of ice cream , last weekend I made 9 gallons with 2 White Mountian churns . I really put my 2 churns to the test . I have 2 older churns , not White Mountian , and I will only use them in emergency . Thanks for a great product and great service . W. Nance , Cary , NC .
 Great freezer . This is made of old world way . Very heavy duty , feels like it wil last forever . Very nice product .
 We 've used our ice cream maker about 3 times now . The first time we used the cooked chocolate recipe that came with the product . The eggs got a little cooked and when we were eating the finished product , their were little bits of cooked egg in the ice cream . We ate it anyway . The second batch we made took longer to freeze -LRB- about 40 min -RRB- . I believe it 's because we were using the Ben & Jerry Cookbook recipe which did n't require cooking the eggs . I did all the mixing by hand and I think , because it took longer , it was n't as cold when it went into the machine . It turned out good but not quite like I had hoped . I think it was because I mixed it by hand plus the cherries I put in were fresh and not real sweet and the chocolate shavings were too small -LRB- I like bigger chunks -RRB- . This last time we had the most success . I used my electric mixer , the Ben & Jerry cookbook and I tripled the recipe -LRB- each was to make 1 qt -RRB- . So I made enough for 3 qts which , when frozen , came up to the top of the cannister . I also refrigerated the mix for about 1/2 hr before putting it in the ice cream maker . I have to say , it was delicious ! I would definetely get the Ben & Jerry cook book ! The finished product is sooooo good ! We made the heath bar ice cream and the coffee flavored heath bar . Yum ! Yum ! Enjoy !
 I bought this 2 years ago and have never had a bad batch of ice cream . Simple and fast to use . Good recipe book . Having to soak the wooden bucket for 3-4 hours is the only drawback but I knew I would have to do this when I bought it . It makes the smoothest and best tasting plain and fruit added ice cream I have made in 20 + years . Solidly built . Pricey but well worth the money .
 works great ! crank model is quieter but thats for people who are n't lazy like me ... enjoy !
 Got this for my sons 22nd birthday gift -LRB- he was always borrowing an ice cream maker from a family member -RRB- . We had him open this gift first so he could make his own ice cream for his birthday . Came out wonderful and creamy and was a big enough batch to feed the whole crew . Very pleased .
 This is the Cadillac of ice cream freezers ! Smooth operation and quick to freeze the ice cream . Built to last with easy to read owner 's manual . We bought this unit based on the White Mountain reputation . This ice cream maker is so well made . We know it will serve us for MANY years to come .
 The Rival 6-quart ice cream freezer is the best I 've used . It is certainly one of the largest , and if you make a lot of ice cream it is the only one of its size . It creams well and has a great stainless steel freezer . I do n't use any other freezer ! I had an old one and just ordered a new one .
 This product was everything I hoped ! Best homemade ice cream freezer for the money !
 Works great . Motor is faster and stronger than the basic machines . The dasher is quite a bit more impressive as well .
 This is my first ice cream maker and this one exceeds my expectations . It makes great tasting ice cream and with the 6 qt capacity you can add lots of extras to your ice cream . Unit is built to last , nothing on it is plastic . It is noisy when you turn it on so I just put it in the garage when I 'm making ice cream , so this really is not a big deal . I highly recommend this ice cream maker .
 I purchased this Ice Cream Maker for my best friend for a house warming gift becuase my parents have one that is 25 years old . My family makes Ice Cream a few times a year and this exact brand is still running after a quarter century . It comes with an excellent recipe book and very easy instructions . I hope to enjoy this with my friend for many years to come .
 I bought the mixer as a Birthday present for my wife . She had one about 20 years ago , and somehow it got misplaced over the years . She saw one on Amazon about a year ago , and oood and awwwed over it for 3 or 4 days.It really works great . She loves to make Ice Cream . So it seems like there is always some in the freezer .
 I wondered when we ordered this it would n't be like all other ice cream freezers that make baby food-like ice cream . It does n't ! It 's the real thing , and definitely worth the money .
 ... it was n't so noisy!Actually , to be fair its probably worth 5 stars . The ice cream is done quickly , turns out great , and the whole thing cleans up just fine . This is the first ice cream maker I 've ever bought , plus the motor is pretty noisy , so I figured I 'd leave alittle room for a higher rating.Have used it twice . Did n't even remember the directions , and the ice cream still turned out fantastic .
 The White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer is worth the money . The ice cream had a very smooth texture and maintained freshness in the freezer as long as it lasted . -LRB- This was n't very long , though -RRB- I bought the Ben and Jerry 's Ice Cream book , and used the White Mountain . My whole family was quite impressed.One word of warning
 THIS IS A VERY NICE ICE CREAM FREEZER FOR THOSE HOT LAZYSUMMER DAYS . JUST POUR YOUR ICE CREAM MIX IN - PLUG IT INKEEP THE ICE TO THE TOP ADD ICE CREAM SALT TO THE ICE FORQUICKER FREEZING . IN ABOUT 20 TO 30 MINUTES THE UNIT SHUTSOFF ON IT OWN -LRB- WHEN ICE CREAM IS FIRM -RRB- LET STAND FOR A FEWMINUTES AND ENJOY A VERY TASTEFUL BOWL OF HOMEMADE ICE CREAMTHIS IS THE 2ND WHITE MOUNTAIN ELECTRIC ICE CREAM FREEZER THATI HAVE PURCHASED . THE 1ST ONE IS STILL GOING - THE NEW ONEIS 6 QUART INSTEAD OF 4 QUART . ALSO THE NEW 6 QUART MOTOR ISNOT AS LOUD AS THE THE 4 QUART -LRB- THE 4 QUART IS 20 YRS OLD -RRB-
 I come from a family where homemade ice cream is a ritual and a tradition . Nearly every family gathering -LRB- 4 or more per year -RRB- involves the making of homemade ice cream . People have three servings . And then a few hours later , a few more . Its quite amazing . The quantity made and consumed is large.Most families within the larger extended family have their own ice cream maker . And all of them own and swear by these White Mountain Electric models . They have owned and used them for many years , having previously burned out many other brands before finding this brand that just keeps going forever . They even own multiple ice cream barrels so they can make multiple flavors using one bucket/motor set . -LRB- a good idea actually -RRB- Now that I have my own home , I need an ice cream maker of my own and this will be the model . After all , I would be teased , mocked , and generally looked down upon if I bought anything else . Because the experts -LRB- my relatives -RRB- know that this is the best .
 This is our first ice cream maker and it has worked well for us . I liked the ice-free machines that did n't require storing the bowl in the freezer , but they were too pricey and had small capacities . This machine has more than enough capacity -LRB- we have yet to make a full batch -RRB- and dealing with the ice and salt is not that much of a hassle . My only complaints are that it is noisy -LRB- like a mixer on high speed -RRB- and it seems expensive for an electric motor , a stainless steel container , metal mixing paddle , and a wooden bucket that leaks unless you keep some water in it to swell the wood -RRB- . The noise is not extreme , but you do have to raise your voice a bit to be heard . The manual only has 3 or 4 basic recipes in it so I would recommend getting a recipe book as well -LRB- we use Ben and Jerry 's -RRB- .
 More than worth the money - we have had other ice cream freezers but they just do n't stand up to this White Mountain for speed , excellent creamy texture , etc. .
 Rival F69206-X 6-Quart Electric White Mountain Ice Cream FreezerThe first ice mountain ice cream maker I received had a bad motor . After the first time I plugged it in , it began to smoke/squeal and locked up . I let the motor cool , and tried it again , but it would not work . E-mailed amazon and they shipped another one out the next day . 2nd machine works great . I have made 3 batches of ice cream with no problems . Very pleased with amazons return/exchange policy .
 It makes great ice cream but takes a little work . It 's worth it -- if you like ice cream ... Yummy !
 These Ice Cream Freezers are used in a restaurant , and are subjected to heavy usage . Their performance is excellent .
 What an impressive product . Seems built for commercial use . I have purchased many ice cream makers through out time with disappointment in length of service . This one is built strong where all others failed . What really won me over was the quality of the ice cream . It ended up to be the creamiest of any with a stronger freeze consistency . Highly Recommend .
 Received ice cream maker & have made 3 batches already . Tastes just like I remember from days long past . Well made product still , just like one my parents had 40 years ago except electric powered .
 My grandparents , parents and I have used White Mountain Ice Cream Freezers for a half century and more . I purchased this one as a wedding gift for my daughter -- making her the fourth generation to enjoy the best in homemade ice cream with White Mountain . If you value quality and durability , I highly recommend White Mountain !
 This brand may cost more but is well worth the extra money . Absolutely makes the creamiest ice cream .
 We have been looking for one of these for a while and found the best deal on amazon it works great and looks great also . This will make us ice cream for years . Thanks
 Great product but had read other reviews and spoken with other family members who warned me about the metal canister rusting despite washing it well after the exposure to the salt . Very , very disappointing that even though I rushed the container to the sink afterwards and flooded it with tap water and then washed and rinsed it well that it stil rusted . Truly a faulty product and I am finding it very difficult to find a replacement canister .
 THIS ICE CREAM FREEZER IS EVERYTHING THEY SAY IT IS ! WE LOVE IT ! WE MAKE ICE CREAM AT EVERY FUNCTION WE GO TO AND ITS ALWAYS COMES OUT PERFECT . THE FREEZER IS EASY TO USE AND EASY TO CLEAN UP . I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT AND IT 'S WORTH EVERY PENNY .
 The 6-quart electric White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer is one of the best around . If you like home-made ice cream with a great taste and texture , this is the freezer for you . And it does n't take hours to make !
 great Ice cream great deal my kids love it I am a happy momma !
 Could not have been any better as far as the delivery or the product . Delivered a day earlier than posted . Product arrived with all parts in excellent condition .
 The White Mountain electric ice cream maker does a great job in a very short time .
 GREAT ice cream maker ... worth the $ $ $ . . makes in the amount of time stated 20-25 mins . very , very creamy
 I really like this icecream maker . The wooden bucket holds the cold in great for packing the icecream for later . The motor has the power it does n't stop when the icecream is ready it keeps turning it , so you have to time it . I give it 20 to 25 minutes and the icecream is done everytime . This is a well built machine .
 Freezer does just what it advertises . Would recommend this freezer to every one . It freezes the time it says and the ice cream has a great consistency . I get rave comments on every ice cream recipe I use . And I have used it twice a day since I received my freezer . The motor is holding up well .
 We have made several different ice creams and they each come out tasting wonderful . Just like the old fasioned way . You do have to cover the entire canister with ice and tons of salt . We learned that really fast . Highly recommend and def . worth it 's value . The motor is a fast one !
 I heard White Mountain was a really good ice cream maker , but was amazed at the end results . I do n't know if it 's the machine or the recipe we use , but the texture is always creamy - never grainy , and it freezes wonderfully . We had delicious homemade ice cream in less then 20 minutes . I 'll never buy store bought ice cream again .
 This Freezer is fantastic ! It has completely replaced my original freezer that I used for over 30 years . I believe this Ice Moutain Freezer may outlast them all . Everything works great so far and my ice cream tastes even better and freezing has been cut down by about 45 minutes !
 This is incredible . Have grown up around family who has always made home-made icecream . My grandfather had a White Mountain I.C.Maker that made the best icecream . When he passed away , no one knew what happened to his icecream maker . My mother mentioned it was a White Mt. I looked locally , could n't find it and finally decided to purchase another brand at a local store . It was terrible . Plastic parts inside and tub , icecream was course . Motor was so weak . I returned it and found out that if I could find a White Mt. maker that would be my answer to the ultimate icecream . It is a real wood tub , stainless steel can , steel and wood whipper , stainless steel lid and cork . Freezes my mixture in about 25 minutes and larger than most - 6 quarts . After I cook my mixture , I always cool it off up to 24 hours before I freeze it . I think that helps with the short length of freezing time . I found it through Amazon . The best icecream ever ! I have perfected the family recipe and it 's better than DQ .
 A great freezer , I already own two White Mts. , this is the first electric . If they would make the tub hoops of stainless this would last a life time , but I guess that 's why they do n't .
 Recieved on time and is as advertised .
 You get what you pay for now days . It is all heavy duty construction , with stainless , coated cast iron , and cast aluminum . You will buy ten cheep ice cream makers and ware them out before the White Mountain is even broke in good . I highly recomend it .
 I have purchased several `` cheaper '' ice cream makers in the past ranging from $ 20 to $ 60 , only to find that they quit working for whatever reason shortly after I used them . This White Mountian Ice Cream maker is the best . I debated on whether or not to buy this item because it is pretty expensive for an ice cream maker . However , I am SOOO glad I decided to go ahead and spend the extra money to get the `` top of the line '' . It works wonderfully and makes delicious , creamy ice cream in 20-30 minutes . This is by far the best ice cream maker . I would highly reccommend that you spend the extra money and go for quality ! You will not be disappointed !!! \
 This is an excellent product and the price that I paid is unbeatable . This product will make ice cream in 20 minutes and it will not be runny.This is not your standard cheap ice cream maker , it is heavy duty.The only draw back that I see , where there might be a problem in the future , is that the motor hold down clamp is a little light weight and there is no spout for the salt water overflow , an easy fix with a short peace of copper tube . I have used it many times and so for it is perfect .
 Freezer works great - everything we expected . It is noisy , but freezes a large batch of ice cream in 20 minutes .
 I have tried several ice cream freezers and this is the best . I have had one for over 20 years and never wears out . I purchased 4 of them to give my kids as gifts .
 This is my family 's second White Mountain Freezer . We have had the first , smaller , one for almost 15 years , and it still works perfectly after being used 2 to 3 times a week every summer . The only problem is that with our large family , we run out of ice cream too fast ! I found out about the 6 quart freezer and bought it for my parents as a gift . The amount of ice cream is perfect for a large family or a small party . My mother even uses it in her catering business . The motor is powerful , making the ice cream in no time ! This is a great price for a great product !
 Shipped and received immediately . I would recommend this seller in the future should one be looking for an electric ice cream maker . The price was amazing in comparison to other sellers . I wish I would 've purchased 1 more . Thank you for your prompt shipment and professional service .
 I received my White Mountain Freezer for Christmas for my children several years ago and love using it during the summer . Last year , my daughter-in-law asked for one for Christmas . They had received a freezer -LRB- another brand -RRB- for a wedding gift in 2000 but it was slow and did not do a good job freezing . My daughter-in-law told me this was the best Christmas gift she had ever received . She made ice cream year round last year and is now the designated ice cream maker in her family for their get togethers . Not to be outdone , my other son asked for one for Christmas this year . I think we may be in for some fun ice cream making competitions . The White Mountain is known for its durability and the ice cream is consistent as well as quick .
 Before I purchased the freezer like most people I read a lot of the reviews , after reading I was concerned about the quality of the motor because most of the negative reviews where about it failing . The first time I was using the maker after about 30-35 minutes the maker started working real hard , the motor was slowing way down so before letting anything break I decided to stop and open it up . The ice cream was done to perfection . I am not exactly sure why people had motor problems but I do know if I ran it any longer I may have had a problem . So my point that new user should know , when the maker starts to slow down the ice cream may be done and you should turn off the machine . Any homemade ice cream taste better than store bought . Have Fun
 We previously purchased relatively inexpensive ice cream makers , not being able to justify paying over $ 100 . However , after our last ice cream maker became useless after just a very few uses , I got tired of poorly built and poorly designed . The prior maker , a Rival , stopped working because the top of the cannister , which has the gear which fits in the motor , was plastic , barely fit up into the motor , and the plastic stripped out.One of the commendable design features of this maker , which is not even listed by the manufacturer , is that it has a metal top which fits well up into the motor so it is durable and will last . In addition , the cannister is stainless steel , not thin aluminum , so it is also more durable . The motor is heavy , solid , and powerful enough to keep turning even when the ice cream is solid -LRB- unlike past machines that you wait for the motor to stop , the instructions tell you with this one to wait only until you hear the motor slowing down and working harder -LRB- 20 - 30 minutes -RRB- as the ice cream does n't get harder or improve after that -RRB- . This maker has a taller and thinner cannister , which I prefer , and enough room between the cannister and the wall of the bucket so that you can use a little larger pieces of ice . The dasher comes apart for easier ice cream removal and cleaning . As to the motor noise , it is no louder than any other ice cream freezer I have ever used -- none of them are quiet.Interestingly , the manufacturer 's instructions for making ice cream with this maker differ some between their video and the instructions that come with the maker . Be sure to check the distance between the wood scraper pieces and the metal , not plastic , dasher -LRB- wood screws are used to make the adjustment -RRB- . I assumed , being a new unit , that the distance was correct from the factory . It was actually a little off . An incorrect gap can make a difference in how well the maker works.I have used this ice cream maker several times already , and you do get what you pay for . This makes great ice cream , it 's way more durable and solid than the less expensive makers . It is worth the extra money .
 I 've used this 3 times over the last month . Works great . The only issue I 've had so far is the bucket leaks which is not a big problem since i set it in a wash pan anyway . I followed the recipes I found in the book that was included and they are pretty good . I made peach , vanilla and cookies and cream . I churned the ice cream about 25 minutes each time . I have a problem hardening the ice cream after it is made but that is not the freezer 's fault .
 Really enjoy making ice cream in this product ... we purchased the optional manual hand crank as well . It brings back the memories of making Ice Cream with my grandparents , and has given my kids a feel and insight into that time . But then when you are sick of nastalgia , you can turn on the powerful motorized crank and go to town making fabulous Ice Cream!The unit was a little on the expensive side , but in the end well worth it . Great quality on all parts . The stainless drum and lid are very high quality and the dasher head and shoulders above any other I have seen ... worth the investment.In fact , I am enjoying some homemade strawberry right now ...
 Service on this was much better than advertised . Received in couple days . Freezer works great and lives up to White Mountain expectations .
 If you are looking for the best homemade ice cream freezer on the market , you 've found it . I still remember the days of hand cranking ice cream as a youngster using a White Mountain freezer -LRB- in the old green bucket -RRB- . All the Chinese made plastic freezers do n't hold a candle to White Mountain . The ice cream is smoother , harder and tastier . The cost may scare you at first . But if you truely want the best homemade ice cream possible , buy this freezer . You get what you pay for .
 I purchased this ice cream maker to ensure that I had one that would work properly for my mom 's 70th birthday party . I had purchased an ice cream maker earlier in the summer from Walmart . We had to hold it together to get it to make ice cream . My dad suggested I purchase the White Mountain because of its reputation . Since we 've had the ice cream maker -LRB- about a month -RRB- , we 've made about 6 batches and every one has turned out great . We love our ice cream maker , and I do n't plan to have to buy a replacement for a long , long time !
 The White Mountain Ice cream maker was shipped promptly and arrived in excellent condition.Our first batch , fig ice cream , was great . Only complaint is the motor is a bit noisy , however , we put the maker outside on the porch and in a big plastic tub so noise and ice/salt spills are not a problem . We learned this from our previous White Mountain . Motor died after 10 years .
 This was a replacement for a 20 + year similar unit . The gears in the motor gave out after 20 + years of use.This new unit makes great ice cream as did the old one . I do see areas where the mfg has cost reduced the product over the years . They are :1 -RRB- Thinner wood for tub . 2 -RRB- Poorer quality on castings-leadin angles are all ground off making it more difficult to assemble . 3 -RRB- Lighter weight canister material.Just hope this new unit last as long as the old one .
 Peach Ice cream has been a family favorite for countless years going back to the generation before us and the `` Hand Crank Freezer '' . We have had a number of freezers but they never matched the quality of the White Mountain freezer . Churches will sometimes stage a homemade ice cream night , and I have observed the ladies that are serving their favorite ice cream , while still in their freezer . The ladies that owned a White Mountain freezers always bragged about its superior operation and long life quality.So , I bought one ! It 's clearly worthy of all their bragging , and I am morethan satisfied .
 My father in law purchased a White Mountain Freezer years ago and it made the best tasting ice cream . My father purchased one last year and so my wife and I decided it was time for us to purchase one also . This freezer makes the best tasting ice cream anywhere . It is very easy to use and the 6qt capacity is plenty for a small family gathering . Whats best is that it makes ice cream in 20-25 min and then you can rinse and make a second batch using the same brine solution in approx . another 20 min . The freezer turns faster and the stainless steel components are a life time investment . Do n't let the high price drive you away . It cost but is well worth the money .
 I purchased one of these several months ago after laboring over the price . I have no regrets . It 's a top notch made in the USA appliance and gives me a lot of enjoyment . It also makes the best ice cream from a family recipe that I 've been playing with and tweaking for about 30 years.The stainless steel can is a great feature and the motor has all kinds of power . I set mine in the kitchen sink in case I spill salt or brine water . When the ice cream gets stiff it gets loud . I usually put in ear plugs . Outdoors it probably would n't be as noticable.I was sceptical if the patented dasher would really make that much difference . Trust me It does . Several people who I have shared the ice cream with agree too.Everything about it says well made . I plan on having this one for a lifetime and passing it on to the next generation .
 We had been looking at a White Mountain freezer for over two years -LRB- ever since our cheap , plastic bucket type died -RRB- , but the relatively high price always turned us off . We finally decided to purchase , and WOW , what a difference ! For the first batch -LRB- strawberry -RRB- , I followed directions precisely , which call for a LOT of salt . I was amazed when it was done in less than twenty minutes and was the smoothest texture we ever had in homemade ice cream . I just had to make a second batch -LRB- peanut butter -RRB- , which was done in 12 minutes and again came out great ! The only fault I found is wood bucket dries out in storage and requires soaking in water for an hour or so to swell and not leak . Would definitely recommend machine to anyone serious about making good homemade ice cream fast .
 The Rival F69206-X 6 quart Electric white Mountain Ice Cream Freezer was a wonderful purchase ! We wanted to make 9 gallons of Vanilla Home made ice cream for a graduation party . The first batch was finished in 25 min . The ice cream was creamy and the machine performed very well despite our using it continuously for nearly 5 hours ! We have been pleased with our decision to spend the extra money for this item . You will not be disappointed !
 We had a White Mountain Freezer for AGES and the motor broke when it was dropped . Since there was a cheap -LRB- and I DO mean CHEAP -RRB- little Rival machine on sale for a mere $ 13 , we decided we would try it - what could it hurt ? Well , so much for icky soft-serve . It was just useless . When you put the `` finished product '' -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- in the freezer , it froze solidly and you could n't scoop it out.So ... BACK to the White Mountain we go ! It is SO worth it ! Not only do you get SIX QUARTS of awsome excellence , but it 's so smooth and creamy and fully churned and actually FROZEN ! When you put this FINISHED PRODUCT in the freezer , it STAYS like it IS , and you can scoop it later , like REAL ice cream , which it IS ! As for recipes , the Ben & Jerry 's book is excellent ! How can you beat their competing chocolate recipes ?!! And Kiwi Sorbet with melon liquor in it ? Too good not to make ! It 's definitely the BOOK of CHOICE . And , as for the Freezer ... GO WHITE MOUNTAIN , OR GO HOME !
 Follow directions and you will have a very good outcome . Be sure and soak the bucket prior to use . I highly recomment this item .
 We purchased this ice cream freezer knowing the product was great . my 80 year old father in law gave us his years ago and he had used it consistently for 20 years . It makes great ice cream and memories with our grandchildren as they lick that paddle clean and enjoy ice cream without preservatives and lots of good cream
 The 6qt White Mountain icecream maker is just the right size for a family reunion . It is well made and looks like it will last a long time making great icecream . The directions are concise and helpful .
 I got this and decided to make 6 quarts of Cookies and Cream Ice Cream as my first try . I did not realize that I would need more ice than I had originally bought . I want to say that you can plan on using at least 2 - 7 or 8 bags of ice by the time you get finished with the hardening if you decide to harden in the wooden barrel . That was not a problem . I had time between the processes to go get some . It was very noisy just as everyone said , but it was worth it . The noise is similar to a circular saw . I used the Vanilla recipe that came inside the booklet and added the crushed up 30 pieces of cookies in the last 10 minutes . I would suggest to add them in the last 5 if you want more pieces present . The first time I opened it midway through to put the cookie pieces in , the mixture looked just as runny as when I started so I thought `` Dang , this is n't going to work . '' But , I heard the motor start working harder like the book said I would . I knew it was getting time . I went almost 5 minutes once I heard the change in the sound . When I opened the top of the container , it was magically ice cream.I had some friends over last night and everybody could n't believe that I made that ice cream . They said it was the best ice cream they had ever eaten , especially the best homemade ice cream . They said that they had homemade ice cream in the past that had lumps in it . This ice cream that this freezer produced was completely smooth and absolutely no lumps in it . It was worth the money that I paid.The freezer itself looks great and has the nice smell of wood . The pieces look sturdy . It suggests in the book to check those screws and tighten every once in a while when they work loose . They are not supposed to be sunk flush because the flappers need to move . You can tell that the screws are not threaded all the way to the top . I would suggest that if you see any threading to then screw it in a little.Clean up was easy . When you are spraying it out , remember that there is a little hole on the side . I got myself twice with water by forgetting that . :-RRB- I ca n't wait to make more ice cream .
 This is the best freezing ice cream freezer I have ever used . The instructions were very helpful in how toget the best consistency and taste . I would recommend this Brand to all.My only problem was the manufactorer shipped the freezer without a cork plug for the lid that I thought is needed in the packing process . Also one of the metal band has broken already at the soder point.Other than that I am enjoying this product .
 Over the past 20 years my family has burned thru 3 ice cream makers . We purchased our new White Mountain ice cream maker simply so we would not have to buy another . We were sick and tired of cheap store brands that just do n't hold up ! We got way more than we bargained for ! Now we have the BEST ICE CREAM EVER !!!!! Wow ! I ca n't believe the difference in the taste and texture of our ice cream ! This has been a great investment for our family !
 As expected , it produced very good ice cream . We know with time it will get better and better . Great product !
 Love this ice cream maker . it 's so much better and faster than the cheap ones !
 Rival F69206-X 6-Quart Electric White Mountain Ice Cream FreezerJust made the first 2 batches of ice cream with this model . It was delicious , smooth , creamy and the leftovers keep well.The motor is very strong , but also rather noisy -LRB- lets the neighbors know it is in use ! so they can come and share . LOLThe wooden paddles could be attached more securely and durably , I can see that they will be a problem in a few years . I expect this freezer to last , it seems to otherwise be very durably built .
 I have 2 of these White Mountain Ice cream freezers . I would n't have any other product . It is fast , easy clean up , and freezes solid when following the directions . I have had the cheaper freezers , but prefer the Rival above all the rest .
 I have had several cheaper ice cream freezers and white mountain is the best one . The ice cream freezes and no problem with having to stop to put ice in due to the motor stalling.I would not own any other kind .
 This is a very good product , but I had to use the inside part out of my hand crank freezer to get this one to work . The inside piece was broken . I sent an e mail and have n't heard from you . Thanks , I am very happy with these units . Thanks again , Wayne
 Purchased this Ice Cream Freezer for my parents for Christmas . They had a previous one for 30 years and loved it . It finally wore out . Exceptional Quality . They were so Excited when they opened it . We made Ice Cream the next day with it . White Mountain offers and Exceptional Ice Cream Freezer , nothing else would have compared for my parents .
 Makes great ice cream . Runs like a beast . We are family of 8 and I thought a 6qt maker would be perfect , but we have n't made over 4qts yet and that lasts 2-3 days . The recipe book that comes with it is sparse , so if you want to make serious ice cream I recommend looking into an ice cream recipe book or some of the recipes online . That being said , we have only made the recipe that came with it because it is simple and tastes very good .
 I have only used it two times since I purchased it . I rate it as a 4 because it works and runs great . The only think that needs to be improved on is the removing of the motor after ice cream is ready .
 We have had our White Mountain 6 qt freezer for over 30 years ; it has never missed a beat . We use it 8 to 10 times during the summer and even a few times over the winter , it never fails to make a perfect batch of ice cream . I believe the key to keeping it going year after year has been keeping salt water brine out of places it should n't be , most importantly the motor . The brine , of course is highly corrosive to all metal parts ; so should brine get into the motor I 'm sure the result would be failure . After making a batch of ice cream I clean the unit throughly , especially anything that may have come in contact with the brine . After the unit is clean I wipe the bucket hoops , latches , bail and canister spindle inside the bucket with a bit of light machine oil . I also wipe all the cast iron parts that come in contact with the ice cream with a thin coat of vegetable oil . This all takes a a bit of time but the result is a machine that has lasted all these years . Should the freezer ever quit , I 'll get replacement parts , they are all available from -LSB- ... -RSB- or if I have to , I 'll buy new White Mountain machine .
 We looked for an ice cream maker and tried 2 or 3 different brands . But the white Mountain freezer makes the smoothest , creamiest ice cream we 've EVER eaten . The recipes were easy to follow , and their suggestions on how to make it were simple to follow . Honestly folks , if you 're looking for silky smooth , creamy homemade ice cream White Mountain is the product to purchase .
 The wooden tub makes all the difference ! I have used this brand for years . I remember hand cranking one of these as a kid . No freezer makes better ice cream .
 Today I made my first of many batches of the best , creamiest homemade ice cream ever . This freezer made the ice cream so fast . I have worn out several less expensive makers and now that my new White Mountain is here I can see why . This maker is made to last ! I am very happy so far with my investment . Sometimes you DO get what you pay for . I will suggest reading the instruction book , all of it . I really liked the explanation of the need and the amount of salt to use . The maker really fluffs the mix . If you are accustomed to a cheaper maker use caution , I almost overflowed the canister . Another word of warning , make it close to where you plan to serve it or have someone strong that can move it . Once full of ice and ice cream it 's a little heavy .
 The latch holding the moter to the tub snapped off on first use . The cheap brass rivet holding latch to the tub needs to be replaced with corosion proof bolt with washer and self locking nut so that latch tension can be adjusted as required . Otherwise the icecream freezer apears to be of high quanity . Also , there were warranty information included and no contact information from the company .
 Good Product this was my third one over the past 30 years . good product good quality .
 Our camping club purchased a White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer shortly after we joined in 1995 . It has never let us down in over 15 years and many hours of use nearly every month , including winters while snow birding in warm climates!The price is higher , but the qulaity is there . I bought another brand ice cream maker due to the price of White Mountain , but returning it , and ordered today from Amazon.com a White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer for our family . I know from other reviews and past experience with our camping club this ice cream freezer is the best value .
 THIS FREEZER IS THE BOMB . THE ONLY REASON IT 'S NOT GETTING 5 STARS IS BECAUSE OF A POORLY INSTALLED RIVET ON THE HARDWARE THAT HOLDS THE MOTOR IN PLACE . WHEN YOU PAY THIS MUCH FOR A FREEZER YOU EXPECT EVERY THING TO BE PERFECT .
 Purchased this for my husband because he has always wanted a White Mountain freezer . He was very pleased and we made ice cream right away ! It froze so quickly and was very firm . The best freezer we have ever used !!
 we used it 07/04/2010 . it makes the best home made ice cream we every had . do n't buy the cheap ones they wo n't last . i did n't get a warranty card to send in ... that concerns me .
 We were disgusted with the cheap homemade ice cream makers that produced a soup like consistency of ice cream . It was time to `` kick it up a notch '' and invest in a quality machine . I researched and found the White Mountain F69206-X 6-Quart Electric Ice Cream Freezer . This appeared to be the one and , sure enough , we were not disappointed . It is a quality product , producing excellent ice cream . The motor is much more powerful and combined with the unique paddle system produces ice cream you eat with a spoon , not a straw ! It is actually a PLEASURE making the ice cream now , rather than the hassle it used to be with the other machines . I highly recommend this product . Yes , it 's more expensive but worth it !
 this was a replacement for our 35 year old crank model . the price was a real shocker but it makes great ice cream . made two 4 quart batches for the fourth . one vanilla and one strawberry . both turned out great . the only problem i have had with the the electric vs. the crank was that positoning the motor over the cannister was a little tricky but i soon learned to turn the cannister until everything fell into place . pricey yes , but if you want good homemade ice cream it is the only way to go . we tried several of the plastic makers and the balls . lots of trouble , small capacity and crappy ice cream . so , we just sucked it up and paid the price but the faces of our little grandsons as they eat the homemade ice cream is priceless .
 My father was a `` professional '' ice cream maker in Iowa before he came west and I grew up with the hand-cranked version of this machine ; eventually my family bought the electric version , which I now have 30 years later . I use this for summer parties , and just to make my own ice cream when I want an unusual flavor or add-ins . its noisy -- but quick , and I typically put it outside on the deck for the time it needs to run . I 've given the hand-cranked version of this as thank-you gifts to friends with cabins and sailboats . In my book -- this is the gold standard of ice cream makers .
 This Ice Cream Freezer is the bomb , you do n't have to worry about it bogging down & it makes the thickest ice cream ever . We were wanting one for a lonog time & finally decided to get one , it may cost more for this brand but well worth it ! A +
 fast with a motor that does not bog down . In cool weather it seems to take longer ; however , the end product is excellent . They need to include more receipes .
 My famliy and I really wanted to get an electric ice cream freezer for a very long time , we had one of the old school crank freezers before.We had a bad experience with this freezer at first , when we recieved the item the motor was broke that spun the padels . But with the GREAT customer support from Beach we had a new one in two days.Now our freezer is working like a champ , we have been making all kinds of ice cream like strawberry , chocolate chip , peach , and etc. . With this White Mountain Electric Ice Cream Freezer its so easy to make great homemade ice cream with ease , in the matter of minutes . We went from the old school crank and having to muscle out some ice cream to now just pushing a button and adding ice.For ice cream lovers and especially homemade ice cream lovers this is a great item to purchase . It is also the cheapest and is the best quality home ice cream maker out there .
 WE have used our ice cream maker only once and we were very pleased with it . We would recommend it highly .
 Ordered the unit w/2 day shipping . Received the unit on time . The ice cream maker works perfectly . Our ice cream making is n't often , so hopefully this machine will last a long time .
 Makes the best homemade ice cream out there ! No complaints , and would ' t buy any other kind of freezer . So Delicious .
 We chose this White Mountain Ice Cream maker because my husband grew up with one - it has been in his family for 30 years . It is a family tradition at gatherings to make ice cream in that old ice cream maker . We are very pleased with this new one and it has worked as described . Our only BIG disappointment is that the motor is no longer made in the USA . The old family unit was made in the USA and we wanted to continue this American tradition ... knowing this took some of the fun out of the tradition but we will enjoy this maker regardless . It has operated well so far - we have made 3 batches as of this review .
 The old saying , `` you get what you pay for '' . Excellent machine and construction . I would never imagined spending this much for an ice cream maker , but I am glad that I did . I really believe that it was built to last .
 Produces great ice cream from non-cooked recipes . I have yet to get a good recipe for `` custard based '' ice cream , but that is n't the fault of the mixer . I 've been very happy with my purchase . Just remember to wash out the salt after every use , otherwise it will rust out .
 This is the real thing ! I have tried other ice cream makers and this thing worked flawlessly out of the box and makes real ice cream even in a hot and humid environment with ambient temperatures of about 33 degrees Celsius and 85 % humidity in a RESTAURANT kitchen and I have been using this everyday to make at least 2 or 3 batches everyday!Would definitely recommend it . A durable item that holds up in today 's disposable times . A bit on the loud side as in other reviews but in a restaurant kitchen , who cares as long as it does the job reliably !
 I followed directions exactly -LRB- although my husband usually does n't ! -RRB- and had outstanding success . Great ice cream , frozen quickly and ever firmer than the directions sounded like it would be.Rival F69206-X 6-Quart Electric White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer
 The good
 I purchased my freezer for use at an ice cream social . Making three consecuative freezers it worked even better on the last . The most important part is using enough salt ! We found the consistancy a little too soft and needed to `` season '' it before serving . I love the vanilla ice cream recipe as it contained no eggs and the 1/2 full freezer beats up to be completely full ! The ice cream received rave reviews at the social .
 Although pricey , this ice cream churn is worth it ! The ice cream always comes out so creamy and smooth . Everyone always wants to know where we got this machine-usually we do n't want to tell them because then they 'll know how much be splurged on this machine .
 This machine works very well . My first try was not so great because I had some trouble figuring how to put the motor on . As for my second try , the ice cream came out perfect . I recommend this machine to those that have a large family or for large social events because you can make as many batch as you can without freezing the canister . The only negative thing I have to say is that they should have made a clear or plastic lid , so I can see what stage the ice cream is in , instead of waiting for the awful sound the motor makes when the ice cream is done . Overall , it is a good machine to invest your money in .
 We love this ice cream freezer . It 's the best . We took our first batch of ice cream to a church party and people raved all evening about our ice cream . This is a far better product than any other ice cream freezer on the market .
 We found the ice cream maker itself very good and reminded us of the models available that we used in the 70 's . The only complaint was the recipe book which gave the recipe for vanilla ice cream for a 6 quart freezer . We made the amount according to directions and found it was way more liquid than the recommended just over 1/2 fill on the container . If we add all of the ingredients as to cups of liquid it is much more than 12 cups . This needs to be corrected . Otherwise , it was wonderful !
 When I plugged in my White Mountain ice cream motor it sounded like rocks tumbling down a metal slide . Is this normal ?
 I had a white mountain many years ago , but just purchased the electric model.The shipping was free , received the freezer in only three days . So fast , I could n't even believe it . Everything was in mint condition . Amazon rules .
 Every child and some adults could n't wait for the homemade ice cream . It reminded some adults of their childhood and the kids watched it work , could n't take their eyes off it until it was finished . The ice cream was great . And the best part for me was not having to crank it . Ah the good old days !
 This is an excellent icream freezer . I live in the desert so I am concerned about the bucket drying out . Folloe the directions that tell you to put a few inches in the bucket a few hours before using and it is fine . It freezes very fast and does ` nt require as much salt as the directions call for . The vanilla and chocolate recipes are great but the peach was a little lacking . White Mountain still makes the best icream freezer and is a quality buy .
 Our whole family LOVES IT , especially our 3 grandchildren !! easy to use , durable , no plastic parts . We make more homemade ice cream more than ever .
 I have owned this machine for two years and have been very well pleased with it 's performance and expect to use it for many years to come . Superior workmanship . Built to last . This one was purchased as a Christmas gift for one of our children for this year .
 We are very pleased with our purchase of the White Mountain Ice Cream Maker . We ordered it early in the week hoping to get it in time for a Thursday event . We paid a little extra in shipping but it got here 3 PM of that afternoon in time for us to show it off and have some great ice cream that night . It is the best ice cream maker we have ever had . Much more expensive by comparison but we actually get frozen ice cream instead of `` milk shakes '' with the other brands we have had in the past . We also hope this one lasts a long time . Looking forward to many years to come making great ice cream . I think we are already getting known among family and friends as the `` Ice Cream Couple '' . Thanks a bunch !
 Husband was looking for a good ice cream maker , and we found one ! Love it !
 This is the same brand of ice cream freezer that my mom had when I was a kid , the only difference is that one was a hand crank model . It brings back lots of memories when I crank ice cream in new freezer . I have used a couple of different brands of electric freezers over the years , and none of them compare to this freezer . The motor is very heavy duty and the bucket is the very best quality I have ever seen . The first time I used this freezer , I used a lower fat version of my recipe and crushed ice from Sonic . The freezer froze the ice cream so hard , that I could n't get the dasher out without letting the ice cream melt a little first . The next batch I froze , I used a much higher fat version of my recipe , and it did n't freeze as hard . Now I am trying to find a recipe that will be about midway between these two . All in all , I am very pleased with White Mountain freezer . It is a little noisy , but that is to be expected with a motor that is this powerful . With good care taken of this freezer , it should out last me .
 This is my first one so I do n't have anything to compare it to.We 've used it several times and the whole family have enjoyed the ice cream.The book of recipes was a great help , because I had none.Rodney
 A very well built product . Works real good . Have used it several times and enjoy the ice cream each time .
 I have made homemade ice cream for a long time using cheap freezers . I would always fight with large pieces of ice getting stuck around the freezer stopping the tub and causing me to try to spin the tub by hand to loosen the ice . This motor has not choked one time and freezes the cream very well . I just put in the ice and salt and time it around 25 minutes . You can hear the motor lugging a little and it is time to stop and pack the ice .
 White Mountain is definetly the GOLD standard for making ice cream at home . Once you have utilized one to make your favorite recipe , you will never want to buy another brand .
 This ice cream freezer is everything it is advertised to be and more . My old ice cream freezer finally gave out after many years . I wanted to go back to the wooden bucket and found the White Mountain freezer . This is a quality product that should last for many years . My first batch of ice cream from my new freezer was perfect and a big hit with all my friends . It may seem to be expensive but you will get many years of sweet enjoyment out of it .
 I bought the White Mountain ice cream maker about 3 weeks ago and we love it ! It is very easy to use and the ice cream is delicious . Be sure and read the directions before you use it . It is recommended that you fill the bucket with 3-4 inches of water a couple of hours before you use it so the wood expands and it does n't leak between the cracks . I 've read other reviews where people did n't do this and it leaked . This is a great ice cream maker and I am very happy I bought it .
 I love this ice cream machine ! It makes enough ice cream -LRB- 6 quarts ! not 1 to 1-1/2 quarts like the others -RRB- for large gatherings or enough to store for future consumption . It 's very simple to operate with the electric motor doing all the work and the Ice Cream is fabulous , smooth and creamy . I put it on a `` rag rug '' on the kitchen floor where I add the ice/salt . It 's a bit noisy , but it 's part of the fun . My only complaint is that very few recipes are included with the machine . Solution , purchase a book of ice cream recipes to supplement . Some good ones are
 Recently , a group my son was in had to make over 200 gallons of homeade ice cream . The group would go to local festivals and sell the ice cream to raise money . Anyway , we had about 14 six quart freezers , 4 of them being the White Mountain models . The White Mountain freezers not only froze almost 2x faster than the other models but the ice cream was much more firm . Also , after making all of the ice cream , many of the other models were literally `` burnt out '' but the White Mountain machines seemed to go on and on showing no signs of wear . These freezers have probably made over 30 gallons of ice cream and still are as good as new . I would highly recommed a White Mountain machine .
 Twenty years ago when we got married we received a White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer as a gift . It was so different than any other ice cream freezer we had ever had . The ice cream turns out so smooth and the leftovers stay so smooth and good in the freezer , not turning hard like so many other ice cream freezers we had used . We have never had a problem with it at all , until a month or so ago our daughter dropped the motor on the ground and it broke -- so we decided to purchase a new ice cream freezer . We would not purchase any other than the White Mountain . We have made many different flavors -- the freezer works great with fruit and nuts , choc . chips,-anything . From the time our kids were little and still today as they are teenagers and beginning to leave home -- we all look forward to the special days when we gather around and make homemade ice cream . It has become a tradition in our family . This is a great machine !!!!!
 I 'm a novice to Ice Cream making . My family and I did own and operate a Baskin Robbins for about 6 years and I got to visit the dairy where they made the Baskin Robbins Ice Cream . For my money , even though this was an expensive purchase , the White Mountain ice cream maker provides the closest reality to taste and texture that commerical ice creameries produce , given the right recipes . The quality of the paddles or solid and designed to last a VERY long time . True the machine is loud , it also works hard to mix any type of ice cream wanted and does it very , very well . We 've made about 20 batches so far and with the exception of 2 of them they all turned out perfect . The 2 that were bad , were pilot error . We also invested in the Ben-n-Jerry recipe book , which I also recommend . It covers everything from Vanilla Bean -LRB- yummy -RRB- to Cherry Garcia -LRB- double yum -RRB- . For the money you 'll end up buying 2-3 of those -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- ice cream makers and wear them out in no time . We have a large family for get togethers so we use the full 6 quarts , but it will do smaller batches for just 2-3 people with no problem . It cleans up easily with the cylinder being Stainless Steel and the wood paddles add a sense of realizime I love , plus it does n't taint the ice cream , just like the pro 's . A + to White Mountain .
 this is an incredible freezer , when the motor works . When the motor works by itself , it purrs like a kitten . On the two new models I have bought new , both purred and then when the mixture was in the tub they started to screech like a cat with his tail on fire . Finally the first one quit after two batches . They were nice enough after 3 years to send me a new motor -LRB- have not tried it out yet -RRB- and told me to dispose of the other motor . Took it apart and the gears no longer mesh , they are all metal , made in China and was a faulty design . Those motors are a yellowish color , the new one is green which I have not tried yet . It is definetely a design problem with either the spindle gear on the motor , or the gear it is suppose to mesh with that is there problem . I also coated the inside and outside of my wood tub and bands with spar marine varnish before ever using the first time which keeps the tub intact much longer . It is the best model on the market but they need to work through the quality control issues on that motor .
 This is the classic ice cream freezer and we 've been using one for over 40 years -LRB- many replacements , of course -RRB- . The secret to the leaky bucket is to keep the wood swollen . Ca n't happen in our DRY homes and basements . So , take it from my wife 's uncle -LRB- now 80 + yrs old -RRB- the cure is fiberglass . Just get a kit from the auto supply store that you use to fix auto bodies . Follow the directions , spreading the cloth all over the inside of the wooden bucket . It 'll make your wood last lots longer and NO MORE LEAKS !!
 This freezer is very powerful and makes excellent ice-cream . With the powerful motor , however , comes loud noise . The motor is extremely loud so take that into consideration when deciding where to plug the unit in to make ice-cream .
 My family has been making ice cream for over 58 years , but this is our first White Mountain freezer . The freezer is well-made , good quality , and makes wonderful ice cream . We all love it and are enjoying the ice cream . It does not come with much instruction and few recipes . My entire family is pleased with this purchase .
 The Rival White Mountain electric ice cream freezer really does make ice cream so much better than any other ice cream freezer that I have ever had . I have never eaten ice cream that was as creamy as what comes out of that freezer . Also , when the remaining ice cream was put into my chest freezer , it stayed scoopable until the last bite . I was shocked at that because with the other freezers that I have had the ice cream would get so hard that you would have to let it melt a little before you could even `` chisel '' it out . I bought this in 2008 and only maed ice cream about 2 times in 08 and 09 . I did n't even use it last year and when I got it out to use it this year -LRB- 11 -RRB- it was making such a squealing noise that I had to unplug it . I would n't recommend it to anyone !!! Too much money for such a sorry product !!
 I have used many ice cream freezer over the years . this one with the wood tub works the best .
 My father has had one of these ice cream maker for about 25 years , I got mine about 10 years ago , and just got one for my son & his wife . After trying some of the ` cheaper ' models , I went with what my Dad had and it has worked like a charm . It has never given me a bad batch of ice cream , and we make it all summer long . The only thing that I 've found with any homemade ice cream is to let it ` sit ' for about 30 minutes after the churning is done . It has a chance to harden up , and the kids always like having the dasher for a pre-taste ! I do n't think you 'll ever find a better ice cream maker - and I hope you enjoy yours as much as my family has ours !
 I have this product and made home made ice cream this summer while my grandkids were staying with me for a couple weeks . My son stopped in to say ` hi ' so I gave him a dish of the ice cream . He loved it . -LRB- Of course ! -RRB- He asked if he could please take my White Mtn . icecream maker with him when he went to the farm over the 4th of July . I said yes , gave him all the instructions that he needed and 4 hours later he 'd made his own ice cream with it . He had a birthday 2 wks . later , and that 's why I purchased another Wht . Mtn . ice cream maker -- it was a birthday gift for him ! The ice cream made from this freezer is delicious . It 's easy to make . PLUS ... There is NO comparison between boughten ice cream from the store and home made . HOME MADE is so superior ! I grew up with home made ice cream ... being made only in the winter , when Dad went out and chopped the ice from the frozen ponds while Mom put the ingredients together . We only had home made ice cream in the winter . That seems sofunny now ... it would be 50 below zero and we 'd be craving ice cream ! This is also the ice cream maker that the Catholic priest uses in a small town in N. Dak. on the 4th of July , when he provides not only the fireworks but the HOME MADE ICE CREAM for EVERY ONE in the entire town !!!
 This freezer makes the best Ice Cream ever the texture is different from any I have ever used . The motor is very strong and freezes fast without pulling down.I have made 4 batches since getting the freezer.I do not know how I would do without it now.I have been making Homemade Ice Cream for over 54 years and did not know there was so much difference in freezers or I would have bought one sooner . So far I see no down side to this product keep up the good work . AW
 We make home made ice cream almost every Sunday afternoon in the summer . Our last ice cream maker burned up due to excessive use . We are very pleased with the White Mountain Ice Cream Maker . The ice cream seemed much creamier than our other machine made . We are very happy with our purchase .
 I have always wanted a White Mountain freezer because the appearance reminds me of when I was a child , and hand-cranking a freezer of ice cream on our back porch . This freezer was well worth the wait , and worth every penny it cost ! It all proves ~ you pay for what you get !
 There is no comparison with the cheap ice cream maker that we had before . It makes better ice cream . The ice cream is well frozen , but still soft not soupy and it stays frozen in the freezer for hours after its made .
 I read other reviews with interest and after receiving my unit I saw what others where concerned about . Pay extra attention to clean up and maintance . One item
 After comparing other ice cream freezer/makers , this is the best bang for your buck . You will be glad you paid the extra money . Most other brands are to small and do not have the powerful electric motor . After two or three servings of ice cream -LRB- with a smaller quart ice cream maker -RRB- your back at it again . If you 're single , that might best fit your needs , but if your serving a family or guests you better go with the `` big dog '' . And this ice cream maker will stand up to the test . With the 6-Quart White Mountian Ice Cream Freezer , you can make as much or as little as you want . Set up is quick and easy and the instruction booklet is very straight forward and simple to follow . Follow the instruction booklet and within 20-30 min . you 'll have a great textured , blended batch of ice cream . This is a great product and would recommend it to anyone who is a novice or experienced ice cream maker . It is well worth the investment .
 Ice cream making is a tradition in my family . I searched all the local stores for a white mountain ice cream freezer before turning to the web . The first bowl of ice cream from this freezer was worth all the trouble . It was frozen to a soft serve consistency -LRB- not at all runny -RRB- in about 20 minutes -LRB- we only made 2 qts the first time -RRB- but the motor had no problem turning the crank and the ice cream was very smooth . I am the first in my family to get one with a motor but it was worth the extra -LSB- money -RSB- to be able to just turn it on and go on making dinner and have it all be ready at the same time . If you want quality ice cream and lots of it , this freezer ca n't be beat !
 I purchased this ice cream maker about 3 years ago . I grew up on watching my mom and dad make ice cream with their White Mountain Ice Cream maker and wanted one of my own . I made three batches of ice cream and then the motor started making a high screeching loud noise and I saw sparks coming from the motor ! I took the motor apart , there are only a few screws and it was n't difficult to do . After taking the motor off the gear housing , I plugged the motor in and it worked like a charm , so I knew it was n't a bad motor . There is a top and bottom to the gear housing . I took the bottom off including the gear attached to the bottom . Then I put the motor on the top gear housing and heard the noise again . -LRB- It 's not hard to hear , believe me . -RRB- The gears did not look bad and they would turn . I read on this site about some bearings under the gear that were `` toast '' on another reviewer 's site . So , I figured putting more grease on the gears and trying to get the grease under the gears to those bearings could n't hurt . That loud noise did sound like metal rubbing metal causing sparks . We applied more grease and again tested by attaching the motor to the gear housing - Worked like a charm . The only thing I can figure is that either not enough grease was applied at the factory or leaving the motor in my garage -LRB- exposed to the atmosphere -RRB- for two summers and winters did something to the grease or bearings . Anyway , I was excited to fix that problem and we made our ice cream and it was wonderful!I love the freezer because it makes such good hard ice cream . The dasher is superior . The wooden bucket is great . I 've read about others having the screeching sound from the motor . Hopefully , this application of grease fixed that problem for me and the motor will stay in my house when not in use from now on . Maybe I should purchase a hand crank for my maker just for emergencies ...
 I bough this machine to replace a recent purchase of a lesser machine that self destructed during my first batch . I 'm new at making ice cream but with all due humility , my first batch in the White Mountain product was incredible . I made a custard based mint chocolate chip and it is the best ice cream I 've ever had ! I wo n't waste your time trying to list how many ways the White Mountain machine is superior to the last machine . Leave it to say that the power of the White Mountain ice cream machine would have turned the other machine into a mix-in . Noisy ? Yes , of course . If you 're looking for quiet ice cream , open that door at the grocery store and buy that pre = packed stuff . If you 're looking for AMAZING ice cream , buy this freezer and make your own . The hardest thing about it is deciding what kind to make next .
 When I was growing up my dad had a hand crank White Mountain so I wanted to do the same for my family . I made the mistake of purchasing at least 3 off brand electric units that just would n't hold up , or not mix the ice-cream as thick as I wanted.That 's when I decided to `` invest '' $ 147 in a White Mountain 6 qt . electric back in 1983 , -LRB- do the math -RRB- and it still works , but the rings finally came off the tub , so I decided it was time to make another `` investment '' . Now I have two tanks and and a back up motor . Now I can make two kinds of ice-cream for our many outings.For Christmas , I bought one for my son in California and my sister and brother-in-law in Maumee , OH . Had them both shipped direct ! This is a gift that will keep on giving for years to come . They were thrilled when they got theirs . Making homemade ice-cream has been a tradition in our family for over 60 years . Now they can have the best ice-cream too!The important thing that I 've found is that you need lots of room for ice in the tub , and White Mountain certainly has that . Also , my White Mountain does n't stop turning until I unplug it . No more half frozen ice-cream ! White Mountain is the Rolls Royce of ice-cream makers ! Some of the best money I 've ever invested .
 This is the most incredible ice cream freezer I have ever used . I have owned and used a lot of cheap ice cream freezers over the years and they never met my expectations and never lasted very long . This ice cream freezer stirs the recipe surprisingly fast , which must keep the ice crystals from getting very large , because the result is very firm and very smooth . You can tell a lot about ice cream by the way it melts , and this does n't get all watery , it just gets softer and softer . Even after storing leftovers in the freezer for a week , it tasted perfect . Finally , homemade ice cream that is not just fun , but really good ! The only negative is it is VERY LOUD , so use hearing protection if using in a small room .
 We purchased this unit after our less expensive Rival ice cream maker died during the third use . I wasn 's thrilled about having to buy another Rival product , but this ice cream maker is so far above others we 've used that I can recommend it to anyone who has the $ $ to buy it . All metal parts , including the motor , are of heavy steel . The dashed is metal with removable wooden slats for easy clean up . It seems to be a bit quieter than most models and turns out a generous six quarts of ice cream . Now instead of eating the whole batch in a day , a batch will last a couple of days . The motor speed turns the cylinder faster than most of the models that seem to grind on and on . This gives a smoother , well-mixed ice cream . We 'll use it year-round , setting it in the kitchen sink while it runs to catch the overflow of ice/salt mixture .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00002ND6A Rival F69206-X 6-Quart Electric White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer -RSB- I have owned other electric ice cream freezers and none of those can blend and freeze the ice cream as well and as fast . I will never purchase a different brand after now having used this product . It has produced excellant results each time I have used it .
 Have used 5 times and makes fantastic ice cream as long as you follow directions . I use my machine outside because it is a little noisy and I do n't want rock salt to get on anything inside . Suggest putting burlap or towel over machine to cut down noise and keep unit ice cold .
 My daughter collects these ornaments . Typically , I pay double what I paid Amazon for these . I highly recommend them for anyone particular about their ornaments .
 You ca n't understand how fancy a spatula this is . The double rods are an extra chique feature that I was n't only surprised to find on it , I was actally relieved . I 've had several spatulas over the years , but never one that handeled nearly as easily as this little darling . The handle is more than sufficient for super de duper gripping , and I ca n't help but jump uncontrollably when I think of grilling , with it ! Really a SPRIME-O spatula -LRB- that means it 's good < g > -RRB- . I really hope you get this one if you 're in the market for a spatula , no doubt that you 'll be very pleased : -RRB-
 Nothing spectacular , simple , clean lines . Fan is pretty quiet compared to some I have had , most noticeably there is a lack of any vibration .
 Fair price , arrived quickly in good shape . It seems a little flimsy but does what it is supposed to do . It would be best to get a review after a year or so , I 've only used it a few times .
 This fan is perfect for cooling down my room at night . It is pretty quiet on the lowest setting and still moves a lot of air . It 's not that loud on the highest setting but it 's loud enough that I wont forget that it is on , and I will usually turn it down after my room cools off a bit .
 I purchased this fan because we recently had a `` heat wave '' hit us . Homes up here are rarely built w / AC so these fans come in handy . I went with the Lasko brand because I have a larger Lasko fan and it 's been great , so I know this one will be too .
 I moved from a fairly cool place to a town where it gets quite hot . I bought a couple of pricier fans to try to get the house cooled down , but nothing worked very well until I got a couple of these Lasko box fans . They sit comfortably on my window ledges , and they cool a large room quickly . So far , they have worked without a hitch , and the price is amazing . They helped me to secure a reputation as an accomplished breezologist .
 this is a good fan , a little too high in price for ME ... but I am always broke . . lol ... i wish it was a LITTLE high powered ... but all in all if you are not PICKY like me ?? ... a GREAT buy .
 I bought this fan for the scientists in our lab . It ' a nice , basic , no frills fan . It 's powerful enough to use as an exhaust fan , when extra ventilation is needed .
 I 've had 2 of these fans . One I had on in a very dusty room practically 24 hours per day , without me being a good owner and cleaning it out from time to time . Little pup lasted a year of this abuse , and just recently went dead . I 'm replacing it with the same Lasko fan coz it 's just that good . It 's quiet especially on low , and moves a lot of air on those hot days on high.This fan will not let you down .
 It 's a good fan for the price ... the snap on legs to help it stand up really do n't last , so it helps to be able to lean it against something .
 We have had this same fan for a while now and it is a great product for how inexpensive it is . We have to replace it every few years but for this price , you ca n't go wrong !
 I , like many people , have become accustomed to having a fan on when I sleep . I have had a few other fans and most have not lasted . I bought two of these a few years ago and both are working like new . I use mine and my son uses his , every night on low when we sleep . All three settings work and the fan is as quiet as a fan rapidly moving air can be . According to my kill-a-watt , this costs me approximately 11 cents to run for 24 period on low . You can calculate more from there if you would like . My fans do n't go into windows so they have n't seen a lot of moisture and i do clean them semi-annually . The only problem is like all my other fans , the legs that keep them upright on high broke long ago . I would recommend them as they run well and have pasted the test of time in my home .
 It cools the air quickly and the air is quite forceful on the highest setting -LRB- which I llike -RRB- . I would have preferred it to have metal blades and case . It 's a little wobbly when I move it around and the little plastic clips that it stands on come off sometimes.I recommend it for a small to medium room .
 MOST PLEASANT WHITE NOISE
 I live in an apartment without AC , so I bought this fan to help out . It works great as a window fan , although it is on the loud side , especially when it 's turned up to 3 . It 's fallen out of my window multiple times , but still works like it did when I first got it . It 's capable of producing a pretty big air flow , which is nice . It 's been great and done what I needed it to do . I 'd recommend it to anyone else who has no AC or who wants to cut back on the AC bill
 We do not need air conditioning in our house -LRB- short , relatively cool summers -RRB- but occasionally need to push around some air to cool the place down a bit . We have two of these fans - an older model and this new model , which we bought when we had house guests this past summer . Both work exceptionally well , and I have no reason to suspect that they wo n't for a long time to come .
 It blows ... giggity , giggity . Great white noise machine . Had it for 2 months now , still works . I 'm happy with this .
 Puts out a lot of air . It 's noisy , but not any more so than all fans of this type . I like that . White noise helps me get to sleep . These fans are well made and do what they are supposed to , which is , move air , quite well .
 We really like the way this fan -LRB- only $ 20.00 or so -RRB- cools off a large room within minutes . . No assembling of this fan like the first one I purchased at a local large chain of hardware stores which needed assembling . We like the purring of the fan cause it helps us fall asleep . As well , it came in a few days and trying to find out locally was next to impossible since we 're in Florida and all they nad were heater fans -LRB- since it 's already November -RRB-
 this fan has the abillity to circulate the air in a room so completly that with it you do n't even need air conditioning . It fits on a window sill and sucks air in from outside , or out from inside . I use it every poker night , and the cigar smoke is never a problem .
 Lasko had to recall over 5.6 million fans due to a possible motor malfunction in Feb 2006 . I 'd encourage anyone who bought a Lasko or Galaxy floor -LRB- box or pivot head ; not oscillating -RRB- between 1999 and 2004 to contact the company at www.laskoproducts The compnany will provide a special fuse plug adaptor that will ensure your continued use of your fan in a safe manner at absolutley no charge . They state it 'll take 4-5 weeks to get the adaptors but I had mine in five days.I 've used several Lasko fans in my home over the years and they 've been great ! I 've used the fuse plag adaptors supplied by Lasko w / no issue and just purchased another Lasko fan to use in my office .
 this is great for my smallish apartment , a little on the noisy side , but gets the job done . mounted in the window does a good job as an exhaust fan too .
 This is a nice light weight box fan that I use in the doorway of a bedroom at night that does n't have an air conditioner , and it pulls the air in nicely and is not too loud . Easy to move and use .
 It was an extremely hot , dry , and particularly fiery -LRB- quite literally , we 've had huge fires -RRB- in the miserable state of Colorado.Miserable as heck , I wanted to cool down without burning my wallet -LRB- heat pun ! -RRB- , and my AC can cost up to 90 dollars a month to run.I ran out to a hardware store and this was on sale , this fan was the largest at the best price , and I was n't interested in all the bells in whistles of tower fans , moving fans , etc.This fan moves air extremely well ! After I got one , I ran right back out and grabbed three more for all the basic rooms , and strategically placed them to create a perfect cross breeze in the living room.It is SO cool . I never thought much of fans , I always thought they just chopped the air , but this one proved me wrong , it really cooled me off!To people who say they saw a display and this fan did n't work , please remember , like all fans , THIS ONE HAS TO BE CLEANED OCCASIONALLY ! As dust gets on the blades , the dust slows them down and keeps the fan from running at maximum capacity . If you were seeing a display model , the likelihood is that , one , it 's in a commercial environment which is far dirtier all around than a natural residence and two there is probably no maintenance done for this fan.Lasko makes cleaning the fan a breeze -LRB- another pun ! -RRB- , just a matter of a few screws . That may be my favorite feature.I do have one complaint , this fan seems rather flimsy to me , not nearly as sturdy as my bahmas breeze metal fan , however it was much cheaper and FAR more effective than my Bahamas breeze -LRB- which feels like it does nothing -RRB- , that and I do n't really see the need for a fan to be super heavy duty . It sits in a window , not much more to it.The BEST value in a fan that you will find anywhere . At all .
 This item is fan-tastic and moves a lot of air with minimal noise . Made in the USA for those people to whom this is important.Power usagelevel 1 - low 64Wlevel 2 - med 80Wlevel 3 - high 97WI have bought similar priced store fans that use ~ 10-30 Watts and they all do n't move as much air as I would like -LRB- and were also noisier -RRB- . This fan has a more pleasing whir and moves air at the level I want . I especially recommend this for people with apartments where one room is cool , but the other room is far warmer due to lack of circulation . Since this is close to 1 inefficient light bulb in terms of power usage , I thought posting the wattages might help people decide if this fan is worth it . On the one hand I can light every corner of my apartment for less power , but it is way better than running 2 wall air conditioners . There is an excellent video review of a similar model the 3723 , and everything in that review applies to this fan minus the premium ring of plastic in the case . Also has a pretty good power factor near 1 at all 3 speeds .
 Whoever wrote the product description and used the term `` Whisper Quiet '' must have previously worked in the Boeing factory and had their hearing damaged ! However , that being said do n't be fooled by any fan marketing - no decent ones are going to quiet , by virtue of what they have to do - shifting large volumes of air mechanically is a noisy business!This is a great cheap fan from Lasko which really does what it is designed to do - move air.Open the box , snap on the plastic feet to make it stand up , plug into the wall and away you go . It has 3 speeds , selected with a knob on top , and really does shift the air , even on setting 1 . Crank it up to 3 and the really noisy fun starts.We have a few of these which we move around the house as they are so light - there 's nothing to them other than a motor with blades in a case . One in the basement has run 24/7 for months on end so far to circulate the air , with no issues.Another one I use specifically to blow air into the side of my tower to keep my old computer cool in this heatwave . It works a treat - and , unbelievably , it 's quieter than the PSU fans which now do n't even bother to kick in!Overall this is a great , cheap , simple fan that is well worth the money , and is widely available at many supermarkets and home improvement stores too at very competitive prices.Highly recommended
 I was sleeping with this kind of fan for years.My neighbors upstairs are super noisy so I had to switch to a heavy duty fan the Patton U2-2003 . You want noise ? Go with that fan.Granted the Patton is $ 57.00 but it sounds like a jet.The Lasko is a great little fan for the living room and kitchen areas where a little breeze is necessary.Not too expensive.Not too noisy.Good fan at a good price.Recommended .
 I had a similar fan for the past 12-13 years . Other than becoming seriously dirty , it performed wonderfully until it finally conked out . I bought this new at a very inexpensive price . Works great . Here 's to another 13 years .
 The fan was hard to find at this time of year , but it was priced fairly and arrived quickly . Nice job !
 Nice to see Made in the USA on the outside of the Lasko 20 '' box the fan arrived in!Delivery was before scheduled and caught me and my two cats by suprize ! Cats have nice new box to play with and I have great smooth operating and quiet cooling Lasko 20 '' box fan just the right size for my apartment . If you run it on the highest speed naturally it is a little louder . This fan delivers the goods , goods in this case being circulating cool air . Appreciate the prompt delivery also . You may wonder why the early review since having the fan only a couple hours , well the reason is I trust Lasko for a good product since my previous fan was a Lasko I have used for the last 10 years ! Motor just wore out after good work for 10 years . Thanks Lasko !
 The fan is perfect for what I was looking for . It is good quality and has 3 different speeds . It 's a bit noisy -LRB- especially on the fastest setting -RRB- which is perfect for me since half the reason I use it is to drown out the silence while I 'm trying to fall asleep . But for people looking for a quiet fan , you should probably keep looking .
 The thing comes cheap but it has very small blades which means not as much air comes out plus they smack the air so it 's louder . I have to imagine that there 's some sort of design flaw that makes it so it has to be this way , but it 's a great product none the less . It blows air in your face , therefore 4 stars .
 I 've had many cheap Lasko 's over the years . All basically the same . . rectangular steel box , 2 braces holding the motor -LRB- one end only -RRB- . The box owes its rigidity to the two plastic screen grids screwed to the front and back . All have plastic feet to help stabilize it front-to-back so it stands better from the force of air bring forced through . They typically are all 3 speed.These are mass produced , American-made -LRB- edit
 great fan , i bought 2 of them , level 3 is a bit nosier , but i normally only use 1 or 2 any way , also , i have 3 cats , all fans suck up the hair and slow down , this one is very easy to get into and clean the hair off the blades , which is a plus
 I was staying in an apartment in NY which doesnt have Air Conditioning system . This small box was a savior for me in scotching New York summers . I now get a good sleep in the nights . You can run it all day long and still it doesnt stop/get heated up/make more noise.It does make some noise but it is completely bearable . Thanks Lasko . If you are looking for a cheap and best fan , go for it . Dont waste time thinking . By the way Amazon packs this thing properly , no assembling required .
 what a nice fan , very affordable , better than the cheap ones you see these days . i would recomend lasko fans to anyone .
 I love this fan . We bought it years ago and have never had a problem with it . It 's pretty simple to figure out . It has three settings
 I ordered one after seeing the image of what appeared to be the `` Premium '' version . . I did however not receive a premium fan.This is my order overview showing the Picture I 've been seeing since ordering it -LRB- and before I ordered it -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- vs what they show now . To borrow a popular meme , `` Son I am Disappoint ! `` Honestly IF I had realized I was getting the basic model , I 'd have picked a different one -LRB- same model -RRB- that was cheaper , or the actual premium for 2 dollars more or just not bothered and got or just went to Dollar General and picked one up for less without a wait time . Returns are enough hassle -LRB- wait time -RRB- to not bother and chalk it up as a loss.The actual fan I received is not bad , it 's very loud -LRB- some say this is a plus -RRB- but it moves enough air to suffice.Lesson learned was ; Even if Amazon is selling something themselves , never trust the picture !!!
 From now on , I 'll always look for a Lasko 3733 when I need to replace a fan . I bought my first one 5 years ago and it ran 24/7 365 days a year . It took 5 years of continuous use before one of the ball bearings wore out . FIVE YEARS of 24/7/365 use ! This is a superb fan!This fan is very well balanced . It never wobbles or shakes.This fan is not a quiet as I 'd like , but then again , I want perfection and that 's not going to happen . It is quiet enough on the slow setting , and making a fan spin faster does nothing to move air faster -LRB- believe it or do n't , this is pure physics -RRB- . Cleaning of this fan is very easy . Simply remove the grill screws , then remove the grills . Then unscrew the blade holder , and pull the blades off the spindle . Wash in hot , soapy water . Replace everything , then turn it on so that it drys itself .
 This is a nice fan , very lightweight and does the job well . It is Worth the price but if you want a more durable heavy weight fan that will last over time you should buy one of the steel fans .
 I was searching for a box fan that looked reliable , and was going to push a lot of air , and not sound like a warehouse in the process ! This fan really did the trick ! This fan pushes a good amount of air , even on medium ! And , it does not make much noise!I really love this fan , it is simple , and works great ! The price rocks too ! Not much else you can ask for !
 This is a fine , basic box fan . I do n't want the fan to be too quiet , and this one is n't . The low is low , and the high blocks out other noises . I use the fan both to move air into the house and to block out white noise , and this one does the trick.But it 's a basic box fan . There is no thermostat . The three modes are not particularly ` whisper quiet ' , as I 've heard other box fans quieter and less powerful.There 's a knob on the top with three speeds and two plastic feet to help keep it from falling over.That 's all.Which is exactly what I needed , for about the cheapest price I could find here on Amazon.It 's just not really what the description notes .
 This fan works as advertised , and like any box fan makes some noise when running . I do think it 's quieter than the cheap Sears fan I bought 5 years ago , but it probably moves a little less air . Airflow is sufficient to cool a large bedroom pretty well though . I 'd recommend giving this fan a try ... anything with more airflow will become exponentially louder . I 'm not sure though that the Amazon fan at this price is much different than the Lasko fans at some large brick and motar stores for somewhat less .
 It 's a nice fan to have when the hot is here.It 's big enough , and moves nicely the air around . It takes off a lot of hot air .
 Very well constructed box fan . It could go a bit slower in the low speed setting , but it 's no big deal really . Moves the air around with a strong steady sound , which is very good for sleeping .
 These fans are extremely difficult to find in any atore when out of season -LRB- summer -RRB- It was a gift for my Pop , who not only desires the fanning aspect but the noise as well -LRB- it lulls him -RRB- . The fan came much much sooner then expected . It is and has been exactly what my Pops was looking for but afraid he 'd never find ... Excellence of night !! Thank You !!!!!
 These fans are thin and light and made completely of plastic . They are easy to move , have multi-speeds , and have enough power to cool down a large room . We bought two and like it that they work well and are easy to store .
 The other reviews are dead-on . This fan is extremely loud , albeit , the fan pushes more air into my apt than a tsunami.Very useful for droning out loud neighbors , street sounds , annoying tourists , etc ; Recommended for people in California , -LRB- or any State for that matter -RRB- that is accustomed to rolling blackouts & / or sudden heatwaves . Atleast with the low energy usage , you wo n't feel that you contribute to the blackouts in the first place.Wish I would have come across this last year.Also , the fan is aesthetically pleasing , so for all you design queens out there , the fan is the shiz-nit , FYI .
 Lasko . The name itself is awesome . People , This is the Pit-Bull of fans . I ca n't sleep with out its soft -LRB- but loud -RRB- humming . This fan is very graceful , it wooshes sloshes and juggles air and throws balls of air at your face ... This fan is great for drowning out loud noises . If you are looking for a quiet fan ... This is n't for you . This fan is Loooud . This fan has three modes.1-This is the quieter stage ... It blows just a bit . But enough to keep it cool.2-Stronger ... 3-Hurricane katrina . This is the loudest most powerful stage.This fan is n't just for cooling . On cold winter days , I place my heater infront of the fan and turn them both on and the fan propells the heat into my room ... This fan is . . GREAT !
 I have been sleeping with a box fan in my bedroom year round for many , many years and have owned several different models but this one tops them all . I can turn up my thermostat in the summer and still stay cool and comfy , in the winter it helps circulate the warm air in the house . I have a teenage son at home and when he has friends who sleep over they can be a bit noisy sometimes . However , with my Lasko fan turned on the number 2 setting I do n't hear them and my son 's bedroom is right across the hall from mine . This being said , if you are looking for a quiet fan then I suggest you buy another brand . However , if you want to lower your electric bill and block out noise then this is the one to buy . You ca n't go wrong with this Lesko !! I reccomend it highly !
 12-31-2012 , Rev-B . Paid about ~ $ 18-22 locally at ACE . I 'm mostly happy with it.I bought two of these fans , prior to the summer . One to blow and the other to suck . Not kidding ... I place one on each end of my house , depending where the coolest air is , out side , I point them so that I get real air movement . I marked them using a black sharpie with a '' + '' for blow , and '' - '' for sucking -LRB- air out -RRB- , and place them in the window sills . This works real well as long as outside air is cooler than the inside air . I have an outside thermometer near were I usually get the cool air , and another one inside . I use the lowest speed , normally . They are NOT `` whisper quite !!! `` Low , is as loud as I want a fan to be . I 'd like lower speeds -LRB- or/and the fan to be quieter -RRB- , for actually whisper quite ... Bottom line : I 'm mostly happy with it . -- It works well enough -- Its a ~ $ 18 fan , that sells for $ 20-28 -- Its not by any means quite , even on the lowest setting -- You must install the plastic feet or the fan will fall over on its own -LRB- I 'm not complaining -RRB- What I 'd change : Add one or two more speedsList the WATTAGE , for each fan speed setting -LRB- not listed on the box , on the fan , or the safety label -LRB- user required to install , w / feet -RRB- Make the fan quieter , or remove the false advertisement -LRB- it is quieter than a jet engine , and a turbo prop engine , which are both , fan-like -RRB- It get 5 stars if it was , `` whisper quite , '' as its just barely tolerable at the lowest speed ... What is still louder in my house : The fridge is sitting 3 feet behind me , and the box fan is running at the lowest speed , 3 feet to my right . I heard the fridge kick on , but the box fan is still louder than the fridges compressor . However , it quieter than my bathroom fan ... 37334 inches deep20-1 / 2 wide20-3 / 4 tall -LRB- 22-in inc / handle -RRB-
 Fan is a basic box fan and works as you would like it too . Only had it a year but seems to be durable and will last a long time .
 This is an excellent product . Sturdy , I have used it every night for at least 8 hours for the past year . It moves a large amount of air , and is very , noisy.Its electric use in minimal , which is another bonus . It is also very good for blocking out noise from neighbors.For this price , this is an excellent buy.I have never owned a better box fan , and I have purchased literally scores through the years .
 For some strange reason , I have a lot of trouble getting to sleep if this fan is n't on . It does n't matter if it 's snowing outside , this fan has to be on.I have been using it for 2 years and it still works great . I rarely use the high setting because I have a small room , but the low setting is great for sleeping because it is n't very loud.My only complaint , as will ALL fans that I 've owned , are that they get dusty rather quickly and are difficult to clean . You have to unscrew the plastic screens , wipe the fan blade , hose down the screens , and screw them pack on .
 I 've purchased a larger Lasko fan here at Amazon , and was pleased to find that this 20 '' box fan is of the same excellent quality as the larger models in the product lineThis a very sturdily constructed fan , the plastic grill is nice and thick , the control knob is also nice and sturdy and easy to turn.The fan is very quiet and moves quite a bit of air . This is a much better fan than those $ 19.99 numbers you see in stores during the summer ... so for the same price why not get the best ?
 The box fan is great and now it is even better after converting it to an air cleaner for $ 30 instead paying $ 300.1 . Buy a 20 x 20 x 1 furnace filter like this one : Filtrete 9802DC-6 Micro Allergen Reduction Filters , 1000 MPR , 20 x 20 x 1 , 6-Pack .2 . Attach the filter to the back of the box fan using four cable ties .3 . Follow the arrows for air flow direction .4 . The filter cleans your air and prevents dust from sticking to the fan .5 . Remember to replace the filter after a few months.Enjoy cleaner air !
 I have been using these fans for the stalls in our horse barn for years . It keeps the flies away and cools down the whole barn . The barn is dusty and the fans collect a lot of dirt . I wash them down each year and they are like new . The fans I have now are on their third barn year . In a normal house I 'm sure they would last forever . They are a little noisy , but the horses do n't care .
 I 've had many `` bottom end '' Lasko 's over the years . All basically the same . . rectangular steel box , 2 braces holding the motor -LRB- one end only -RRB- and a 5 bladed fan . The box owes its rigidity to the two plastic screen grids screwed to the front and back . All seem to have plastic `` feet '' to help stabilize it front-to-back so it stands better from the force of air being forced through . They typically are all 3 speed.Lasko 's are mass produced , American-made fans retailed widely at many outlets , at least in the USA . . usually larger chains . . during warm seasons . They normally retail for $ 15-20 and represent excellent value at that price . If you order by mail and have to pay shipping , much value is lost . -LRB- this particular offering sells 3 units so the shipping is shared to bring the per-fan cost to around $ 25 each . . assuming of course you can use 3 fans -RRB- Over the years , I 'd say they average 3-6 years or more of regular use -LRB- many thousands of hours -RRB- Their mode of failure is usually shaft support failure ... . they just get so they wo n't `` go '' when powered on . Of the many brand names I see on these box fans , I believe the Lasko is the BEST quality and longest serving . . they are designed and made in the USA.Good points * they are cheaper than virtually any other option -LRB- except a few other similar clones . . they all are basically identical . . they often are offered as `` promo '' or `` loss leaders '' at the `` big box stores '' for under $ 20 each -RRB- * barring physical damage they work quite well for many years . * they CAN move a lot of welcome cooling air !! * the most reliable of the box-fan suppliers in my experienceMinor `` problems '' . . * BIT loud on HIGH -LRB- not unreasonably so . . when you move this much air , it makes noise . . the fan itself is quiet -RRB- * plastic blades snaps rather abruptly if a child or whatever sticks something into the blades while its on -LRB- at least I 've had this happen once . . not sure if all blades are that brittle . . I snapped blades from another unit onto it and it served a long life -RRB- * the design is not `` efficient '' if you need truly forced air pressure due to lots of `` leakage '' front to back around hte blades . . Lasko makes a shrouded fan at a higher price which would be much better in that applicationLasko 20 '' Weather-shield W Thermo * The narrow width make them VERY prone to falling over -LRB- even with the plastic `` feet '' attached -RRB- . . I do n't think I have had a one that has n't fallen over several times . . luckily they are rarely damaged by this . You should just plan on putting it where you can `` lean '' one edge of it 's intake side against somethingI see no mention of power consumption in the product specs , but they seem to use about 90 watts -LRB- all of them have power usage tags on them . but you 'd have to have the unit to look at it -RRB- At average USA power cost -LRB- 9-15 cents/kwhr -RRB- they are cheap to operate.All in all I RECOMMEND THE UNIT if you can get it for the $ 15-20 range -LRB- watch for sales or `` loss leader '' values too -RRB- . It is worth noting that the above `` weather-shield '' thermo-controlled unit -LRB- which is a considerably better fan in construction , water resistance , and air movement -RRB- . . the thermo control may be a plus to you , but I just turn it off or on as needed -RRB- is a `` good value '' especially if you 're having it shipped as it is only a couple of dollars more than this one -LRB- as shipped -RRB- and includes free super-saver shipping IF YOU NEED it shipped!If you plan to use it in areas or where it will be exposed to some water now and then , you probably should go for the above-mentioned `` weather shroud '' unitLasko 20 '' Weather-shield W Thermo ... made to sit in a window and survive the occasional rain storm . In that case the thermo control could be more valuable for unattended operation .
 This three speed box fan by Lasko is exactly the way it is advertised here . It comes already assembled so setup is a breeze -- just remove it from the box , set it up on a table and turn it on ! The three speeds all operate relatively quietly and the fan gets the air circulating rather quickly.The price is right for what you get
 This fan is very , very loud , and moves an incredible amount of air -LRB- I 'm planning on contacting the manufacturer to see just how much -RRB- . It 's very nice , and I 'd imagine it would be very comfortable , should I use it for room cooling.I do n't use it for room cooling , however . It is tied to my computer so that it blows totally into the case . It has lowered the ambient temperature in my case by over 20F and lowered the temperature of my processor by about 8F .
 My concern while purchasing this fan was air flow . Needed a substitute air conditioner for the summertime . Needed something that could create alot of air movement to suck in the cool air at night , and something that could be aimed at me could cool me off during the day , and this fan achieves that for it 's lower price . Box fans are great , place then in a window and they 'll cool a room down in no time . It is not a quiet fan like the ultra quiets on the market today but it is not as loud as those turbo jet fans . It has a normal good size fan noise that I do n't find irritating . Other than that , you really do n't need the foot attachments . I placed on the desk , turned on high and it did not fall over . So , to conclude it is a good solid fan for a reasonable price when your main concern is air flow .
 i have for over two years the lasko box fan that i use in bedroom and it works very well , but being an idiot when i came to amazon to order another one i was too lazy to look up my old order and ordered this one becuse `` it looks the same '' . its not . the 3723 model from two years ago is fabulous . . really cools a mid size room . this newer model you have to be within 2 feet to even feel any aire . buy the 3723http : / / www.amazon.com/Lasko-20-Inch-Premium-Box-3-SPEED/dp/B000HHJ2I2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1344856518&sr;=8-1&keywords;=lasko+3723
 what else can I say ?????????????? What else can I say?What else can I say?What Else can I say ?
 Powerful and silent . What I mean by silent is that you can not hear the fan . You can hear the enormous air flow , and that is loud set on full . So , do we get mad at the fan for doing exactly what is is supposed to do ? No ! Great fan
 Pro : * Solid construction * Moves a lot of airCon : * Little loud , would not suggest for bedroom fan.Energy Use -LRB- test with killawatt meter -RRB- : Low = 60wattMed = 70wattHigh = 80watt
 This fan is definitely loud . However , I do n't mind it because it moves a lot of air and keeps me cool , which is especially important in the 100 + degree weather in the desert summer of Southern California.Oh , and the price was n't bad , either .
 For years , hubby and I have bought Lasko fans to keep in our bedroom . This is our third one.We use it to keep the air circulating and for the white noise to help me sleep.None of the three that we 've owned have had any whining , squeaking , rattling or weird noises . Just a nice , smooth hum.It does blow hard.The first one died because I let it get too dusty . The second one lasted for 7 years and I only replaced it because my son needed a fan and I wanted a shiny new one for myself .
 Well , to be fair , the fan does what it 's supposed to do and that is to cool the place down very well . Unfortunately , even at it 's lowest speed being 1 , it sounds louder than most fans do on their highest setting ! I am one of those types that always has to have a fan on in both my bedroom and living room 365 days a year , so I have had a lot of different types of fans throughout the years . I guess I can get conditioned to how loud it is , but I hope it drowns out my neighbors cursing to themselves about how obnoxious it sounds . Oh , by the way , if you 're looking to test flight a small plane and need a wind tunnel in a pinch , try this fan on it 's highest setting and enjoy the flight ! Just bring your ear protectors ! : -RRB-
 I 've had this great little fan since 2000 and it still works great ! I do n't know if it 's still in production , but it was an excellent value !
 i loved this fan from the minute i purchased it . although this is not my first purchase of this product , it is the first time i purchased one online . i would never purchase any other fan than the lasko box fan , it is cheap to operate , durable and puts out a lot of cfm . in the dead of summer i lay in front of it and what a breeze it puts out to keep you nice and cool .
 We like to use fans to move air and block sound . We have five fans in the house . Sometimes we put a fan by a drummer during practice . Other times we move heated air -LRB- wood stove -RRB- from one room to the other . Sure , you can find fans seasonally in retail stores but not all year long . Amazon makes fan available anytime ! I like this fan because it has ben reliable and it is made in the U.S. by Lasko . The speed knob works perfectly . There are no strange noises or vibrations . I expect the fan to last for years . In fact , I have one in the attic , circulating air around a skylight shaft . It runs 24/7 and has not given me any problems . Buy this one with confidence . OH , and Lasko has three US manufacturing plants in U.S. Nice .
 Works great ! If you are looking for a fan that is powerful and would keep the room cool then go for this ! the price is great too . only thing is that at the max spped i.e. 3 , the fan makes a motor engine sound , but I guess that is obvious and very difficult to prevet . But from me , Its THUMBS UP !!
 This fan is doing an excellent job of pulling in the cooler morning air into my house down here in hot Florida.It has much more power than the similarly priced and smaller fans that I have.Also , the adverising makes the claim that it 's whisper quiet ; Fortunately , that 's not accurate . There is a strong smooth white noise that drowns out most of the extraneous and annoying noise in the house and outside.Honeywell used to make fans with this much power that were smaller and could be tilted and that costs around $ 15.00 . Those were 5 star fans . The Lasko 3733 is a solid 4 star fan .
 The Lasko fan really circulates the air and cools off the room . It came in one day with regular shipping .
 I love this fan . It blows tons of air is a a little noisy so it would n't be good to use if you were watching tv , but it 's great for sleeping if you like the noise . It 's very easy to clean and maintain .
 Great fan ! Really produces good air and it pretty stable on the feet that is provided . Makes a good amount of noise -LRB- which i love -RRB- because it drowns out neighbor noise . Works great in a window or just on any table . If you are looking for a big time fan , get this one .
 There is alot of wind power packed in this fan and thats why I love it soo much . I have no complaints !
 This has proven to be an adequate replacement for our previous fan which we had for at least 8 years . We had no problems setting it up and have been using it for a little over a month . We use it at the top of the stairs to help even out the temperature between the first and second floors in our house . It also provides a little white noise for the kids at night . I actually wish it was just a little louder than it is .6 / 21/2010 The fan is no longer working . I do n't know why , although I strongly suspect my three year old son may have done something to it leading to its demise . Bought another one at the bulls eye for $ 5 less . We 'll see how long it lasts . I 'll update eventually .
 The Lasko fan is cheap Chinese import . It functions fine so far -LRB- one month -RRB- and is a good deal -LRB- except for the American worker -RRB- .
 strong , lightweight , and quiet.i wanted a strong fan for my RV . it get 's pretty stuffy in there on hot days . i did n't want to spend more than $ 20 . the plastic grill on the front/back does feel a little brittle . as i mentioned , the fan is strong yet light-weight and quieter than i thought it would be.it was delivered to my front door in 4 days . 4 out of 5 stars because of the brittle grill .
 Its pretty fast and strong wind compared to another box fan i have . I am very pleased with the product and the time it took to recieve it was outstanding . It also runs very quiet . Keep up the great work .
 This thing showed up 3 days early , and works as good as any 17 $ fan should . I am happy , and would buy again if I needed another one .
 The fan arrived in perfect condition . I still can not believe how fast it shipped and arrived at my house . Works like a charm . I could n't be happier .
 This fan is very inexpensive and works great ! It arrived quickly , and exactly as described ! If you need a good , cheap box fan , this one fits the bill !
 I am very pleased with the product and the time it took to recieve it was outstanding . It also runs very quiet . Keep up the great work . I willbe definitely be ordering again soon.SincerelyMr . James C. Moore
 Both the fan and the company that sold it are excellent . I got good communication and fast dellivery . The fan itself is well made and will do the job for a long time . There was a recall on some of the companies products -LRB- which did n't apply to mine -RRB- and I was notified quickly and given such a thorough description and explanation that I did n't have to do any guess work as to whether or not my fan was involved . No ambiguity or hedging . just straight talk . overall a good experience .
 inexpensive fan , works just fine . i bought this for white noise when i sleep , and it makes a consistent whirring sound which suits my noise needs just fine . moves air too , but since that is not what i use it for , i can not speak for it 's abilities at that task.side note , the fan came packed only in it 's original box , and the first one was cracked and broken . i sent it back , got another , and , and , and ... the second one was broken also . it did n't affect the fan really , so i called amazon , got a 10 dollar credit , and kept it . they said they would be flagging the company , whatever that means . never a problem with returns etc at amazon . but since this is a review of the product , not the packaging , there is no star reduction .
 Well it 's a fan , it blows air . Pretty simple as that . It 's not quiet , it 's pretty loud as well but I did n't care , I just had to replace a burnt out box fan .
 It looks well , though not very refined . If there is a timing device , it will be a better product . In addition , the foot of the fan is not well designed .
 The fan is powerful , it will be great if a mechanism can be built to adjust the fan angle from ground .
 I was looking for a box fan to cool down my apartment ; quite simply , this guy does the job . Having used older ` passed down ' box fans in the past , I 've never actually purchased one before . The ones I 've had in the past were quite old , rusted , and flimsy - I 've been in the need of an upgrade . So far , I 've been very pleased with this model . I immediately noticed the improved quality of the frame and fan efficiency . Come fall , I usually place these on the interior window sill to bring in cooler air - thus saving money on air conditioning . My only complaint would be that sometimes it falls over - this is easily resolved by carefully positioning the fan and/or moving to a different surface -LRB- e.g. it tends to fall over more easily on carpet than wood -RRB- . Said and done , this guy is powerful and worth the money ; so far I 'm happy with my purchase .
 Replace the same model which we had used continuously for 5 years . That is saying a lot in the tropics . They are good fans . Lightweight , moves the air and reliably works .
 We purchased these to place in back bedroom when little grand daughters visit . It is ideal for nap time in the summer . Easy to position to keep air moving in a room that used to be stuffy . Safe plastic grill keeps little hands from danger . Quiet operation . this is the second purchase of these in the past two years and have no problems with the 4 we own .
 I 'm going to start this off with a conclusion I believe my internet research supports . 70-watts vs. 170-watts . Lasko vs. Comfort Zone . Please correct me if I 'm wrong.I 've never even seen a Comfort Zone box fan . CVS , Home Depot , Safeway , and Target only ever displayed this awesome fan . I 'm on my second unit . My first 20-or so dollars lasted 3 years . It was used quite often.I have a young English Bulldog now , who basically lives in my room . He overheats easily , so I never leave him without level 1 going . I flip it to 3 after our walks , and he has knocked it over more than a few times . I prop it up/support it with whatever I think he wo n't try to gnaw on.These things seem to die from old age , not wear and tear.Pros
 This fan works perfect in the window . If fit nicely on a small window sill . It 's quite and works perfect for out Florida weather .
 I own three of these MODEL 3733 . . Two of them run nearly 24/7 during the long hot Vegas summer . . I purchased them at walgreens for much less ... I read the one star reviews and decided to write a review ... Pros -- With minimal care , they run -LRB- for me -RRB- 4 years nearly non stop ... They are inexpensive ... They STONGLY blow air ... my model has three speeds . The low speed is fairly quiet and still moves plenty of air , nice for winter months ... On high they move alot of air and are loud and block all noise . Good for condos or townhomes and for bad sleepers that need loud white noise to sleep ... They are inexpensive to run . About 50 cents for 24 hours of use . . they are light weight . . If I tilt it just right it will turn my ceiling fan that is 6ft away , slowly , but OMG for free ... CONS -- They must lean against something , like door way or wall . . The stand is not strong enough to hold them up on high speed and short cord ... I could not get through a summer without this product and A/C ... and three ceiling fans ... and a fan on that hot a * s 52 inch plasma and smaller fans for windows ------ UPDATE ------- I PURCHASED MY FANS YEARS AGO ... I SAW THE FAN LASKO IS SELLING NOW AT MY LOCAL WALGREENS ... SAME BOX , SAME STYLE BUT SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT , SMALLER . NOT THE SAME AS THE THREE I PURCHASED YEARS AGO ... HAS THE SAME MODEL NUMBER ... IM AT A LOSS BUT VERY HAPPY WITH MY FANS ...
 I bought this fan on Amazon after the one I used for three years finally died . The fan itself is by no means quiet however most people can sleep with it on the low setting . The fan shakes a little , even on low , and will fall over if placed directly on fluffy carpet . The best part of this fan is the amount of air moves . While other fans may be quieter this one produces a nice breeze that can be felt 15-20 feet away on low . I never use the highest setting , its powerful enough to blow t-shirts across the floor . If amazon is offering it get SUPER SAVER SHIPPING . -LRB- the free shipping option -RRB- though amazon said it would be 5-7 days mine arrived in about 36hrs . -LRB- Annapolis MD area -RRB- Overall great fan but dont buy it if your worried about a low pitched hum while youre trying to sleep .
 i was surprised about how well this cheap fan works.face it it 's cheap . but this fan runs at 2500 cfm so it moves a pretty good amount of air.most of the box fans only run between 2100 to 2150 cfm.there have been some complaints about the feet but if you take a hammer and lightly tap them on till they click in place they will work fine.most people try to put them on by hand and do n't get them on all the way and then they break.also there been some complaints about the front sheild rubbing against the fan blade . this is from them stacking them on top each other in the warehouse.it 's a simple fix just take a hair dryer and heat up the sheild while pulling out on it till it do n't rub anymore.or just take the 6 screws out remove the sheild lay it on a flat surface.pile some books on it and leave it sit overnight or you can use a hair dryer on it.all box fans can have this problem not just this one.just do n't ever bend on the blades this will knock the fan out of balance.causing it to shake and will interfere with the amount of air volume it produces.also the newer fans have a fuse in the plugs so check the plug out if your fan just stops working on you before you disgaured the fan . its a simple fix just replace the plug .
 I bought this fan after my 10 year old fan finally died on me . I use it every single night for at least 8 hours and it works beautifully . The sound is perfect for someone who uses it to cover up outside noises while sleeping or for the white noise effect . I would highly recommend this product .
 No one else sells a fan in winter even though it is 80 degrees some places in november . It 's a fan . It works . End of story .
 This fan is awesome ! It is relatively inexpensive , powerful and always helps put us and our baby to sleep ! Only had a problem once -LRB- we buy two new ones a year -RRB- , when the motor emitted some funky smell upon first use . But shopping with Amazon made it easy , they sent me a new one before I even returned the defective one all free of shipping charges .
 This is a very pretty Baroque style Magic Blind . It makes it very easy to have blinds using a regular curtain rod .
 The magic blinds are the best since sweetbread . They are fast and easy to hang and prevent sun rays on my couch .
 I love my magic blinds . I ordered 2 . They were shipped seperately for this order ... one was broken at the top , but it still works . I opted not to send it back but to keep it anyway.This is my 2nd set of magic blinds and they are just great !!
 This is yet another addition to oxo 's new steel line where the handle is steel with a rubber edge and fins . It works well and is quality made as all other oxo products , the only thing i find is that the head seems to be a bit oversived in proportion to the handle and spatula arm . But still , overall i am pleased and do reccommend it .
 I 've owned this for about a year after having literally tossed out the Black & Decker Gizmo Grater I had purchased and owned for barely 2 weeks . It 's a simple `` microplane '' style grater , pretty much , which shreds cheese more than it grates -LRB- Not too fine -RRB- quickly and easily . The grip is perfect for no slip grating . It works well on hard cheese , carrots , and plenty of other things . I 've even used it to grate cheddar -LRB- refrigerate it first ! -RRB- and it worked great . To clean it , I just knock it one time against the sink to get the excess out -LRB- It never sticks -RRB- and put it in the dishwasher . The knocking has n't hurt it a bit . Unlike the Gizmo , this does exactly what it 's supposed to ! Epecially at the new Clearance price of less than $ 9 , I certainly recommend it .
 I got tired of dragging out my trusty box grater to do small jobs like grating nutmeg , ginger or Parmagiana Reggiano so I picked this little gem up . It feels good in your hand -LRB- no surprise there ... it 's what Oxo is known for -RRB- is well-made and cleans up beautifully ... every time . It is so easy now just to grab this guy and grate what needs to be grated that I find I am using whole spices more and more . Grab yourself one of these ... you 'll love it !
 perfect for grating ginger , garlic -LRB- better than garlic presses -RRB- , and smaller batches of parmesan cheese . not good as citrus zester . had this product for 6 years and has not worn out one bit . great grips on the handle makes it easy to hold the grater when handling slippery food .
 This is a good quality grater but most OXO products are excellent quality in the first place ! It is nice and sharp and the grips on the handle provide for easier grating !
 Like other Oxo stainless steel spatulas , this one is excellent . It has just a little rubber/silicone to make the grip comfortable . It 's very sturdy stainless steel . No problems cleaning it in the dishwasher . Perfect for serving things out of trays -LRB- like prepared foods from Costco -RRB- or from pyrex or metal pans . Maybe a little large for serving brownies unless you like really big brownies .
 This is the best product going round I bought three just in case they go out of style I had looked every where for these
 Has all sorts of uses and good quality typical of OXO . I initally cringed at some of the prices for their equipment but I 've never had a piece break yet so felt justified in purchasing what seems to be another great kitchen utensil .
 I just love it.It works the way I wanted it to and picks up all that needs to be picked up . Thanks so much .
 i have many utensils from this line , and just like the rest , this piece work beautifully . my only advise is do n't wait for food to get stuck before washing , instead giving it a rinse as soon as your done with it , as food tends to stick really well to it , requiring a soak later . there is also a real nice looking stainless bucket for these to set on your counter top for around $ 20 , and the bottom -LRB- oxo plastic -RRB- comes off for easy cleaning . i love my set !
 Wow . This is one sturdy metal spatula ! It fits the hand well , and could easily scrape paint without suffering damage . The all-stainless-steel construction makes it a long-term investment in utensil satisfaction . It 's just right for cutting and serving portions of anything baked in a deep-dish casserole pan , from lasagna to brownies to gingerbread-peach-upside-down-cake . The vendor transferred the item into our hands on time and undamaged , and even allowed us to participate in one of Amazon 's very attractive low-or-no-freight-charged shipment arrangements , which keeps us coming back to the big `` A '' for competitive prices and savings over shopping at a `` bricks & mortar '' establishment.Besides saving us from shopping-induced migraines , shopping at Amazon.com creates an event-filled queue of delivery `` visits '' from a variety of parcel services ; staying home has never been so much fun !
 Like other OXO products , the OXO STEEL LASAGNA TURNER is a high-quality kitchen tool . It is made of heavy-gauge stainless steel , has a solid , comfortable-to-hold handle , and is built to last a lifetime . Basically , it is an appropriate serving tool for lasagna , sheet cake , brownies , or anything else that you bake in a single layer in a large , flat baking pan.The lasagna server has smooth -LRB- not serrated -RRB- edges . Unlike theOXO SteeL Pie Server , it wo n't double as a portion-cutting tool . However , it is an excellent wide spatula that is flexible but still stiff and sturdy enough to pick up and serve heavier foods like lasagna . The flat `` blade '' of the server measures 2-1/4 '' wide by 4-1/4 '' long .
 Okay , I know this is a lasagna turner , but it is great for cookies , AND for cooking in cast iron . The turner has a nice weight , and fits really well in my hand .
 This spatula is just the right length to be useful for almost everything . I use it to scramble my eggs , cook burgers , and bake . It is the perfect size and very well built .
 This item is a reorder . I usually order in pairs for multiple houses . I am really satisfied with the heft of this item and the only person to wear it out was my wife doing a lot of cooking
 I bought it with the iron grill ... It works great . The handle is nice and comfortable . The only thing is that i do wash it right a way , no dishwasher . if not , i think , it would stain . But I am happy with the buy .
 I bought this spatula to use with my cast iron pieces and I love it . I use it almost every day .
 I love using it just not on non stick pots . seems to be of good quality product IF you looking for a spatula - then get this one . you will love . I saw mine at a store and then ordered on amazon : -RRB-
 My kitchen consistently have the cheap-o utensils -LRB- which I am growing weary of -RRB- . So from improved spatulas to an improved turner . The quality of this is awesome and should work wonderfully for years to come -LRB- BTW I have not used it with Lasagna at all yet - cakes , brownies , and others is where I use it -RRB- .
 This is a great item . It is a little smaller than I thought but it works great . I would purchase it again .
 It is like all Oxo gadgets a great kitchen tool . I love it so much , I have two of them . Very easy to use .
 Cleans up well and works great . I also thought it was a good value with the 3 for 4 promotion .
 I have bought this twice . I lost my first one while moving after owning it for about 5 years . I 'm about 2 years into my OXO Steel Lasagna Turner # 2 . I have thought about buying a bunch more in case they ever stop making it . I want to have this in my kitchen my whole life ! - It 's wide and can be used to pick-up large things that usually break when you flip them , like fried eggs or pancakes.-Cuts into food really well ; a little sharp around the edges.-This is really good for browning meat . It 's thin , so I find it keeps the golden brown on my chicken or burgers rather than leaving the good stuff on the pan.A true multi-purpose tool in the kitchen .
 I use this with my cast iron cookware and it does a great job keeping the cooking surface smooth and clean as I 'm cooking .
 We love these - we have 3 of them so we always have one clean ! They work great and clean up very well .
 OXO Steel 59891 Lasagna TurnerSuperb quality , good feel . I would like more stiffness in the `` blade '' for flattening ` burgers . It 's a very good size for general use -LRB- a more useful size , I think , than most turners or spatulas -RRB- .
 I am a very very VERY picky person when it comes to spatulas ... . after moving in with my boyfriend I actually drove back home and got my old spatula from my parents house because the ones he had did not suffice . This spatula meets all my needs . I got one for my parents but did n't want to steal too much from them so I decided to buy my own but I have used it for tiramisu serving , lasagna serving -LRB- its technical purpose -RRB- , making omelettes , flipping pancakes , flipping over easy eggs ... . it works for literally everything because of its length and width and ease of the shorter handle to maneuver ! GET IT !
 for the job . After 3 hours of preparation and cooking , you hate to see your masterpiece destroyed at the critical moment . This handy little utensil is just right . By the way , it works fine for lots of other tricky dishes , including the always hard-to-handle 6 layered chocolate doberge -LRB- N'awlins ' std birthday -RRB- cake .
 I really like to use this spatula . It has just the right amount of flexibility and is just about the perfect size . Just two complaints . First , it is made in China , so Oxo should pass some of their savings on to us customers . Second , water can get into the handle , causing corrosion over time . One of my previous spatulas broke just inside the handle last week , so I am having to replace it .
 It 's everything I was hoping for . Perfect size and stiffness and works great with my cast iron skillet . Seems to be well made so it should last for a long time .
 This `` lasagna turner '' is larger than average and thus very useful for all types of cooking . Being all steel , it will last a lifetime . The cost is very affordable . I saw the cook using a similar utensil when seating at a Japanese restaurant table/cooktop . I immediately saw the utility of employing such tool . Now I can not cook without one . The process of pan frying onions , for instance , was always a pain with a conventional large spoon . With the straight edged `` lasagna turner '' , one can scrape continuously the frying pan hottest area , thus preventing sticking and unwanted caramelizing of the onions . BTW , `` lasagna turners '' are very hard to find in stores . I am glad I found this product at Amazon.com .
 This is a nice Turner . I use it as a spatchula . I bought some other Oxo kitchen tools and they are of a very nice quality too .
 Another well made Oxo item , billed as a lasagna turner but can be used for many chores .
 This is a very good item . The handle is comfortable to hold and the turner its self if flexible enough that it works very well to pick up or turn things .
 Wanted a flexible thin stainless turner with a flat edge for my cast iron skillet here in UK . Believe it or not nobody sells such a thing in euroland.The traditional turners of well known brand with wooden handles are not importable . Not sure why but I guess the wood is not allowed in EU trade area ? Perhaps someone can enlighten us . In Europe you can only buy thick stiff , slotted stainless steel turners with rounded ends or plastic equivalents . Neither are good for maintaining a good surface on a skillet . However this OXO was importable -LRB- but not sold locally . -RRB- Postage was worth it and now everyone wants to know where I got it . Never use it for lasagna , not sure why you would want to but perfect for general use on a skillet .
 This brand is amazing . I like the weight of the handle and the turner is a great proportional size.It does the job !
 It 's nice and substantial , with a great feel to it ! Very handy . I use it for much more than lasagna ; it 's especially good for getting cookies off the sheet after baking because of it 's thin front .
 Sure had not yet been used to &#34; turn lasagne &#34; . It has turned other foods ; however , it is great to puch thing around in a skillet , to pick ups food from a tray , and to scrape off foods stuck in the pan.It is the very best turner I 've ever used .
 OXO SteeL Lasagna Turner is the perfect size and weight for serving Lasagna also even the right size for flipping pancakes when I use my 10 inch SS skillet . Will purchase anotherI recommend
 I use the frying pan a lot , and the too-huge turners are very annoying - this one is absolutely perfect , and is my instant favorite!It just works fantastic , there is nothing else that can be said !
 This is a great versatile pattern . I was not sure about ordering missing pieces from my china set through Amazon , but I was very pleased with the packaging . It arrived on time and in perfect condition .
 We 've been using this device for over 2 years now and it does make a difference in the water . We live in a nice suburb with city water that is relatively good in quality . I never noticed it before , but since we started using the filter , I can smell the chlorine and other chemicals in the sink tap water compared to my shower . My wife has very sensitive skin and decided to try this . We have not seen noticeable improvement , but hope it has helped her skin condition and improved our overall health . If I had concrete results , I would have given it 5 stars .
 This is the first of several OXO SteeL utinsels I ordered , and I 'm very eager to receive the rest of them too . It 's with great pleasure that my old mismatched tools will be sent to live at Good Will .
 Ok , cmon now . It 's a ladle and works well . I own the extire oxo steel line and am pleased with all the products under this line . They all perform their function well and with style . And they are also very comfortable to use thanks to the famous oxo nonslip rubber handle/fins .
 Yes , It is Just A Ladle , But A VERY HANDY ONE INDEED !!!!! I find myself using this ladle just about everyday , than in the dishwasher and on to tomorrows pot . It is a great quality tool that I am sure to use a lifetime ...
 Very good , nice , large and heavy ladle . Good quality , this should last a lifetime . The only negative is the handle somehow feels too big or chunky in my hand . But it works ...
 Could n't ask for a better ladle . It is comfortable in the hand , doesexactly what it 's supposed to do , and then rinses clean , or goesin the dishwasher .
 I love this ladle . It looks nice and is comfortable to use . My hand does n't get burned holding the handle to stir the pot . Other ladles I have have metal handles , or metal rivets . Ouch ! I can not believe that ladles and other utensils of that nature are even on the market ! I also have cheap plastic ones which looks corny when I am trying to be a little more formal.The rubbery , plastic handle of this one melted when I left it in the pot and later the handle completely broke in two - and not because of the melted plastic , but because of faulty bolts inside that hold it together . I am thinking I just had a faulty one because my matching spatula is holding up fine.But , I am getting another one anyway because I like it better than any other ladle I have ever had . I have grieved its loss for over a year now and have been looking for a suitable replacement . Could n't find one anywhere I have been looking - and I have been looking ! I checked on Amazon for this one and am so glad to find it here . I just will be extra careful to not leave it in the pot !
 Oxo has another winner . Handle is great and non-slip . Well made and has provided taste soup , stew and chili from the kettle to bowl with charm and good looks .
 It 's very sturdy and great overall . It has a good handle weight , but the spoon is very big . Just be aware .
 I purchased many OXO utensils for my elderly parents after reading reviews . My mom had a stroke affecting her dominant side and my father has a tremor on his dominant side . Both found the utensils easy and comfortable to hold .
 I 've been rating all the SteeL utensils 5 stars as they work nice , feel substantial and comfortable and give me the impression they 'll be around my kitchen for a long time . This ladle fits in with the rest of the tools I picked up .
 We finally replaced ours after 10 or so years . This is wonderful , sharp , easy to handle , and a good buy .
 ONE OF THE BEST CAN OPENERS I HAVE USED . I RECOMMEND THIS CAN OPENER TOEVERYONE , ESPECIALLY PERSONS WITH HAND PROBLEMS AND ESPECIALLY THE ELDERLY.VERY EASY TO USE .
 What can I say . It 's so nice to own items that work smoothly and well .
 This is an excellent product . It 's very easy to use , especially useful for older people who may have arthritis or people with weaker fingers .
 This is by far the easiest to use and clean and operate can opener I have ever used . It opens wide for cleaning , takes minimal effort to use and works flawlessly . I know it is expensive but it sure saves your arms , hands , shoulders and mind !! compared to others out there . You do not have to struggle like some others to get them to work , if at all . Very efficient and enjoyable to use and easy to clean . Looks nice and is relatively lightweight .
 The OXO Steel 58081 can opener is simply the best . It opens cans of all sizes with incredible ease , and is very gentle on my hands . I have arthritis , and many can openers are downright painful to use . This one is far and away the very best I 've ever tried . I purchased it to replace an old Swingline , because everyone should have a manual can opener for when the power fails , but I 've found it to be so good that the electric can opener is unnecessary .
 The handle on this can opener makes it very easy to open cans ... turns very smoothly and very comfortable to use ... thank you ...
 I would highly recommend that everyone buy this can opener ! I have been married 28 years and we still have our original Swingback can opener - but it is starting to show its age -LRB- as are we : - -RRB- I wanted one that would be easier on our wrists since we are getting older and this one is incredible !! Super comfortable to use and sharp - PLUS dishwasher safe . The best of the best ! If you buy it , I promise you wo n't regret it .
 I replaces my electric opener for this one . LOVE it . Washes easily and easy on my wrist !
 It opens cans easily , the handles are comfortable , it 's dishwasher safe , and it does n't require any electricity to operate . Hard not to like at this reasonable price !
 finally , a can opener that does n't wimp out in the middle of opening a can . actually sharp and does its job , no sticking , no superhuman effort necessary to operate it . A +
 This can opener has been been my saving grace now that I have a touch of arthritis .
 I 'm lovin ' this . It was definitely worth the money . Works like a charm . No struggling . Easy turning .
 THIS CAN OPENER IS ERGONOMIC WHICH MAKES IT EASY TO USE . SO FAR NO PROBLEM.Oxo SteeL Can Opener
 Very easy to handle , large grips , takes little pressure to keep it in place , easy to turn , does n't slip . I 've owned this one for about two months now and no sign of it having any of the difficulties I 've had with other can openers , manual or electric .
 you would n't think a good can opener would make a huge difference from one you could get at a dollar store , but trust me , it can ! This can opener is great , I would highly recommend it .
 Great , heavy duty can opener that opens the cans that the junk from the discount stores wo n't open . I love it . A little expensive , but worth the money .
 After using many many junky can openers I spent the money on something worth it and i like it . Solidly put together and can also open my beer bottles !
 If you are like me , you have likely tried several can openers and most of them have likely been of the electric variety . Stop searching right now and pick up this Oxo Steel Can Opener . With this can opener you will not be taking up space on the counter and you will not need multiple attempts to open up a can . This opener gets it right almost every time and on the first try . It does not take much strength and it is simple for just about anyone to turn the handle.The grips are sturdy and there is no slippage when opening cans . It gives a smooth edge/cut . I know it 's difficult to rave about something so simple , but sometimes it 's the simple things that matter . My only complaint would be a simple one
 Best hand held can opener I ever had . Seems to be well made and hopefully it will last a long time . Very satisfied .
 I always brought the cheap 5 to 7 dollar opener . They would break after awhile and after my last one broke I decided to purchase a high quality one . In general I do n't have a problem spending a few more bucks if I 'm getting a good , solid , high quality tool . I took a deep breath and spent more than double the highest price I have ever paid for an opener . I can say I 'm very happy I purchased this one as it has not failed me at all , not even in the slightest way . Clicks onto the can nicely , hds it perfect and I never struggle with turning the gear . I highly recommend this opener . It has become a very useful and dependable kitchen tool . Thank you to all the other reviewers as that 's why i took such a leap of faith . I purchased this in december of 2012
 I bought this to replace by clunky , bulky automatic can opener . It 's a dream to use . Very smoothly mechanism and easy to open . Actually faster than my old automatic opener and grabs the top of the can every time . Get it ! You wo n't be disappointed .
 I just got this can opener and it works so well ! I hardly buy anything in a can , just tuna fish for my cat . So I just need something handy about once a week . The last one I had just got so dull , this one is fantastic . so easy !!!
 This is a great can opener . Easy to use and very well made . OXO brands are top of the line .
 The opener is Sturdy -- seems like it will work forever . It feels good -- the handles are comfortable ; the knob is easy to turn . The opener seems well worth the price -LRB- about $ 10 more than one you can get at your friendly neighborhood supermarket -RRB- . Only minor issue is not being able to put it in the dishwasher .
 I bought this on the suggestion of another reviewer when I was looking at replacing my rusted Kitchen-Aid can opener attachment for my mixer . It arrived quickly . A well made attractive can opener that makes opening cans easy and does n't have to sit out on the counter top .
 Love it ! As someone stated in their review , it is the &#34; Cadillac of Can-Openers &#34; ! . Very easy to use . Love it and would recommend it , especially someone who may have joint pain .
 I purchased one of these as a gift to a family member who was having problems with her can opener . After reading reviews on Amazon about several different can openers I settled on this one . Reviewers had raved about it and person receiving it has also raved about it so I purchased another one for my daughter . She says it is wonderful ! So if you are looking for a quality can opener , give this one a try !
 Easy to use , sturdy grips . I bought this about 3 years ago and it has performed very well , opens the can with minimal effort . No rust has appeared which had been a problem with my previous can opener . I 'd buy this one again .
 I have been struggling with inferior manual can openers for fifty years . The OXO is the first one that actually works like it 's advertised . It is slick and easy , and it never fails to open the cans without my having to try multiple times . The issue that other reviewers have named - mainly , the fact that it does n't cut the lid completely off sometimes - is no issue with me . In fact , I like it this way because I do n't have to fish the lid out of the can . I simply give it half a twist and it pops right off . Kudos to the person who designed this terrific can opener .
 An excellent product . The fact that this is a quality product will be obvious as soon as you take it out the packaging . By just picking it up you get the impression of heavy duty quality . I 'm sure I 'll get years of use from this opener . It opens fully making cleaning very easy . Because of it 's size you get a good mechanical advantage on first penetrating lids ; and the oversize knob makes operating the cutter very easy . You do n't have to have arthritis to appreciate the ease of use provided . Cuts through lids like a hot knife through butter.Highly recommended !
 The OXO Steel Can Opener is the best I have had in a long time . I like it so much I got one for my daughter and she likes it to . It is easy to operate and gets the job done quickly and easily . I recommend it to anyone else .
 This can opener works with ease . I never struggle opening any can . Unfortunately , wasted money buying inferior can opener brands . I recommend purchasing can opener .
 I bought this because my wife has arthritis in her hands and I hoped it would make it easier for her to open cans . It helps , but not as much as I would like .
 I never ... and I mean NEVER write reviews . But I had to this time because I absolutely HATE can openers . They always seem to be a hassle and may work slightly well in the beginning but always turn out to be crap . I realize its just a can opener but this one is perfect ! Its easy and comfortable to hold , has a great grip , and does not require a lot of force . It opens cans smoothly and I do n't feel like I 've had a work out after using it . Definitely a 5 star product because I doubt I will have problems with it in the future . Even though it was a tad bit more than I wanted to spend , its sturdy and it works ! Mission accomplished ...
 I figure it 's time I sit down to write a review about this can opener . How good is it ? This is the fifth one we 've bought , but not for the reasons you may think . It 's because the other four were gifts . It 's flawless in its use and design . If you 're one of the people who have had rotten luck with can openers their entire lives then this is a godsend . You will never need another can opener . The only downfall to this is that you may end up purchasing a lot of them as well for gifts . That is n't a bad thing . That 's a good thing .
 This is by far the easiest to use and clean and operate can opener I have ever used . It opens wide for cleaning , takes minimal effort to use and works flawlessly . I know it is expensive but it sure saves your arms , hands , shoulders and mind !! compared to others out there . You do not have to struggle like some others to get them to work , if at all . Very efficient and enjoyable to use and easy to clean . Looks nice and is relatively lightweight .
 Oxo Steel Can OpenerThis is another kitchen essential and Oxo has made one that is very ergonomic , as it fits your hand very well . Stainless steel blades make it durable , and the large , soft turning knob is easy to manage . This can opener also features a built-in bottle cap opener , which is handy when you use sauces that have the older sealing cap on the bottle . What I was most impressed with is the large , smooth , plastic twist handle that fits nicely in the palm , this can opener operates with a minimum of effort . I always seem to have hands that are wet or damp making the flexible rubber fins aid in gripping of the handle while absorbing the tension necessary to keep the opener in place , while sharp , stainless-steel teeth bite into lids as a hot knife would make quick work of a stick of butter.Some of the features are : * Brushed stainless-steel handle has flexible rubber fins for comfort * Sharp stainless-steel teeth open cans easily * Large knob is easy to twist * Built-in bottle cap opener * Hand-washing is recommendedSturdy construction and a large twisting knob make this one of the best can openers on the market . I would recommend hand-washing , but this can opener has been in the dishwasher many times , to get any left over liquids or food particles off of the stainless steel . For this purpose I use a toothbrush with a spot of Dawn dish-soap , rinse and pat dry , to get anything that would get sticky off of the opener . When this opener is clean it works as brand new . Most manual can openers that I 've used in the past have had a tendency to hang up or run off the lip of the can , but this can opener tracks very well . It stays on the lid without ever jumping off and has incredible ease of operation due to it 's large mechanical advantage and handle construction . I am very pleased with this can opener . This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite
 Great product ! Easy to use , have only used it a few times but seems very sturdy , is very easy to turn .
 The very best can opener I have ever had . It works beautifully . I 've tried so many , both manual and electric , and this is by far the best . Easy to operate , comfortable , and it takes the entire lid off first time , every time .
 After having many can openers that only worked a short time , I checked the reviews on Amazon.com . I decided to give this one a try based on the reviews , but did n't have much hope it would really be good . All the reviews are accurate . My husband and I ca n't believe how easy this can opener is to use - better than any we 've ever had . Now , I just hope it lasts . I 'll be sure to do an update in a few months .
 I purchased this brand after my `` premium '' brand name can opener seized and would no longer work - apparently the riveting was not S.S. nor was the cog that turned the blade as it rusted solid . ANYWAY ... . I purchased this in July of 2010 . I did not write a review right away as my previous opener died after 6 months or so of service . Currently - 4-13-2011 this works as well as the day it came in AND has a better more ergonomic grip and was considerably less expensive than the `` premium '' opener that cost 28.00
 After going through a few can openers I have finally settled on this one . The turning knob is big and very easy to turn . The build of the handle is very solid and opens cans very smoothly . You do n't need much effort to open anything . Plus the price is great too . There 's a reason why this product has such great reviews , and the ratings do n't lie.When this one eventually wears out I 'll certainly be buying the exact same one .
 I had an old metal can opener that was incredibly hard on the hands , but this one 's a dream ! Could n't ask for a better can opener . Easy on the hands , and gets the job done quickly and effectively . I 've not seen any rust so far and I 've had it a few months .
 I 've been using the OXO can opener for nearly a year and it still operates as perfectly as when it arrived from Amazon . I ca n't believe I struggled all those years with an electric can opener .
 I 've only used this once so far , but it seems like it makes opening cans extremely easy . Like a sizzling hot knife slicing through butter .
 My family has been through many can openers because they always break after a time . This one was the easiest to use right from the start and you can see it is a sturdily built object . I have small hands and did n't have to struggle to close it or turn the knob . We even prefer it to our electric safety opener , which sometimes does n't manage to fully open the cans .
 Works very well . Do n't have anything bad to say about it other than it 's kind of expensive . Also , I found it for a few bucks cheaper at a big box store the day after I got it from Amazon . Oh well .
 If there was a way to give this item 6 stars , it should have it . I have purchased countless can openers over the years and none perform anything like this opener . The handles are metal and feel sturdy . It opens up to 180 degrees to make cleaning very easy . Although , I have noticed that since I am not fighting to open any cans , somehow this opener stays cleaner than any I have used . The big plastic knob on the right turns smoothly and freely . It is almost a joy to open a can now - where I had gotten to the point of avoiding canned food . I even open large # 10 cans very easily . Not one bad thing to say here . Someone FINALLY made a great can opener . By the way , I intend to purchase another one just in case they become difficult to find someday - and have one for the RV .
 I do n't write a lot of reviews , but strangely enough this can opener motivated me to start . It 's just such a great can opener . The weight and design makes opening any can so easy and quick . I would say it 's even better than an electric opener because it 's simple to use and you can store it without hassle . Highly recommended .
 It 's a bit pricey but its all worth it . The can opener is made from a high quality grade steel and it glides smoothly as I open my canned goods . Its the best can opener I ever had .
 I do n't know what took me so long to replace my crappy old can opener !!! This one is beautiful , well made and works like a dream . Excellent product ... you wo n't be sorry .
 All the top reviews are accurate . We lost our old can opener . Researched this one -- it 's the holy grail of handheld can openers . There 's no reason to look any longer.Easy to hold.Easy to turn.Grips the can and wo n't let go.Solid , well-made . Fits beautifully in your hand - that 's similar to easy to hold.Easy to clean.Simple mechanism - nothing to mess up.Not too heavy but hefty enough to provide a center of gravity.Even though we found the old can opener at the back of a drawer , do you think we 've gone back ? No way . Once you 've found the SteeL Can Opener , you wo n't use an electric or any other handheld . I feel like I 'm doing what I 'm supposed to be doing in life when I 'm holding it !
 I 've always bought cheap , near-useless can openers because I figured it did n't make a real difference , and I could never justify splurging on something so mundane as a can opener . You 'd think I would have learned my lesson after buying multiple can openers every year , but it was n't until just recently , when my stupid crappy can opener took me over five minutes to open a can of tuna fish , that I ` bit the bullet ' and ordered this little gem . Since it arrived , I have been in can opener heaven ! I no longer dread making a recipe that requires any sort of canned food ! It feels comfortable in my hand , the knob turns smoothly , the blade/gear bites securely into the rim of the can , and the thing glides like a dream . I know that some people might balk at the idea of spending nearly $ 20 on a can opener , but people , it is WORTH it . No point in letting the little things cause so much headache . You wo n't regret buying it , I promise . Best thing is , it arrived the day after I ordered it ! I 've never had anything arrive so quickly from Amazon . So so so happy with my purchase .
 I bought this can opener hoping it would be as effortless as the reviews said it was . It is indeed the easiest , `` smoothest '' can opener I have ever used . Well worth the price , which was less than $ 20 when I purchased it .
 I originally purchased an oxo 20362 which , being plastic , was too flimsy.This OXO is definitely the best can opener I 've had and should last a very long time.Very comfortable . Very durable . Very stylish . Does the job .
 I have tried every possible kind of can opener and they all , for better or worse , ca n't compete with this one . The handles are comfortable to grip -LRB- as with many OXO products -RRB- , the opener sticks to the can while turning , and the blade makes a clean cut all the way around . Even the turner is large and comfortable so it does not dig into your hand while opening the can . So effective and comfortable , even my young kids can use it . Also , it can be washed int he dishwasher ! No more grimy grubby openers which can never get properly cleaned by handwashing . A must-have int he kitchen .
 It 's one of the great , long-debated mysteries of the modern era ; why ca n't someone build a decent can opener?It turns out that it * is * possible to create a good can opener , it 's just that most companies do n't give a damn.Oxo , whoever they are , has done it ... this one 's great . I 've only just received it from Amazon , and though I really was n't hungry , I had to open a can of soup just to try it out , hoping , hoping , that finally , after all these years , my prayers had been answered
 This opener works great ! The knob is large and easy to grip and it turns quickly and without a lot of effort . So glad I got this instead of another electric one that takes up space on my counter .
 I needed something that worked ! It not only worked but gone are the days of struggling just to open a can . Easy on the hands no more pain . OXO makes great products .
 After going through a number of cheap can openers in a relatively short amount of time -LRB- thanks , roommates ! -RRB- , I decided to buy a more expensive one that would hopefully last . This one is great ! Very durable and no problems whatsoever during the 6 months I 've had it , with frequent use . I 've never bought an expensive utensil before but I 'm very glad that I did .
 This is by far the best can opener I 've used . I went through 3 can openers in less than a year . I bought them at various brick-and-mortar stores and they were just very poor quality . This is a quality opener though . It cuts through cans like they are butter and not much force is needed . I 'm willing to bet that even elderly people with arthritis can use this can opener . I have owned it for over a year and it still works like new . This is a quality product that I would recommend to anyone .
 I 've had a few similar-looking can openers and never guessed one could be this amazing . Solid , sturdy , sharp , and easy to use . Also , the handles open 180 degrees which makes it easy to wipe clean .
 This OXO Can Opener replaces a similar opener of a different brand that , after probably 8 months of use , became difficult for me to use . - I appreciate this so much . It simply , easily and quickly completes the job . I have used it almost every day for about a month now and find that it readily punctures the lid ; the large handle turns quite easily for my somewhat painful finger joints ; the edges of the can lid are not as sharp as some other openers have left them . I readily recommend this to you . .
 The opener is attractive and well made but the ease of operation is what really impressed me . If you have any hand problems this is the opener for you .
 I know it 's funny to write a review for a can opener , but so many are just pieces of junk who stop working or never work right in the first place . Not this one . Works great , simple to use . Recommended : -RRB-
 Can openers just do n't last forever . I got this one after extensive research based on its high ratings by other reviewers , and based on the description of `` stainless-steel teeth bite into lids with the agility of a great white shark . '' How can you beat that ? Anyway , it is easy to use , it turns without any real wrist strength required and gets the job done . I am sure that I will need another in a few years , but for the price , this one does the trick .
 You 'll never want or need another can opener again . Opens up cans as smooth as butter . Great design and simply user-friendly . Feels real nice on the wrists and ca n't really begin to say just how easy it makes opening cans . My wife said she loves them . For years I kept buying her the dollar tree can openers and I thought this time I would actually step up and get her a decent pair . She jumped up and down hugging and kissing me I was flattered . Best 20 bucks I ever spent .
 I 've had this can opener for a little over a year now and absolutely love it . Very easy to turn and all-in-all , better than any electric can opener I 've had . Fits any can and does n't clutter up the sink . Great buy . Have recommended it to various friends and am tempted to order a spare `` just in case . ''
 After looking at this item I checked the price Price at our local kitchen store -LRB- not a discount store -RRB- . The item was not on sale and the price was $ 12 not the Amazon List Price of $ 19.95 nor sale price of $ 16.45 . Amazon loses credibility with this type of pricng . I bought it at my local store .
 Absolutely mind-blowing ! I have been seriously frustrated with my old can opener ; it should n't hurt to open a can . While trolling through Amazon this afternoon , I looked for can openers and when I sorted on average customer review guess what popped up first . I was amazed at the tidal wave of 5 star , rave reviews . So much so , I went out right away and bought one -LRB- sorry , Amazon -RRB- because I go through pain every night making dinner . A can of vegetables I regularly have with dinner , and drives me crazy every time I open one , opened like a warm knife going through soft butter . I then proceeded to open all the other cans , even the ones with pull off lids . Same result . Thank you to all the reviewers who came before and pushed me over the edge to just go out and get one . And special thanks to Oxo , whose kitchen tools/appliances/doodads I 've always enjoyed , for making the most extraordinary can opener I have ever used .
 I 'll back up what The Thinking Mom said . This is better and faster than an electric can opener . I 've never used a unit like this that was so effective , fast and easy . The ergonomics are very good , and it 's effortless . After using it , I ca n't think of any reason to buy an electric unit .
 This is sturdy , and ergonomically-friendly -LRB- got it for my elderly mother -RRB- . I checked it out and this is by far my favorite handheld can opener . Even if you 're used to the electric kind , this opens cans easily without much strain , has padded handles and is sturdy . And well-priced .
 Very easy to use , built sturdy.The big test will be if it rusts over the years or loses its grip/cutting ability . That 's where others have failed us.A friend showed us theirs and it looked pretty darn good after 4 years in action.I never used one as smooth as this one .
 Works perfectly . Requires minimal force required to rotate the handle . So good you will be opening cans for fun .
 I was hesitant to get another manual can opener , because they all seem to go kaput after a year or so . After reading the reviews , we ordered this one , and we 've opened about 20 things in the past couple weeks , and this is clearly the BEST manual can opener I have ever owned . So easy , effortless . Heloise or Dear Abbey once said to wash them in the dishwasher to keep the blades clean , and I do that , but in my experience , even that does n't rescucitate them after awhile . Bottom line - so far , so good . The test will be in how long it works like this . They all start out relatively fine . I 'll report back .
 Are n't can openers such a pain ? You have to have one around , but they always fall short of expectations because they 're either too hard to use , too hard to clean , or in the case of the electric ones , they just stop working . Until now!This can opener is easy to use , does n't hurt my hand to crank , and wo n't break down like my electric . In fact , since my electric one gets so messy after each use , I just pull this one out of the drawer instead . No sense wasting electricity , even miniscule amounts , when this can opener is so convenient and takes little or no muscle to use . It was a bit spendy for a can opener , but it should last a long time . It is easy to clean but it does n't even seem to get food on the blade like my electric one does . The handles are nice and grippy , typical Oxo , and it has a nice weight to it . It appears to be well built and pretty sharp . I will never waste my money on electric can openers again . You can even use this one when the power goes out !
 All I wanted was a can opener that worked . That actually cut the lid entirely and did n't leave little bits of steel to struggle with . Using this opener is like riding in a Cadillac after having ridden a worn out scooter . OK that 's about as passionate as I can get about a can opener . It 's good , if you want a manual can opener that works , buy this one .
 I 'm in love ... . I have hated manual can openers that kill my hand and the ones that were electric always die . A friend suggested this one and I ca n't praise it enough . I have had it about a year and love it . I recommend it to anyone and everyone who wants a can opener that works , effortlessly .
 My wife thought a can opener , is a can opener , is can opener , until she bought this unit . She was amazed at how little effort it took to open a can ; that $ 1.99 special she had been wrestling with is now in the trash . Now , if they could just do something about keeping the cover from falling into the contents of the can . Oxo , are you listening ?!?!
 So far so good . The attention to detail seems good . It feels well made . If there was anyone thing that got my attention , it 's that is was made in China . For the money they are charging for it , it seems like it could have been made in the US . Does n't really matter I guess but the bottle opener on it does n't seem to grab caps very well .
 This can opener use to have nice `` all rubber '' handles , which felt comfortable and gave a good grip if your hands were wet . The all rubber handles even came in handy to help open small bottle caps.After a few years of use the cutter got dull and the frame was rusted . So , I bought a new one . Unfortunately , the new `` metal & rubber '' handles are definitely NOT comfortable to use . But since I only open one or two cans a week , I kept it . Hey , it 's a can opener and it works .
 Can opener works great , is very comfortable in your hands . Easy to clean , was a great purchase to replace my old can opener .
 The fatter turn knob makes a tremendous difference . Padded , wider handles also help . My old Swing-A-Away is history . Great for folks who have a touch of arthritis . Blows my electric can opener away - easier and faster .
 At last a can opener you can rely on . We 've been using the Oxo for more than 6 months . I kid you not ... every time I use it I smile . It is just that good . We do n't like electric openers . We had purchased two different hand held prior to the Oxo only to have them rapidly become a useless pile of crap . But not the Oxo ! It feels good in your hand ... has heft . It performs it 's task flawlessly every time . What more can you ask?sincerely Hugo in Cedar Rapids
 Okay , my wife has rheumatoid arthritis and we 've tried many manual can openers . The Oxo surpasses them all . She was using it just the other day and I asked her why she did n't use the electric can opener . She said for the smaller cans she likes to use the Oxo . She held it up and smiled at me and said , &#34; I love it . &#34; I can not give a better recommendation than that .
 After 53 years of marriage and probably 25 automatic and manual can openers we have found the best . There is nothing I can find to complain about . It opens cans every time with minor effort . My wife has very little strength in her hands but loves the oxo . She wo n't even let me use it .
 This can opener is a joy to use . So easy on the hands and works like a dream even for a southpaw like me ! I threw my old one right in the garbage . I see lots of canned food in our future . This is the first OXO product I have purchased , but I sure will look for this brand again .
 I have been very pleased with my purchase of the OXO can opener . This is heavy and very durable . This can open anything from soup cans , large fruit cans , and large coffee cans easily . I have read that OXO designs their products so they will be easy to use , and easy on your hands . I have found this can opener to live up to being easy to use . If you are looking for a replacement can opener , I think you will find this a good one to choose .
 My wife has complained about every can opener we ever owned . At Christmas I went on Amazon.com and bought the best one I could find , this OXO 58081 . It is worth every penny , it cuts the cans open with ease . The oversized rubber-like twist knob is very nice as well . Of the 6-8 can openers in the junk drawer , this one is now the ONLY one used . The others have gone in the trash .
 Can openers are notoriously awful . Hard to turn , hurt your hands , fail to work , etc.Not so with OXO Stainless Steel Can Opener . This can opener , quite simply , rules . It 's large , easily gripped handle turns evenly and smoothly . You never have to struggle to open a can . If you 've finally had it with your old can opener , just get this one . It 's literally the last can opener you 'll ever own .
 This can opener , like most OXO products , is well-made andhas a good-feeling grip . It works quickly with not toomuch effort but you must keep an even pressure near theend so the lid completely cuts off . Yes , unfortunately , the lid does fall into the food but my mother taught mewhen I was a child to always wipe off the can lid witha wet paper towel before opening it . I would have preferreda can opener that leaves a smooth edge but I 've had verynegative results with several of that type . Every one Ihad left slivers of the can label , or even worse , sliversof metal which got into the food . No thanks . I 've alsoread almost all of the reviews on Amazon on the differentmodels and this one came closest to being the perfect canopener at the right price . Most expensive is n't alwaysthe best . This is a good , sturdy can opener which is easyto use and should hold up for many years . Care must betaken when removing the lid after opening , but I 've solvedthat problem by never picking it up with my fingers . I havesmall tongs which I use for that purpose - no more cut fingers !
 I ca n't believe I 'm writing a review for a can opener , but this item is so good I just have to . This is the smoothest , most effortless can opener I 've ever used . It just glides around the can . We 've used cheap grocery store openers in the past , some have worked ok , others were poor at best , but they all went in the trash as soon as we tried this one . My wife as well as my two sons -LRB- ages 8 and 13 -RRB- feel the same way . A remarkable device.UPDATE
 If what you desire is inside of a can , then this can opener will open it . It will TAKE DOWN any can . It will literally DESTROY any can . OBLITERATE . DEMOLISH . RUIN . PUT BIG HOLE IN IT , SPECIFICALLY , AT THE TOP . It will open ANYTHING -- soup , corn -LRB- creamed or whole -RRB- , beans , ham . It will also open
 my wife tends to be `` can opener challenged '' . I know it sounds crazy , but true . She had no problem with this one . It had the easiest mechanics , and it even had a bottle opener .
 You absolutely can not go wrong with this can opener . I had always purchased the cheapies before this -LRB- the kind that you have to angle this way and that just to get half way around the darn cans -RRB- . Who wants to spend alot of money just to open a can ?? Well , I am soooo glad that I spent the extra money . You barely have to turn the knob to get a can open , plus it feels good in your hand . I suffer from carpal tunnel , so my hand would cramp up easily . Not with this opener !! I highly recommend spendind a few extra bucks for this one .
 This thing works very well . I have some trouble with my hand but this opener makers opening a can easy . I love it , it joins my list of favorite gadgets because it just works !
 While I 've only owned this product a few weeks , I can readily recommend it . I 'm older and have arthritis and stiff fingers and it is very easy to grab and use . Easy to turn and it does n't just spin and not open like my other one did . I would not buy an electric can opener . This one works extremely well and is very , very easy to use making the electric not necessary . Plus this one stores easily in a drawer and can be taken with you if you go on a picnic !
 Over the years I have owned a variety of manual and electric can openers . None of them has performed anywhere near as well as the OXO Steel 58081 Can Opener . It cuts quickly and cleanly with only modest effort needed to turn the handle - a real benefit to my arthritic hands . I should have bought one years ago . I consider this can opener to be an ESSENTIAL piece of kitchen equipment ranking a close second to my chef 's knife . Purchase one ! You will not be disappointed !
 This can opener works like a dream . Smooth and effortless !
 I remember when I was a kid and my parents got one of those electric can openers . It was so fascination , espcially in those days when all we had were the real cheap manual openers that you had to be a weighlifter to try and turn . We were mesmerized watching it do its work . But as I got old it 's problems became annoying such as the can simply falling from the magnet and spilling its contents all over your counter . I 've used manual openers ever since.I 'm not sure why you 'd want to pay more than $ 15 for a can opener . That just seems silly to me . This strong and durable one from Oxo does the job remarkable well . Cuts cleaning and smoothly and goes all through the lid without your having to twist and pull that last little sliver of aluminum . Solid construction that grips well in your hand and even kids can turn it without problem . This really is the best bet for the money . Highly recommended !
 After trying several aggravating and nonworking manual can openers I happened across this one and LOVE it . One that really works , finally ! I put my Gizmo electric one away as this one is just so much faster and easier to use . It can even go right in the dishwasher . With 5 kids , you can imagine the use anything in my kitchen gets ! Great product .
 I had a `` Clean-edge '' can opener that work for its first 90 days , then could n't open a can of soup without going around it three times and then prying it up with a butter knife.So , I replaced it with this , the OXO Steel Can Opener . It opens cans . Every time , on the first pass around the rim , it opens the can . That 's the first requirement for a can opener , after all , is n't it ? If something feels like heaven in the palm of your hand and is scented like fresh roses , but wo n't open a can , then it 's a failure as a can opener.This one is not.It is also better than the average can opener , because it does have a more comfortable grip and a wider turn-knob for opening . Now , I do n't open a dozen cans a day . I open one or two a day , so I 'm not really stressed about how this would feel after hours of use . I do know that there is no dread after working with other things of `` Oh , bother , that can opener hurts . '' Ergonomics-wise , it 's a plus.Appearance ? I chose not to frame my can opener to keep it on display , because it just was n't beautiful enough for that . I keep it in a drawer , instead . Not because it 's ugly but because it 's a utensil and I just do not care if a guest who is present while I 'm opening a can has nothing better to say than `` Ooh , pretty can opener ! '' We bought a nice-looking mixer because it 's out all the time . The can opener 's not ugly , but I ca n't bring myself to care about that either way.It 's a good can opener .
 Can openers are just one of those items that wear out and have to be replaced.I bought this to replace a 5 yr old similar model.The grips work well on this newer , slightly upgraded model and grip the can securely.Opening a can seems easier and requires less effort than the older model it replaced.So far so good , I really like this model . For the price , it is a good value .
 I prefer a manual can opener to an electric one , and this is the best I have used . Very smooth , easy to use , and sturdy construction . Highly recommend it.Even those who use an electric opener need a backup non-electric one . I remember when my mother 's power was out for days and she had no way to open cans -LRB- and she used a lot more canned goods than I do -RRB- .
 I bought one of these awhile back , and then had to buy 2 more for my daughters.They were having the same issue as I was finding a decent can opener . This one works very well and is easy to handle .
 It 's a perfect opener . Opens any cans easy and smooth . Sorry that I have nothing more to say . It 's just a can opener , not a car . : -RRB-
 Purchased this to replace an old can opener . This thing rocks . Opens cans quickly and easily . Does what it is designed to do , and the OXO brand is a lot cheaper than some of the `` premium '' brands . Do n't know if you have to pay a lot for a can opener . A tip might be to clean the blade after you use it , which may help it from gunking up over time . Would purchase again .
 1 st class quality , made of steel through out , no plastic gears to wear down ! The large turning knob is also a plus and very easy to turn . Worth every penny !
 I received it as a gift and have had it over a year . It has opened every can I have used it on and it continues to work well . I highly recommend it if you need one .
 Have to admit it took me a bit to get used to the way this one removes lids , but am now very happy . Easy to use and I love the `` clean cut '' .
 I highly recommend this can opener . I 've owned it for 4 months . It operates smoothly and easily . No straining . I do n't like electric can openers because they get nasty fast , very unsanitary . I prefer to toss this one into the dishwasher . I 'm assured a clean and sanitary opener every time . I actually came here to buy a couple more .
 Impressed the wife , best can opener i have ever used . I have been frustrated lately by all the can openers on the market til now . Thanks oxo
 Boy , was I missing out not having the Oxo opener . For the past few years , I 've intensely used my wrist to open cans -LRB- yes , an old opener -RRB- . Now , it 's like lifting a feather . Just ca n't believe it !
 wife and I love this can opener . it really does work super good , shipping fast . seems durable . highly recommend . Better than an electric can opener .
 Ok - this is just a can opener - how big of a deal can that be - you may ask ? HUGE - is my answer . I do n't use an electric can opener - never have , I 've always use the ` hand ' can openers . However , my life long mistake as been , to buy cheap ones . I always believed hand can openers were more or less created equal . Therefore , I tolerated semi-opened cans - risking the ever present potential of laceraing a finger while I carefully tried to get the remaining bits of lid that remained stuck on the can . When my old hand can opener finally died , I found myself having to purchase another . One day , a shopping trip to Whole Foods , I remembered that I needed to purchase a new hand can opener . I went to their kitchen tools area and found they actually carried hand can openers there . There was one left and it was $ 17.00 ! I thought , `` Crap , I do n't want to pay that ! This will function just as all my previous have - semi-good but mostly crappy and I will have been fleeced of my money to boot ! '' I bought it anyway - not wanting to hunt all over town for one more reasonably priced . After I got home , and removed the packaging - I took it out for a test drive . Believe it or not -LRB- because I was quite surprised myself -RRB- I discovered this was the best freakin ' hand can opener that I had ever used ! It squeezed easily onto the can , and the crank is AMAZINGLY SMOOTH ! I completed my can opening chore - with no bits of lid attached to the can - it was awesome ! At that moment , I realized , that with at least hand can openers -LRB- and of course , many other things in life -RRB- - you REALLY get what you pay for !
 OXO opener works great on all shapes of cans we tried , comfortable to hold and does not require a large amount of strength to use.The wife complained about all the openers that were difficult to use and would not work properly . After reading the reviews I came to a decision that this was the correct opener to buy . Now the wife 's happy and so also a happy ending to the saga of the non-functioning can openers .
 Took the old one to work and got this one , the nicest one I 've ever had . It 's a pleasure to work with , and that 's saying a lot considering the mundane tasks of opening cans of tuna and so forth . Good deal .
 We had a run of really bad can openers , and I was just about to give up and get a big electric one that I really did n't want . But then I found this one , and it 's perfect . It does what you need it to . Easy grip handle . Very smooth . We 've been using it for about 6 mo. now .
 My previous Oxo Can Opener lasted about 10 years ; it was a cheaper version . It was time for a new one , so I purchased this last year -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and it 's great . I toss it in the dishwasher , has not rusted for me thus far and pierces cans easily . As one recent post did mention , it does leave a bit of the lid attached to the can ; however , I 've never used a Can Opener that did n't .
 This is the BEST manual can opener I 've ever used ! Pierces cans so easily I had to make sure it really did ! Great on those small and rectangular -LRB- sardine , oyster , anchovie etc. -RRB- cans too . The the large handles make it easy to use and easy on your hands and fingers . Built solidly and it looks like it should last forever . Cleaned up great in the dishwasher .
 Outsanding can opener with very smooth function . There are too many cheap can openers out there that just do n't do the job . This one is easy on the hands , made well and has outlasted all the others by a longshot !
 This is exactly the can opener I was looking for - solid , well built and functional . It does n't jump off the can like our old one did and cuts cleanly and effortlessly . The design does n't look much different than others but somehow it works with much less effort .
 It 's amazed us that it 's been so difficult to find an item as simple as a can opener that worked . We purchased several in the last few months at grocery and kitchen stores only to find that they simply would not work . All of the ones we purchased had difficulty staying on track after the initial penetration of the can lid causing us to keep having to start over several times on each can . After reading Amazon reviews , we decided to try this model and have very happy with the unit , it has opened cans with minimal effort and no `` do overs '' . We have since purchased a few more of these for our parents and other family members , all say that they are very happy with the product .
 This is a nice , modern , and well designed can-opener . Ergonomically , it blends form & function . Terrific .
 Oxo SteeL Can OpenerThis is the best can opener on the market . It works excellent !
 I remember growing up and my mother buying the cheapest can opener she could find and it working for years ... . I never wanted to spend more then $ 1 or $ 2 for a can opener , that was until EVERY opener I bought BROKE within 2 days . I had a cheap opener for some time but then I got a bad streak of luck with them . We went through 5 openers in 2 months . I was sick and tired of them not working so I bought this one . I am so happy I did . It is so easy to use . It works every time . My 9 year old girls have no problems using this opener . It glides very smoothly over the can and turning the knob is a breeze . I would highly recommend this oepner !
 I never thought much about can openers until I got older ... and my hands and wrists started to hurt more when opening cans.My last can opener gave up the ghost and I splurged on this one . Boy Howdy ! I am glad that I did.It is painless , simple , and quick to open any size cans with this tool.I highly recommend it to one and all !
 I read the product reviews on Amazon.com before buying this can opener and they were very positive , so I went ahead and purchased it . I have to agree with the other reviewers -- it 's definitely great . It 's sturdy and comfortable to use . It turns easily . It cuts the can smoothly and does n't skip or stop or ride up and over the edge of the can . It 's true that a can opener is n't an earth-shattering buying decision , but if you do n't want to be wasting your money buying multiple cheap can openers from Wal-Mart that break the first time you use them , then this product is a wise choice .
 I am VERY pleased with this can opener ! It cuts smoothly and evenly in one time around , and cuts the lid off completely . No more having to twist the lid around to get it off . I 've had a number of other can openers , including Kitchen Aid -LRB- that one was awful -RRB- , that were less than optimal , so I first read the reviews on this one before buying it . When I tried it at home -LRB- I crossed my fingers -RRB- it worked perfectly . I also like the part you turn because it 's large enough so that you do n't scrape or bump your fingers on anything while turning it . That was a really pleasant surprise -LRB- on top of it working so perfectly -RRB- and is one feature now that I would not want to do without again !! I highly recommend this for anyone wanting a hand held can opener . I would definitely buy one like this again !!!!
 This is one tool that just feels good in your hand . Excellent design , that works perfectly . Well worth the money .
 Oxo does it again . Easy on the hands , just make sure to hold it closed or it will slip off the can .
 I bought this can opener to replace my previous can opener that ... well , sucked ! I had my old can opener for only a year when it started rusting of all things . So I decided to buy this can opener and I am more than pleased that I did . I love it !!!!
 After reading good reviews I purchased this can opener . It feels pretty solid , though I have not actually opened a can with it yet.My biggest annoyance is that it clearly says `` hand wash only '' ! This is is stark contrast to the product description here on amazon and the user reviews . That is the one of the biggest selling points!My guess is that Oxo had enough complaints about rust from dishwashers that they changed the product label . Even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions .
 This can opener cuts through lids as smooth as silk . Threw out the electronic can opener in a day . Amazing quality and design !
 I got this in Dec. '09 and it still looks like new . Soft comfy handle , soft comfy knob , easy to start a cut in a can lid and best of all -- it 's totally quiet . There 's no loud , grinding whir . There 's no uncertainty whether or not a can will fall out of an electric can opener 's feeble grasp . I love it and you will too .
 We have had our original OXO steel can opener for more than five years . We just bought a second one for my mother . You can not break this opener!My mother came for a visit and fell in love with our can opener . Who would n't ? Of all the can openers I have ever tried , this one is the best . If you have arthritic conditions , you will want this can opener . By far , this is the easiest to turn and use . It is easy on the hands.They seem to be strong and sturdy and I have never had trouble with mine . This is a great addition to any kitchen or perfect as a gift for anyone who has issues using their hands for opening/turning .
 I buy a lot of OXO kitchen items and invariably review them positively on Amazon . This can opener is no exception . It has a nice weight to it , but more importantly it is very easy to use . It cuts through cans like they were made of butter . It is comfortable in the hand and can handle any size can with little to no effort . It is well made and easy to clean , though as the manufacturer points out it should be hand washed . It has soft hand grips which adds to the comfort factor . My only gripe is that this is on the big side so it is n't even remotely compact but it is very easy to find.Since I am not a fan of electric can openers due to cleaning issues , this is a nice alternative . It Is also great for anyone who might have arthritis in their hands or lack upper body strength since it requires very little effort .
 I have often cursed under my breath when attempting to open a simple can of anything because of the inability of the can opener to function as one would reasonably and prudently expect !!! I have purchased numerous can openers with the hope they might work easily ; finally , however , it is a pleasure to use a truly well-made , solid , and EASY to turn opener . I happened to spy this one by OXO when I was scanning through to find an item to assist one when TRYING to open a jar . OXO also has a Good Grips Jar Opener , which I can not comment on yet , but if it is anything like this high quality can opener , then it , too , will be fantastic and I 'll again be very pleased . This can opener is top quality and I highly recommend it . OXO seems to produce only the best quality products . I will continue to look to this brand for other kitchen items I need .
 I have had several other can openers that did not work , but this one is just great . I have had no trouble opening the cans and in the past it was a real problem as my hands are not as strong as they once were . Fast shipping as well .
 This is the Cadilac of can openers . . cuts them open like butter . Bought this for my 76 yr old mother . . Highly recommend .
 Nice old fashioned can opener -LRB- no Batteries -RRB- . Heavy duty stainless construction . Opens WIDE for easy cleaning . This is a keeper .
 This was a great buy easy to turn really smooth . Does not bend like the flimsy ones I have used in the past . Not even while opening 10 lbs cans . I have been using Can Opener and washing it in the dish washer after every use . I spray Olive oil or Pam on it when ever the two are in arms reach that 's all the care I have taken more or less a habit . I would say pick it up before they add any more plastic or cheap metal.Some times it is worth paying a dollar or two more for quality products . I am always checking grange sales and thrift stores for the old time heavy can openers from 30 or more years ago . But this has worked just fine keep it up OxO .
 The initial clamping down requires a firm clamp -- but then it 's all smooth , effortless sailing from there . The grip may feel a bit large for smaller hands , but it 's not heavy -- notwithstanding the solid feel to the entire construction . The big , wide `` turn '' handle is very nice .
 I 've gone through 3 can openers in the last year , each from a different brand . This Oxo opener is great . It actually opens cans , easily opening thin or thick containers . In an age when we should expect something as simple as a can opener to function properly , this model is one of the few manual openers around that really does its job .
 We were tired of buying can opener after can opener , that would work well for the first few times and then become hard to attach to the can and even harder to turn . Seems like they were constantly slipping off the can and you would have to start all over again , reconnecting and trying to turn the handles so it would not disengage . As I age , my hand grip is not what it used to be , and my husband has had issues with carpal tunnel , and fighting with the can opener was something we did not look forward to whenever something needed to be opened . I had heard that OXO had quality products , so I looked around and decided , for our needs , this was the one . It arrived quickly from Amazon , and we could not be happier with it so far . The grips make it easier to hang onto , it attatches to the can with ease , and it turns smoothly and quickly . No more fighting with our can opener ! We have only had this a couple of weeks now , so I am hoping it retains it 's sharpness and ease of use . At this point , I could n't be more please with this product and would definitely recommend it .
 I 've gone through quite a few can openers over the years . This one is even better than the expensive Kitchenaid that I bought a few years ago .
 I bought this opener for my wife . Cheap present , right ? Not when you take into consideration that my wife 's arthritis has severely reduced her hand strenth so that the use of any can opener that we 've used , manual and electric , has become problematic . This openers large handles and geared cutting mechanism make it very easy to use , even for someone with reduced hand strenth . It 's slick as butter .
 I was tired of my electric can opener which did not work well on lots of cans . I 'm also trying to get back to basics so I researched manual can openers . The Oxo had great reviews , so I bought one . I really love this opener . It is so smooth and easy to use and can tackle any can . I showed it to my 89 year old mother who had bought a top-of-the-line electric model that balked at opening many cans . She loved it so I bought her one too . No more frustration opening cans .
 We have used manual can openers for years with great success . We decided to replace our last one as the cutter wheel was getting dull with age . Because of the reviews we decided to try this one and it was delivered a couple of weeks ago.Having lived with it for awhile we have found it to be easy to use and comfortable to hold . It is small enough to fit in a drawer out of sight but substantial enough to tackle any can we 've tried it on.The larger handle does make opening the can somewhat easier as it spreads the pressure over a wider area of the hand.I recommend it for all .
 Solid , sturdy , smooth and effortless operation , feels like it will last a long time . Very happy I got this one and not an electric opener . A little pricey , but if it lasts it will be worth it .
 I 've owned many can openers before this one and they all have seemed to break after minimal use . This one has already proven to be much more durable .
 Oxo can be hit or miss . This can opener is a hit ... it is heavy , cuts smoothly , and is very easy to clean . For those of us who still stand by manual can openers for daily use , this is a great option .
 These are so much better than what I 've been using , and the old ones were not cheap ! Amazing how much better they are .
 Without question the best hand held can opening device I have ever used ! Simple and effortless ! I 'd buy 2 if I needed 2 !
 My mother and my grandmother both have the Amco Swing-A-Way at their homes ; I can not say for sure how many decades old they are , but I can say the design has n't changed any that I can tell . I wanted a can opener that would last like that , but I know that the grip on the Amco is something that gets less and less comfortable over time -LRB- due to the age of the operator , not anything against the Amco -RRB- . In the last 8 years I 've been through 1 electric -LRB- Hamilton Beach - it did n't wear out or anything , I just did n't like all that juice from canned goods all over the place . Plus , it was a @ # $ % & to clean that little mechanism and involved a toothbrush . -RRB- and 3 handhelds -LRB- the `` inexpensive '' from W. -LSB- aka the cheap-cheap-cheapy from China -RSB- ; a more moderately priced Oxo from T. -LRB- I think it was defective , though I did n't attempt to exchange it -RRB- and a higher priced Farberware from a restaurant supply wholesaler - which , to it 's credit worked OK so long as I used my left hand . I 'm not a lefty at all . -RRB- So , with great hesitation , I spent money one more time on this Oxo , based on the good reviews . I was skeptical , having given up on can openers being good anymore . Oxo got here in 2 days -LRB- love , love , love Amazon Prime so much -RRB- and I 've been happy ever since . I mean , like , I open the drawer to get the can opener out , 3 months after I bought it , and I still feel a sense of relief when I see my can opener . It is a relief to know that this Oxo is -LRB- 1 -RRB- easy on the hands -LRB- which may be an even bigger relief as time goes on -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- opens a can smoooooooothly every single time on the first attempt . I will say , in response to those who do n't like that the can lid does n't come 100 % off - I do n't like my can lid dropping down in the contents . While I always rinse my canned goods before cooking or consuming , I do n't wash my can lid before opening - and I can not tell you how many sick people I see rubbing their runny noses before touching the top of a can that they inevitably push to the side of the shelf for someone else to take home . -LRB- Not OCD about germs - but a simple cold sore on another person nearly killed my kid , so I am maybe hyperaware of how -LSB- to paraphrase -RSB- one person 's cold is another person 's death . -RRB- BOTTOM LINE
 This is the best can opener I have ever owned . Smooth and easy to operate . My hands have begun to get a bit stiff with age , and this can opener is a breeze to use . No strain at all . I highly recommend it .
 My hands feel pretty old and sometimes I ca n't even manage an electric can opener . I got this oxo opener yesterday and I want to open every can in the house because it is so comfortable and effortless . A must-have for everyone especially those who suffer from any hand ailments . They will love you for it !
 This can opener is easy to use , it does n't take much effort to turn the wheel . I gave it 4 stars because it does not remove the entire lid . The lid is left attached by a small piece of tin and must be pulled off , which in turn leaves a small piece of sharp metal .
 I have to say I 'm very impressed with this can opener . The overall design makes it very easy to use . It requires so little effort to turn as well . It 's a breeze even on big coffee cans . I 've only had it a few months now , but the quality should make this can opener last for years . Great product !
 After years of cheap can openers and much aggravation with them , I splurged on this Oxo . It is totally worth the money ! It feels solid in your hand , the handle turns very easily , and it glides through metal . It is very comfortable and effortless to use . I wish I 'd bought one years ago !
 This is 100 % solid and functional . It may feel a bit bulky but that is just the heft needed to do a 100 % perfect job on all can opening .
 This OXO can opener seems to be well made and most of all makes can opening a breeze . I 've gone through a lot of can openers and hope this one stays sharp and lasts . It 's not dishwasher safe , but is easy to wash by hand with a little soap and water and dry thoroughly . It does not have the made in China stamp on it .
 This can opener is freaking ridiculously awesome ! I never thought that I 'd be amped up to write a review for a can opener , but after using it , I felt obligated to share with my Amazon brethren just how great this little gadget is . First of all , before buying this particular can opener , I scoured Amazon for several other can openers with good reviews in the hope that I would end up buying one that worked great . In fact , I had initially began my search for an electric can opener as my old one bit the dust . However , after about an hour of searching and comparing electric can openers , I came to the conclusion that they all had their flaws and that none were a guaranteed good purchase . Fortunately , at the end of my search , I wound up viewing the Oxo Steel Can Opener . After reading the description , viewing the picture , and subsequently reading the reviews , I came to the conclusion that a manual can opener is a better choice and that the Oxo CO was the best on the market.Thankfully , the customer reviews did not let me down . Once the can opener arrived I broke out a large can of soup and put it in action . Whoa ! I was shocked . The can opener was so smooth that I was n't sure if it was even opening the can , but sure enough , at the end of the slice the can was opened perfectly . The ability to slice through the can is due to an attached hard plastic knob protruding from the side of the can opener which acts as a wrench . The wrench-esque knob enables you to slice through the can by effortlessly twisting it.Potential buyers should know a few things about this can opener . 1 . -RRB- It fits your hand perfectly and comfortably . 2 . -RRB- There is no extra strength required as the can opener slices through the tin top like a warm knife cutting through butter . 3 . -RRB- The ease of opening cans can not be overstated as many disabled or elderly people have a weak grip . Making things easy for these people is the fact that the Oxo CO does not require you to put a death grip on the can with one hand and then strain to crank on the knob with the other hand like many other manual CO 's do.In summation
 I 've used a few can openers in my day . Some of them get the job done . Some grip the can so tight that it 's a physical chore to turn the knob . One very pricey can opener I 've used was next to impossible to get a lock on the can , so after cranking the entire 360 around the can , I found that the blade had not even penetrated the lid . Yes , such a seemingly simple device can be so frustrating.I set out to find an electric can opener , but after seeing the high praise for this `` manual '' can opener , I chose it instead . The price was right and if it did not live up to it 's name , well , Amazon returns are very friendly.This can opener arrived and I put it task right away . The gripper latched smoothly onto the can , requiring very little handle-squeezing power from me . I was skeptical of the plastic or rubber turning knob , turning the knob was too easy . I thought surely I have n't penetrated the can properly . But I had . With almost no effort , the can was simply being cut open . Strange to say that I was blown away and quite tickled with the results.What is still suspect to me is how long this can opener will last . It 's very light and seems like it could n't have the strength to do what it does so incredibly well . But even if it does break down in a couple years , I will be satisfied that I got a great value!I would not trade this can opener for an electric can opener . It is , in a word , Dreamy !
 Opens cans with ease . I 'm at a few months and counting now and never had to reverse direction , or take off and replace / start over . Would buy again .
 I 've had this can opener for almost 2 years and I can say that it still works and looks like new ! I love it ! It 's so much easier to use than an electric opener . I 've had tons of manual openers too and this has worked and lasted like a champ . When you 're done with it , just throw it back in the drawer until next time - no more wasted space for an electric opener !
 My only complaint with this can opener is that it is almost TOO good.I opened a can of tuna the other day , and the smoothness of operation was so impressive that I lost track of time and powered through the end of the lid . This caused to lid to fly off the can with enough force to land on my countertop , face down , leaving tuna juice all over my counter . Nobody likes tuna juice .
 Having purchased , become vexed with , and discarded a seemingly endless parade of discount retailer can openers , I am , indeed , grateful to the manufacturer of this Steel Can Opener for doing that which I once took for granted -- manufacturing a product that meets or exceeds one 's expectations . In use on a daily basis for several weeks , I am able , with absolute honesty , to report that this product performs as advertised without flaw or failure . Although , for me , somewhat expensive , I am truly glad that I made this purchase and do not hesitate in recommending it to one and all .
 Feels light in the hand but does an exellent job -- we have been using for a month and have had no problem \ works as expected
 This can opener has a great grip , smooth and easy cutting on the lid . I 'm very happy with it .
 Review is simple . I was tired of going through the cheap $ 6 can openers and wanted one that would just work . This thing looks great and works better . Best Can Opener I 've ever used !
 This is a great can opener . It is extremely easy to use . I would choose this above an electric can opener .
 I 'd bought 3 can-openers in less than 2 months , paying a little more each time but throwing them all in the trash while they were still shiny clean but not working properly . I 'm a firm believer in manual anything over electric but was about to give up until getting this OXO opener . It 's still fairly new , so I do n't know about long term use , but at least for a few months now it works smoothly , cuts evenly , takes very little effort and is my opener of choice .
 I use this in a busy kitchen where there are a lot of teenagers in and out.the one small negative about this opener is that I have to teach people how to use it . It is not intuitive , and it seems like it is not working when in fact , it is . having said that , it is very easy to use -LRB- once you know how -RRB- This opener allows me to reuse the can 's top as a lid , if I still have product left in it.Everyone always asks me where I got this opener and says `` that 's SO cool `` Definitely worth the $
 works great , look even better the best can opener i ' v ever used . .
 This is the greatest can opener , it is so easy . I love it and would never buy an electric can opener again .
 what a surprise this is one great can opener having tried and failed buying ones before and now have one thats works and for a reasonable price just fantastic
 As a poor college kid , this was one of my first great splurges - $ 15.00 on a can opener , come on ! But it was so worth it ... and six years later it is still the best can opener I have ever had . Go OXO , you 'll be an heirloom at this rate .
 I traded my electric can opener in for this OXO one . It is very easy to use , removes the lid cleanly with very little effort . It has a good weight so that it is n't flimsy yet it is n't heavy either .
 It 's the first time I got a good manual opener.My wife love it . I would like to recommend it to everyone
 We 've had this can opener for about a month or two and so far it has been all that it promised . It opens cans easily . We 've gone through half a dozen can openers , both electrical and hand ones , yet all of them were complete garbage . I 'm glad to finally have one that will actually open a can when I want it to !
 My wife said she wanted it , I asked `` why would you want a manual can opener that 's $ 20 + shipping '' She said she 'd used one and it was `` wonderful '' . I do n't know about her choice of adjectives but I can say that it is , by far , the best manual can opener I have ever used . Actually easier to than our old electric . Do n't have to fight with piercing the can and having it come loose half way through the opening process and turns so easily a child could operate it . EXCELLENT Quality .
 This is such an excellent can opener ! After enjoying 2 weeks of using it since I bought it to replace the old , laborious one I have been using for 15 years , I bought another one for my elderly parents . They were talking about buying another electric one until I gave them this wonderful Oxo opener . Great for people who have hand issues . The handles and crank are really comfortable .
 Bought one for us . We liked it so much that we bought one for our daughter . It is nice to know that a technological civilization that can send robot probes to Mars CAN make a decent can opener .
 I bought this to replace a new electric hand held opener that had been stashed away for years -LRB- it operated so slow I figured a manual one would be faster -RRB- . The OXO opener is absolutely so easy for my arthritic hands to use . A little pricey compared to the model under it but I keep mine on the counter top so this one really looks nice . VERY satisfied .
 The Oxo Steel Can Opener is a joy to use . I 've been thru many electric and manual can openers in the last 35 years and none have been easier or better . I read many reviews prior to purchasing this opener and the positive reviews made it an easy choice . Thanks to everyone 's honest reviews , I actually made points with my wife who insisted on an electric opener and conceded that this was a great buy .
 I wish everything worked as well as this can opener.It uses very little effort , and makes the act of opening a can stupid easy.The handle is comfortable , beyond anything I have ever used before , and I expect it will outlast 99 % of the electrics on the market.There might possibly be better can openers out there , but I wo n't be bothering to look for them.As a carpal tunnel sufferer , I recommend this tool to save some pain.Probably works well for arthritis sufferers too.Puts the fun back into opening cans ... if that ever existed .
 I waited how many years to buy another can opener and now wished I had done it sooner ! Effortless !
 This Oxo can opener works like a charm . It replaced a KitchenAid can opener that was absolutely a horror show . However , some have said that it is dishwasher safe . The packaging that I received recommended not to place this can opener in the dishwasher .
 This can opener is my go-to even though I own an electric can opener . Never-fail , smooth operation ; it is a heavy , quality piece . I bought it in case our power went out , but use it all the time !
 Superior quality can opener . Should last for many years . Very happy with this product . I would recommend it to everyone looking for a quality can opener .
 I have had this can opener for a few days . I have found every reason imaginable to use it . It has been fantastic !! Simple elegant and most of all by far the easiest one I have had in YEARS !! I love it . Love love love .
 I had already gone through 2 can openers of different brands and all of them broke or just ... sucked after a while . My husband was going insane with how none would last so I bought this one after reading rave reviews . This one is the champion ! SO easy to use !
 I just received it today . Everthing I 've read about it is great . The old can openers wear out too quick .
 This thing is solid , well constructed with no looseness and makes opening a can an almost enjoyable experience . I 've had a lot of can openers that start getting to be more of a battle with continued use . One of them , with a very recognizable brand name , started jumping off the track a few times around the top of the can and it became very hard to turn the knob . The OXO feels fabulous , smooth , very easy to turn , it 's just a great can opener ! Bring on the cans !!!!! Highly recommended and worth the extra money . The Mercedes-Benz of can openers !! I also bought one as a gift . I like to make homemade chili and with the tomato sauces , canned tomatoes , three kinds of canned beans , canned paste , it was becoming a real chore opening all of those cans ... now ... it 's a breeze . Get this ! It 's the best .
 Work great , no issues . Easy to clean , solidly made ... nothing else to say , it does what it is suppose to without complaint .
 Really have been impressed with how easy it is to turn and open cans . I look for it immediately when I have to open lots of cans .
 I 'm so happy when we dumped our klunky , loud , unsanitary and ineffective countertop can opener ! Not all appliances are better than the old fashion manual gadgets . The OXO easily opens cans of all sizes in a flash . No more fighting with an electric opener that ca n't seem to grip the edge of the can ! This opener is so easy , fast & quiet to use and it is n't an eyesore in my kitchen . To keep it clean , we just toss it in the dish washer . After 3 years , I still love it !
 Every OXO product that I own is extremely well made and yet functional and easy to use . You would n't think that spending nearly $ 20 on a can opener would make a difference , but it really does . This is ergonomically designed and opens cans in a breeze . Highly recommended .
 Works great . It is difficult to find a hand held can opener that works without struggleing to open the cans you are trying to get into . This one does the trick .
 Our old can opener just did n't work any more , got old and rusty . We do n't like electric can opens . So we looked for one of this type of good quality . This one does a very good job and is stainless steal . Will do another evaluation in a year to let you know how it has held up .
 I have always got oxo products because they are the best , simply put . I bought these for my envious sister 'n law - I 'm sure that she 'll love them when I give them to her at Christmas
 I 've been seeking a manual opener that just works great and I found it here
 Opens my cans like slicing through butter . OXO makes fantastic products for all kitchen needs . Would buy again for myself or others .
 After going through a few awful manual can openers , I opted to purchased the most highly rated can opener available from Amazon . This can opener is totally functional and effortless.The bottle opener leaves a bit to be desired by comparison -- you 're better off using a waiter 's corkscrew or something else .
 I have had many can openers over the years with much frustration . Most would work a few times and then `` skip '' parts of the can . I was hesitant to pay so much for a can opener online but the reviews gave me hope . They were right , this is a great can opener . Easy to use and holds up over time .
 I bought one of these can openers , and they are the best ones I have ever used in my 56 years . They feel a bit heavy , but they feel like you have something substantial in your hand . Not like the cheap tin foil feeling ones that bend so easily , like most seem to be these days . They are worth the price , I am very pleased with this can opener !!! Billy Joe : -RRB-
 I had another Oxon can opener but I found it hard to grip tightly enough to use . This became an issue as carpel tunnel syndrome made my hands into hooks . This can opener is much easier to grip . It has a sharp blade that opens everything smoothly . Now I no longer have to ask my son for help opening my cans .
 I 've always used a manual can opener . I had the same one for many years which worked well . After it finally stopped working , I had to buy two or three can openers from the grocery store because none of them worked even reasonably well . Finally frustrated with not being able to open cans , I started searching on line and found this can opener . It cost a few dollars more , but it is the best manual can opener I 've ever come across . It is well worth a couple of extra dollars . I highly recommend it .
 For as long as I 've known can openers , this is THE one to use ! I 've used these can openers for most of my life , & I could n't think of using any other can opener ever !! Fyi , this product is actually cheaper at the Bed Bath & Beyond store for $ 13.99 near where I live . On top of that , if you have those $ 5 off $ 15 coupons , just purchase a small thing of candy for $ 0.99 to $ 1.59 & you 'll meet the minimum of $ 15 to use the coupon ! : -RRB-
 Got tired buying manual can openers in grocery store that opens cans half-way , decided to look for one on Amazon and found this one . Plain , simple and most important - it does the job . It feels comfortable in the hand , but for me that is secondary . Primary - no more half-open cans . Highly recommend .
 I initially was skeptical about spending almost $ 20 on a can opener , but after struggling with cheap $ 5 can openers just broke after a few uses or just flat out did n't work , I decided to give this thing a try , and I 'm glad I did . It 's well-made , the steel blade punctures can lids easily , and the handle turns easily without wearing out your wrist after opening multiple cans . This thing is well worth it !
 It 's a good can opener . Very easy to turn the lever and does a good job of opening the can . I have had this for a while , it does start to rust around where you open up the can , so that would constitute a negative . Of course , this item is made out of steel so that is simply expected , so I wo n't consider that when rating this item . So for the price , it is an excellent can opener .
 This can opener is super easy to latch and turn ! I felt frustrated after purchasing 2 different hand-held openers from a chain store -- neither would grip the can or turn without chewing up the metal . Absolutely no problems with the OXO Steel Can Opener !
 I do n't mind paying a little extra if what I buy is worth it , and this is the case with this can opener.Plain and simple
 I found the OXO can opener effortless and smooth to use . The opener seems well constructed . I got tired of buying the cheap supermarket can openers that would start skipping after a month so I splurged on the OXO .
 After buying many cheaper can openers and struggling with them , I bought this one . It is seriously the best can opener I have ever used . I get excited and find it fun to open cans now when cooking .
 I have been looking for a long time for a good , long lasting can opener . I have had electric ones , others to screw on a wall , some with magnets to hold the can cover and lots of cheap manual types . They all suffer from the same fault - short life span . They either rust , go dull or the gripping mechanism that holds on to the can fails to function . This Oxo steel opener is good quality , sharp , and stainless . The gripping mechanism actually works well . It feels solid in the hand and the rubber handles give a good grip and make turning easy . It opens cans like a charm . I have only had it for about a month now so I can not talk about its lifespan but judging from the quality of the materials it is made from , I dont expect to see rust spots on the metal blades and I expect a long life with a sharp blade . Up to now it seems like the best opener I have ever owned .
 This is the best manual can opener I have ever had . It opens cans with very little effort .
 I thouhgt about buying the one touch can opener till I read the reviews . This had good reviews and I still liked a manual can opener . This one is great . It turns very easily and thats what I was looking for . The only upgrade it could have had would have been a magnet to hold the lid of the can , instead it leaves a tiny bit of the lid attached so it does n't fall into the food . So I guess it 's 4 + + and to me that equals a 5 .
 I do n't like electric can openers so I am always looking for a nice manual one . I 've purchased a couple of really expensive European models from specialty cooking stores -LRB- I love those places but I tend to spend a LOT of money on impulse and then I do n't always use the things that I buy -RRB- . The expensive pairs are nice but I have to say that they are not as comfortable as this one . I hate looking for a can opener when I need one so I keep several around . For the price this is a great value and even though I have large hands it 's really comfortable .
 This is extremely sharp , easy to maintain , and durable . I have no gripes at all and would be shocked to find a better can opener out there .
 Love the Oxo Steel Can Opener . Learned about it from the review of a disgruntled customer who was unhappy with an electric can opener purchase and said she should have ordered one of these instead . On this passing reference to the Oxo Steel Can Opener , I looked it up and , based on product reviews , decided to order one . So far , a great product that is sharp and smooth cutting with no hangups . May it be so for a good long time . Thanks to Amazon customers for honest and helpful reviews that really are valuable in choosing good products !
 Wow - even my 3 yr old can open cans now.Before buying this , I bought cheap ones at walmart that required ALOT of force to open the cans.I highly recommend the OXO can opener ! My fingers are happy now ... : -RRB-
 This can opener works great and seems very sturdy . The handle turns very softly while opening the can -LRB- almost no effort is required -RRB- , the opener does not slip on its place -LRB- like other openers do after a while of using them -RRB- , and all parts snap at the can without any play . We are very glad we bought it !
 I love this can opener . After wasting time and money on cheaper ones , this is the best manual opener by far . Even my 8 yo daughter can use it . Much easier than an electric !
 it does a great job of opening cans . why am i even commenting on that ? well ... i have owned a few can openers over the years and was quite surprised at just how difficult it was to find one that worked liked it was supposed to . this one is easy to crank and it stays on the lid and does n't track off or skip places . it does what it is supposed to do and now days , any item that actually works as advertised is a rare thing !
 I am really happy so far with the ease of use and comfort of using this can opener . It was a great find .
 the best can opener there is ! I love it!Before getting this opener , I would always be struggling to open cans ... with the Oxo opener , it is a breeze ... it is so so easy to use and before you know it you are done ! this is a MUST buy ! I highly recommend it ... it 's money well spent .
 What can I say about a can opener ? It latches well and is easy to turn , quick to advance , smooth to open , and cuts completely through . What a can opener should be - but , unfortunately , what many are not .
 Originally the thought of spending 22 $ on a can opener was ridiculous . However after the 2nd cheap can opener in two months stopped turning I was pretty mad . I was tired of spending 10-12 $ on a can openers that did n't last , so I googled `` top rated can opener '' and I found this amazing piece of hardware . Right out of the box this thing amazed me . It 's surprisingly heavy , and very well made . The large handles feel good in your hands and the action is very smooth and clean . I went into this purchase very skeptical and came out very happy . I have to say that I have been using this can opener for about two months now and I is by far the best I 've ever seen .
 I purchased this can opener as our old one started lose grip on the cans while opening . I checked out Amazon website to see what 's available and came across this one.Very pleased with the purchase . Light weight , works very well and quite affordable for its performance.As others mentioned , it sure beats electric can openers , which are hard to clean and often starts to malperform after a year or two .
 This Oxo 58081 Steel Can Opener is terrific . For just a few dollars more than your standard `` drug store '' plastic and metal hand can opener , you get one made of quality stainless steel with the most comfortable grip and turning knob ever . It works like a charm and is really easy to hold ; it is especially helpful for those of us with slightly arthritic hands . Another real plus is that it washes beautifully -LRB- by hand -RRB- and wo n't rust . I highly recommend this brand and model of hand can opener . This item was received in timely fashion and in perfect condition .
 I love this can opener . My old opener was an ancient Swing Away , the only kind I 've ever bought for the past 30 years . Decided it was time for a change and ordered this opener because I 've never been disappointed with an Oxo product . I should have switched years ago . I could n't believe how easy it opened cans , even ones that were dented on the top . I have frozen shoulder and mild arthritis in my hands . I can open cans pain free . I highly recommend this opener .
 I have used this can opener for close to a year . It is simply the best . Highly recommended .
 Hands down , this is the best can opener I 've used in my entire life . The large handle makes opening any can so easy . The quality is top-notch ... I think this will last many , many years . I used to buy cheap $ 1 can openers at the dollar store . After I broke the 10th one I realized the stupidity of those cheap products . The Oxo can opener is a superior product that will outlive cheap can openers by 20 times the product life . Buy it !
 Over the years I have used many kinds of can openers . With the soft turning key and the rounded handle grips , this one is a pleasure to use . I ordered one for my daughter-in-law , too , as she also has trouble with her hands.This review is for the Oxo 58081 Steel Can Opener .
 I underestimated how much I would appreciate being able to open cans without squeezing tightly , twisting , trying to flex bent metal back into shape , and dipping my finger into cans of food in order to pull out a jagged-edged lid . This can opener works quickly , efficiently , neatly , and with no hassle . Sturdy but not too heavy . Cleanup is easy . Well worth every penny .
 This is the best can opener I ever had . It 's sturdy & sooo easy to turn . I like it better than electric can openers as it does n't need electricity , is reliable and does n't take any counter space . If you ever struggled with a can opener , you will love this as the handle requires absolutely no strength to turn & it attaches easily to any can .
 I looked into getting an electric opener but am happy with this simpleand extremely easy to use opener . A must for any kitchen .
 but I actually agree with my brother-in-law on something . He told me how great this can opener was and after hearing my comment `` what do I need a new can opener for '' , he ordered it for me . No question , it is the best I 've ever used . Smooth , quick , actually fun to use . For someone who does alot of food prep , this will continue to be a great tool for the kitchen . Thanks to Oxo and my brother-in-law for making opening cans a breeze .
 Only used it a few times so far but works as described - very smooth and easy to use . A +
 Look no further . The Oxo 58081 can opener is the best I have ever used . If you ca n't open a can with this ... well , it just ca n't be opened !
 For years I have struggled with manual can openers . I finally did a consumer review and it looked liked this one was the choice . I am thrilled with my new can opener . It is the very best . I have probably bought 20 different ones in the last 5 years and none of them have even come close to this .
 I bought this after my last can opener started to degrade . Easily the best can opener I have ever used - it feels solid , works smoothly , and has yet to show any deterioration in quality . I wish everything I owned was made this well .
 Trying to find a decent can opener was driving me crazy . I 'd find a solid looking prospect , only to have it fall apart , or become pretty much useless after several months . I finally came on Amazon and did a search , and after reading several reviews , decided to try the OXO 58081 . That was several months ago , and it still works like the day I got it . It 's not the cheapest , but like always , you get what you pay for .
 After complete kitchen remodel in 2010 , I looked far and wide for an under counter stainless steel electric can opener to match my appliances . I was stunned to find there were none on the market despite extensive research . -LRB- are the kitchen products design people paying attention to trends or what ? -RRB- I was forced to reassess , and realized I open maybe 2 cans of olives per month - everything else has pop tops these days ! Thus , the search for an efficient hand held opener began and the positive reviews led me to this product . The product is smooth and efficient . My only gripe is the girth of the turn-handle , which makes it a challenge to fit inside my silverware drawer on the first couple tries , but it can be done !
 I have purchased this can opener a month ago and I really like it . I have not had any problems with it so far . It is very easy to use and does not ` slip ' off the can like a lot of other can openers do . When I make soup , I open a lot of cans . My husband has commented that is makes opening cans very easy . It is very easy to clean also . -LRB- I use a dish pan . -RRB- I 'll try it out for a few more months and if it works as good as it does now , I 'll be ordering more for gifts .
 This is the best , easiest and fastest can opener I have used.I will never buy another kind again . I imagine it is something to do with the shape of the dial and the sharpness of the blade . I do n't know and I do n't care . All I know is that I love this can opener .
 Excellent addition to my kitchen ! I needed to replace the cheap can openers that I purchased after my Pampered Chef one broke . I love this can opener ! The handles are large and provided a great gripping surface , the turn handle is large which makes it easy for anyone who may have problems with their hands or wrist -LRB- I have carpool tunnel in mine -RRB- , and it opens cans in a flash . The only downside is that it can not be washed in the dishwasher - other than that - fantastic !
 I have bought all different kinds and brands of can openers that just want open a can . This does what it is supposed to do Open cans . It opens cans with ease and completely opens them . This product is as advertised . I would recommend to anyone that is tired of can openers that do n't work .
 This is , bar none , the best can opener I 've ever used , of any type -LRB- manual or automatic -RRB- . I 've ranted and raved about it to my friends and they did n't believe me , until I made them open a can with it themselves , and now they understand . It 's made of strong , hefty stainless steel , so there 's no reason it ca n't last decades , and you 'll never break or bend it by applying necessary force -LRB- not that you need much force to open cans with this guy -RRB- .
 This can opener is awesome - easy to hold and very soft and easy to twist . It used to take me minutes of frustration and wincing -LRB- the hard metal hurts to twist -RRB- to open a can but with this opener it took a few seconds and was 100 % pain free . If you do n't have the strongest hands , this is for you .
 This can opener is a joy to use . We are so glad we finally made the decision to get a new one .
 This is the best hand can opener I 've ever had ! I have arthritis in my hands and needed a can opener that I could use without pain and this is it . I like it even better than the electric one I have which , of course , is no use when the power goes off .
 i love this product ! i got it for the good reviews ! totally worth it !! It is very easy to use and easy to clean
 These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing ! I have yet to find anything that compares . This can opener is so smooth to operate and just wo n't fail . As for quality , it has n't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use . This includes throwing it in the dishwasher ! The handle is large , easy to grip and turns without effort.I was so impressed , I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house . Not only has this piece performed flawlessly , but the entire set I received has too . I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift -LRB- or both -RRB- , OXO wo n't disappoint !
 Wow !!! How I wish that I had come across this `` baby '' a long , long time ago . I would have saved plenty of money , time and annoyance with the other assorted can openers I had purchased over the years.This can opener is just the `` best ever '' and I mean that sincerely . This can opener works so smoothly , so precisely , so gently -- it glides easily with no effort ... I find that I must watch it operate to know that it is truly opening the can I am intending to open ... because it is just `` that smooth '' when it opens your cans . I am so pleased and happy with this fantastic can opener ... I tell everyone that will listen . This is a fantastic product and so worth the investment . I absolutely love this can opener ... and I just bet that you will too .
 this is the best can opener i have ever used . it is extremely easy to use . it does not leave sharp edges and the grip is very good . the blade is very sharp and never slips once secured properly on the can .
 After going through five other hand can openers , we finally found the one ! It is easy to hold -LRB- for a right hander -RRB- , opens quickly & smoothly , and does not drop the item being opened . We highly recommend this item !
 I have been through a million can openers and for some reason have had the worst luck with them . This can opener is durable and cuts through cans like butter .
 Just too good to believe . My wife can use it despite she can not has no strength to operate the electric one .
 I finally bought a highly rated , more expensive electric can opener about two years ago to replace the cheap , short-lived electric openers used in the past . Soon , it was not operating properly . Cans had to be carefully guided through the opener and restarted several times . On reading reviews on the OXO opener , I ordered one . After I opened several cans , I threw the electric opener in the garbage . The OXO opener is very easy to use on any can and provides smooth opening . When our daughter-in-law put an electric opener on her Christmas wish list , I ordered an OXO for her . As soon as she used it , she understood why we did n't give her an electric opener . She is as big a fan of the OXO opener as we are .
 &#34; You get what you pay for &#34; is never more applicable than with can openers . Those cheapo types will give you a great opener for about 5 times of use , then it seems you can do better with a butter knife . This guy -- after almost a year of -LRB- lots of -RRB- use -- just takes a licking and keeps on ticking -LRB- er , cutting -RRB- . All sized cans are no match to this ergonomically designed machine . Better than most electric openers as well .
 I grew up with electric can openers that inevitably broke or had a hard time attaching to the can , then the contents often spilled as I removed it from the magnetic holder . Back then the alternative was a hand-held manual one that was actually painful to use.After marrying we bought an electric can opener which broke soon thereafter . While waiting for the day when it was to be repaired -LRB- which ended up being never -RRB- , I bought this OXO manual can opener thinking it would be a temporary and inexpensive solution . It is awesome . We have been using ours for about 5 years and it is still going strong . It is fast , easy to use , and comfortable . There is no pain or discomfort when holding it . It cuts the can cleanly and is just plain easier to use than electric can openers . We are sticking with the OXO can opener and not going back to electric openers.I highly recommend this can opener , ditch your electric can opener and make things easier on yourself !
 I 'm a totally disabled Veteran . My wife is disabled also with a severe upper back and neck problem that affects her hands . She does n't have much strength in her hands . This can opener is so easy for both of us to use ! I believe it 's because this product is very well made . It does a great job . I 'm ordering another one . It makes a good gift also .
 As a former Chef I am picky about using only quality kitchen utensils , and I heartily endorse this can opener . Most manual can openers have a tendency to hang up or run off the lip of the can , but not this beauty . It stays on the lid without ever jumping off and has incredible ease of operation due to it 's large mechanical advantage and handle construction.This may look like a cheap can opener from the local retailer , but it 's ease of use , durability , and the fact that it is dishwasher safe -LRB- many are n't -RRB- makes this the best value for the can opener dollar imaginable .
 We 've had this can opener for several years now . I still have one of our old , el cheapo can openers which I sometimes use if I ca n't find the OXO . The OXO is so much easier to use - it tracks the can rim without jumping off , it cuts the metal easily , knob is easy to turn . Also , I do n't always get to drying my washing up quickly , but this can opener shows no signs of rust spots .
 This is the best can opener that I have ever owned . I have had it for 1 year and it has given me lots of use with no trouble.Its also very stlish and comfortable . I have Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and using gadgets like this can be difficult for me . This can opener requires less effort so its good for my hands !
 Let me get this out of the way - I love OXO products . A great design , superb functionality and a low cost are a terrific combination . My kitchen is filled with them and they are typically all great . I am a big fan of function over form , but OXO manages to mix the two quite well.As to the Can Opener - It is almost perfect . It will open any sized can quickly and easily . The grips are great , the gears and handle provide maximum results for minimum effort . It is always a good idea to have a manual can opener around , even if your primary opener is electric . I have put my electric opener away and use the OXO exclusively . It is just easier to use!If you need kitchen accessories - look at OXO first . Start with the can opener to get an idea of what OXO products are - high quality , inexpensive , great design and easy to use . After you use OXO grips , your other kitchen accessories will seem obsolete .
 I 'm very happy with this can opener . It has extremely smooth action and is effortless to use ... very easy on the wrist ! I also like the fact that it 's stainless steel so I do n't expect it to rust as others have in the past . I read the reviews on this product before I purchased it and do disagree with a few of them . Although the can opener works great I have yet to have it completely detach the lid from the can . When the opener has gone completely around the lid there is always a tiny piece of lid attached to the can that I have to twist off . No problem as far as I 'm concerned but I 'm noting it because other reviews claim the lid is completely removed .
 This is a great ergonomically designed can opener . I found myself looking for cans to open -LRB- sadly , I am not joking -RRB- . Works like a charm !
 This can opener is not only pretty , but easy to use . It does n't jump off the can rim and the turning handle is very good for arthritic fingers . I 'm very pleased with this opener .
 A big mistake was made when I gave away my first Oxo can opener to keep my new red Kitchenaid . It did n't take long for me to buy another Oxo Steel Can Opener to relieve my frustration with the red Kitchenaid that did not do a good job . It may not match all my other red utensils hanging on display but that does n't matter . If fact ; I also replaced another Kitchenaid red rubber spatula with a black handled Oxo . This is a brand you can rely on !
 I love it . It is very sharp and comfortable to use . Highly recommend it !
 My first can opener jammed about 6 months after we got it . I was very dissappointed , because it was sooooo easy to use . I phoned the company . They sent a new one , and a prepaid package to send back the old one . Shortly after we got the new one , we had more problems and they replaced it again ! That was six years ago . We still have the can opener and it is working great . The great service has led us to continue to by oxo products .
 This is WONDERFUL ! I 've had mine for several years , during which my formerly indispensable electric can opener has been left to gather dust . Even after a stroke , this was effortless to use . I often give it as a gift , and it is immediately appreciated . Costs very little when you realize how great it is .
 I bought this on Novermber 30 , 2011 , but I wanted to wait a little while before I wrote this review . Can openers have been the bane of my existence over the last several years . So , so many of them work great at first , only to fall apart or stop cutting after six months . It 's been over eight months now and this opener still works like new.I 'm the cook in the house , and I cook a lot . This can opener works very smoothly , with very little effort , is very comfortable in the hands , and has so far stood the test of time . I will update immediately if it does break or lose functionality . If you 're reading this and there 's no update , it 's still working great with heavy usage .
 This opener deserves all the praise it has received from other reviewersI have arthritis in my hands and although I rarely use canned items , I do need one to open dog food and this opener is so very easy to use that I wish I had more cans to open .
 I do n't have to struggle with THIS can opener . It is well worth the price ; it cuts through cans like a HOT knife through butter . And it opens flat so you can get to the moving parts for a thorough cleaning . What more can I say ?
 My husband , who 's picky as the chef , loves this can opener . It rotates and cuts with ease , good black rubber parts for grippping , and very attractive looking . Best can opener so far for us .
 I have spent a lot of money on useless can openers including the Pampered Chef can opener . I was hesitant to try one more with just a bunch of phony claims . Well I needed a can opener desperately so reluctantly I ordered the Oxo Steel Can Opener.Wow !! The Oxo is wonderful . I have opened many size and type cans and the Oxo never misses a beat . My 63 year old joints are having no trouble turning it . Oxo seems to be built really well so I do n't think it will fall apart with use . Ca n't wait to see how it is doing a year from now .
 This is the best can opener I have ever used . Works well on both small and very large cans . Handle turns easily . I like the stainless steel cutter .
 my wife has trouble with can openers which are hard to use . This one has big knobs and cuts the cans easily .
 This can opener has been with us for about two years now and I ca n't say I have any complaints about it . The handles with rubber grips are substantial and sturdy . The can opening device -LRB- teeth ? -RRB- has -LRB- have -RRB- not bent or given way to any cans . And , the knob has been made of durable plastic , so it has n't chipped or flaked . We typically do n't put this in the dishwasher , and I would n't really see the need to -- hot soapy water works just fine . Definitely recommend this to anyone looking to replace their can opener .
 I bought this after my electric can opener died . I bought it based on the great reviews I read on Amazon , and I could n't agree more with them . It 's so easy to turn that its actually faster than an electric opener . And its dishwasher safe . I love it !
 OXO has so many great products and this is one of them . Easy to use , quick and efficient . Getting another one for backup !
 This is a sturdy , easy to use tool . I have very weak hands -- this is the first can opener I have been able to use without pain , and actually getting the top off the can . Anyone with arthritis or other hand problems would love this can opener .
 We have gone through many can openers through the years and this one is the easiest and smoothest to operate , by far ! It is sturdier and more comfortable on the hands than any we have used and it appears to be very well made . We 're pretty sure this is the best one out there and would highly recommend it .
 OXO SteeL Can OpenerExcellent can opener . Easy to use . Gets the job done quickly.The ONLY problem was I had my 14 yr old open up a can and she cut her finger on the lid . I thought it was saposed to be smooth ?
 This is one of the better can openers out there . I like the fact that I can just pop it into the dishwasher when it gets food on it . I 've cleaned it in the dishwasher multiple times and so far there 's no rusting .
 Without question the best manual can opener going . Easy , smooth operation , nice large soft grips for those sore fingers . No more having to squeeze and twist . Solidly made and well engineered . Quite simply the best .
 I read the reviews and thought what the heck , I 'm sick and tired of buying can openers that are just worthless junk , I 'll invest in something that 's supposed to be good . Well folks , this is more than just good ; believe me when I say I actually look forward to opening cans . I love this can opener !!
 I bought about 6 can openers before this one . All broke a few months into using them . After reading the reviews , I bit the bullet and picked this one up . I wish I 'd done it sooner . It takes very little effort to hold the handles together or to turn the opener . It opens cans smoothly and does n't create metal shavings from the rim of the lid . I love this product and would definitely buy it again !
 I almost did n't get this because I thought it was a tad spendy for a can opener , but I 'm so glad I decided to just get it . We have been using the same rusted out-hard to open up can opener forever . Always saying we need a new can opener but never getting one . The first time using this we said to ourselves how dumb we were to wait so long to get a new one . This one works fantastically . So smooth and quick and effortless to open a can . It 's the perfect weight and looks sharp too . This is definitely one of those you get what you pay for lesson learned situations .
 I have tried a few other can openers . Those broke , and didnt work . But , this one is AWESOME . I highly recommend it !!
 We got this when we got married a year ago . As all the other reviewers have said , it is a fantastic no-fuss can opener -- turns with hardly any effort , always makes a clean cut .
 This replaced the can opener I 've had for about 10 years . You know the kind -- on some cans , it does n't work well and you have to keep starting new `` cuts '' and struggle to get it open.Since getting the Oxo SteeL a few months ago , cooking has become much more fun , since my days of fighting with cans are a thing of the past . This opener glides through any can like a hot knife through butter . I was amazed at first , then angry with myself for holding onto my old opener for so long.This is absolutely worth every penny . I 've got to warn you , though
 Hard to get too excited about a can opener . However , if you have your can opener stop working after 3 months and just grind metal shavings into your food you want to throw the can opener through the wall . I read all the positive reviews on this model and they are well deserved . Quality made , Good grip size and feel , Works perfect and does not slip . I do n't expect to have a problem down the road . I bought another one just because it 's nice to have two .
 Very useful , simple to use and always works . Have it for a year now and no issues .
 LITTLE PRICY BUT THE BEST OPENER I HAVE USED IN YEARS . EASY OPENING WITHOUT MUCH STRENGTH AND THAT 'S WHAT I SO NEEDED .
 I am very pleased with the OXO Steel Can Opener . I read the reviews before buying it , and most of them were all good , so I decided to purchase it , and I do not regret it !
 Best can opener hands down . My old $ 5 one purchased from the grocery store killed my hands ; not so with this gem . I now look forward to opening a slew of cans for a batch of chili or whatever my little heart desires , as its pain free . I 've said multiple times to my boyfriend that I looooove my new can opener .
 After trying virtually every can opener ever made , and even resorting to using my Swiss Army Knife , and a P-38 -LRB- works , but slow and tedious -RRB- , this OXO can opener is a dream !!!! . Smooth , easy to hold , and easy to turn the handle . Initial order of this item was never shipped , and I did have to wade through many web pages to find out how to contact Amazon customer service - they should put contact information in a more obvious spot . But when I finally talked to a rep , they overnighted a no charge replacement for the missing one .
 OXO product -- Excellent product works every time -- large knob easy to turn and quicly opens cans with no fuss -- highly recommend -- should have a very long life
 Seems insane to be writing a review on a can opener , but after wasting $ 30 buying garbage ones from the grocery store I feel it 's my duty to share the word about the perfection that is OXO . Thi can opener could n't be better . When my old one broke after 10 years , I kept picking up new ones and none worked . Just buy this thing and wait the two days for it to be shipped . You ca n't ask for anything better . Sublime product !
 I purchased this can opener several years ago , and have opened quite a few cans since . Worked great from day one , and has never let me down . It solidly locks on to the can , the handle is perfect to get a good grip and with a quick couple turns the can top is free . Design wise it might be possible to improve -LRB- you might feel it looks dated -RRB- , but for basic function this product is flawless .
 Easiest to use manual can opener ever . It takes no pressure and the cans open with ease . This is highly recommended
 I read a lot of reviews before deciding to get this.Most of the time the product is not as good as described.This can opener was every bit as good and more.It is an excellent buy.Works smoothly and easily as the reviews claimed . .
 It is amazing how many horrible can openers there are . We wanted a good one and bought this based on prior reviews . This review will serve to echo the many that came before it ... this is a good one !
 It 's sturdy , it 's sleek , it 's comfortable , and it 's reliable . No more tired wrists and fingers . Definitely worth the money . : -RRB-
 With this can opener , opening cans is a smooth , quick , and enjoyable feat . I am glad I threw out the cheaper one .
 I purchased a new can opener on a whim a few years ago at a local grocery store , and it worked well for the most part ; however , I put it in the dishwasher a few too many times and it was shot . I searched online for a can opener that would last me longer , having learned my lesson and knowing to only hand wash moving forward , and I stumbled upon this one . I have to say , I 'm impressed . I 've only just begun to use it , but it 's the nicest one i 've ever used . The ease of use is impressive , and it 's very comfortable in my small hands too ! All in all , i 'm a fan . I will have to see how well it stands the test of time , but for now , i 'm happy .
 Absolute best can opener ever !!! I was just about to give upand deal with all those other irritating painstaking things out thereand then the OXO came along . THANK YOU to whomever inventedit ! Once you purchase it . . none of the others will do . Automatic onestip over when opening big cans or get stuck . Other manual models do n'tcut smoothly skip all the time and hurt your fingers . Not OXO uebersmooth.Love it ! Love it , Love it !!
 After a few months of near daily use , the can opener is still holding up well and has no rust or wear on it and the blades havent started to dull yet from what I can tell . Ca n't complain ... it opens cans easily .
 I have struggled for years to find a decent can opener that I ca n't break ! I 've had this for about 6 months and it has stood up to the test . It opens cans smoothly and easily with no effort whatsoever . Buy it !
 This opener cuts very clean . It is unusually easy to turn . We wish we had replaced our other opener with this one a long time ago .
 over the past year or so i have bought a few can openers most have failed in a short amount of time i have only hd this one for about a week but it by far is the easiet to use we will see how it holds up the reviews on this opener were pretty good its worth a try
 THE KNOB ON THIS THING IS WONDERFUL ! IT CUTS REALLY WELL & IT 'S A VERY STURDY OPENER AS WELL . IT SURE SEEMS LIKE IT 'LL LAST A LONG TIME . LOVE IT !
 Best can opener we 've ever had -LRB- and at age 62 we 've had many -RRB- . Very Highly recommended . Works smooth and effortlessly .
 Not much can be said about a can opener . Its a can opener , but whats important is that the grip be comfortable , the opener blades remain sharp and rust over time.This can opener has it all , but the price is too much . I got it and love it , but constantly question why I paid over $ 15 to open a 50 cent can .
 I am so glad I ordered the stainless steel model so it will not rust . I love the smooth cutting action and it is very comfortable to use . It seems to have a lot more strength and control than others I 've owned . The price was great for such a quality item . I was ready to pay a lot more to finally get a great , longlasting can opener/bottle opener .
 If you are tired of electric openers that do n't , and flimsy hand units that strip out their gears after only a few cans o ' tuna , you need this product . It is a finely crafted , well balanced solid unit . It makes me think of teutonic surgical instruments , or picking up a 7-10 split . Cans quake in fear at its mere appearance . It slices through can tops like some metallic surfer carving the galaxy . It is truly a samurai katana of a can opener . Do n't balk , just buy it , you 'll find yourself grinning like a winner every time you reach for it . I built a special velvet-lined walnut case for mine , with a digital music chip that plays `` Running With The Devil '' by Van Halen every time I open it .
 I 've always been a Swing-A-Way guy myself , but when my mom asked for a `` good can opener '' I did a bit of investigating and this one seemed to get the highest marks all around.She found it perfect from the first can . Apparently , all the excitement generated over this unit in the can opener category is earned.A great purchase , and I 'll be sure to get another for her summer home and for myself .
 I bought the best opener from Walmart and it did not open the first can I needed it for . The geared drive started spinning when turned . I got online and researched best hand openers and found this one highly rated . I bought it and have used it several times without any problems . Seems to be a quality made product .
 I have owned many can openers and this one is by far the beat . It opens the can smoothly , no missed edges and the lid never falls into the product . Very good investment .
 After sucking it up and paying more than $ 3 for a can opener , I can honestly say I 'm glad I did . Have been using it for daily for a year and it works so well . If it ever breaks , I am buying a copy .
 Sure it 's expencive but you do get what you pay for . This can opener works very smoothly , makes a nice clean cut and is comfortable in your hand . My kitchen is loaded with Oxo products and like the other Oxo kitchen tools and devices this can opener is well designed , good quality and should last for many years . I use it almost everyday and it still puts a smile on my face , I ca n't believe I waited so long to get a can opener that actually works .
 Title says it all . Fantastic can opener . Seemed silly at first spending nearly $ 20 on something as simple as a can opener , but I really am quite happy with it . Very little effort needed when opening anything . Definitely recommend .
 I have had owned a lot of can openers over my lifetimeNone has come close to this one.Super easy to use , easier and better than an electric can opener.Very easy on my hands . Easily opens all cans.Never jumps of the can 's rim.Always completely cuts the can lid off!I love this can opener.I buy them as gifts for my friends when I find out they have normal junky can openers .
 After reading other reviews , I chose this product to replace an electric can opener that did n't work too well . It opens all cans very well with the least amount of effort . I would definitely recommend this high quality product .
 Works so much better than most inexpensive electrics . Big handle makes it easy to turn .
 ABSOLUTELY , love this can opener . . It is the easiest operating opener I have ever owned . Living in Fl. , a manual can opener is a must & I have had at least 3-4 over the last 10 yrs that ended up in the trash . . THIS one is a sure keeper . .
 Was given as a gift and was much appreciated . Dishwasher safe - very easy to use . I have had one for two or three years - looks like new and is used all the time . This replaced my electric opener and have never regretted it . Ideal for those of us who have swollen , sore hands .
 If I were to be reincarnated as a manual can opener I would choose to be an Oxo Steel Can Opener . It does what it is supposed to do flawlessly , easily and enjoyably.I 'd like to thank Amazon and my fellow customers who take the time to rate their purchases . When 101 of you gave this a five star rating , I knew I would be completely happy , at least manual canopenerwise.The other can openers are now in the recycling bin and I can look forward to an easy life canopeningwise.It began last week when I was doing battle with a can and having no luck and having to assault the can with a hammer and chisel.I said to myself , `` Self . There has to be a better way . '' And , as my research on Amazon showed , there was . I will deny myself a Lamborghini but surely not the Lamborghini of manual can openers !
 Remember , in a power outage , the manual can opener still works , heh . And they are quieter . This one is so much better than the cheap types I 've subjected myself to in the past . This one opens cans when I squeeze and turn the finger-friendly handle - that 's all I wanted , and that 's what I got . Stainless and easy to clean . It looks nice enough to hang up . Very satisfied .
 This is a great manual can opener . Very effortless . First crack of the can is its best feature as it does it so easily . The wide black rubbery turner is comfortable and does a clean fast job of removing the can lid .
 I 've owned one of these openers for almost two years . Purchased additional openers for family who were unhappy with their current model . Works great even for those with small hands , no struggling .
 After going through countless electric can openers that would break I finally decided to go back to a manual . This Oxo opener is a winner . Easy to use , as quick as an electric , and comfortable in the hand .
 I 've had this opener for 3 months and I 'm very happy with it . It is very easy to operate and the handle is broad ; easy to hold onto . It does leave a small piece at the end uncut but I perfer that to the top falling into the can and it snaps off easily .
 It 's comfortable to use , appears well-built , and opens cans.As it is a can-opener , what more could you want?Highly reccomended - yes , it 's a uni-tasker , but it 's inexpensive and small .
 This is the best manual can opener I 've used . In fact , I 'd rather use this than my electric can opener . It is very easy to use and the large rubber twister is very easy to grip and turn . The can opener is fairly large in size which is good for me having larger hands . I would recommend this to every household .
 This can opener is very good . It is smooth and little effort is required to open cans -LRB- even thick cans ! -RRB-
 This is the easiest to operate can opener I have ever used . `` Swingaway '' was my previous favorite for years-they lasted a long time but this `` Oxo '' is much easier to turn on a can - love the larger handle !
 All OXO kitchen tools are great . This is another one . Solid build . Opens cans easily .
 So far so good . The blade cuts into the can nicely , and the large handle makes it very easy to turn . It did leave the last little bit keeping the lid attached to can -LRB- broke by pressing down -RRB- . I 'll report back about the durability after a year or so .
 I 've been looking for a good manual can opener for years . I just tried out this one , and I think this is it . It is so easy to operate . It does n't hurt my hand to use it , and it effortlessly opened my cans . It also seems to be made of materials that should minimize rust . Rust has always been a problem with previous openers . So , I have high hopes . I 'm going to order more while Amazon has a special promotion on it .
 I would never guess that a hand can opener is easier to use over an electric . Once you use this , you will NEVER want to use anything else . I find myself buying canned stuff over fresh stuff just to use this ... ok not really but it 's that dang good !
 I like this can opener because it is easy to handle and use . The blade is sharp .
 This is an absolutely superb can opener . It 's so easy to use a four-year old child could operate it and makes opening cans about as much work as eating a bowl of ice cream . We had another OXO can opener previously , but this one is by far the downright best can opener we 've ever owned . I would highly recommend it if you want to make opening cans as easy as taking a breath of air .
 Best can opener I 've ever used . Insisting on 20 words for a can opener is ridiculous . Easy to turn the big handle . Cuts completely and evenly through the can lid .
 This manual can opener works like a charm . I have had it for about a month , so I ca n't comment on its longevity -LRB- but there are reviews on amazon from several years ago , so that 's a good sign -RRB- . I did n't want to deal with an electric or a rechargeable , since they are more likely to fail.It is easy to grip . It sets on the lid of the can easily . And turning the knob to open the can is effortless . It has some weight to it , which makes it feel well made and solid . I 'm hoping that it will last a long time.I have had the following can openers recently : ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Black & Decker KEC600 Cordless Can Opener * It failed after 2 years due to rechargeable battery going dead.Good Cook Orbi SafeCut Can Opener * It failed after 2 years ; the teeth no longer gripped the can.Amco Swing-A-Way * Had 2 of these ; old ones . The teeth no longer gripped the can.I bought the `` Oxo SteeL Can Opener '' because of all the good reviews on amazon . So far , I am very pleased with my purchase . `` Seek ye the LORD while he may be found , call ye upon him while he is near : '' -LRB- Isaiah 55:6 -RRB-
 We went through several $ 5 can openers before springing for the more expensive OXO -- our big dog food cans wore them out -LRB- and hurt our hands -RRB- . This thing cuts through those cans like a warm knife through butter.It 's worth the investment , folks .
 Heavy duty , easy glide . I 'm left-handed & this can opener is a dream to use . Worth every penny , if not more !
 Simple , basic , not fancy . Open cans with ease . Perfect . That is all there is to say about this little can opener .
 I have used an electric can opener for as long as i could remember . Well it finally bit the dust , and so picked this one up . Great value , super easy to to use , comfortable in my hand
 I like the oxo can opener because when you try to open the can it open real easy . The reason I bought oxo can opener I did n't want the wheels that turn to open the cans will rust . I did not like to look at the rust an think it would look good in my food . so far it works great Jerry C.
 Not a lot one can say about a can opener other than `` It Just Works '' ... and this one does with a minimum of effort . I would definitely recommend this item . Please note it states `` not '' to be used in dishwasher .
 Very high quality feel and sturdy feeling . Very smooth and low effort to open cans with . The item feels like it will last forever .
 Nothing much to say . It 's simply the best can opener I 've ever had . It does n't do anything special - it just plain works . It cuts easily and the huge twist handle makes it really easy to crank . Who needs magnets or electricity ? This is as simple as it gets .
 We have had many can openers in our 47 years of cooking . This works very well for all can types and shapes . It also opens 180 for easy cleaning .
 I 've tried many different types of can openers . I even tried the `` As Seen On TV '' one that does n't leave sharp edges -LRB- that thing only lasted about a month until it broke -RRB- . After trying a couple of different hand openers -LRB- and managing to break them relatively quickly -RRB- I finally broke down and spent the extra cash on this one.I 've been using it for almost a year now and it works just as it did the day I bought it . It grips the can easily and opens with little effort . It 's hard to explain , but the feel is just different than your average can opener . It 's smoother and feels more durable.I highly recommend this opener . It 's built to last .
 No need for an electric if you have one of these . Heavy duty , high quality , very easy to use , even if you have arthritic problems .
 I have only opened a few cans with it , but using this can opener is like slicing a knife through butter . Hope it keeps up the good work ... time will tell .
 This can opener is THE smoothest manual can opener I have ever used . It does n't take up space on my counter top , it 's easy to clean , and it 's silent . Yes , you still have to turn the handle or whatever , but it is nearly effortless , and I 'm a tiny female with tiny hands . Proportionate tiny hands . Why waste electricity ? I never thought I 'd say this , but I wo n't be using electric any more .
 I 've been using the Swingaway for years , since that 's what my mom had . But I finally got tired of it not working well and bought this Oxo . I am so glad I did ! It 's much easier on the hands to turn the handle and it does the job perfectly .
 Had some concerns when researching this , as looked like may be &#34; cheap &#34; feeling -- is not . Very hefty and solid , opener works flawlessly , and is comfortable in hnad .
 Product works and looks great . Opens cans with ease . The older I get , the more I appreciate tools that are easy on the hands . Definitely recommend .
 In my quest to downsize and take myself off the electronic grid as much as possible , this can opener is AWESOME . No effort required and opens the cans cleanly . Definite recommend .
 Makes opening cans so easy ... the handle is very comfortable and the can opener just snaps right onto the cans ... I like this way better than an electric can opener !
 This is the best can opener i have ever used.This is the best can opener i have ever used .
 I have had this now for what , almost 3 years.I have not come across anything I have not been able to open.A good and strong structure with quality materials.This is a great company with many products made in Germany.I happen to own two of this companies products and they are both very high quality with a long life ahead of them .
 Works like it should !!! Easy to turn and easily opens the can !!! I would buy this again . Easy to store .
 After trying alot of other &#34; special &#34; openers , I was very pleased to find that this opener really opens cans like it should ... easily !
 Love this can opener . I ca n't say enough good things about it . It is very well made , comfortable , and easy to use .
 Have had several garbage can openers and finally one that works!Opens with no problem . Highly recommend this can opener .
 After years of buying low quaity can openers at the local supermarkets - I finally purchased the Oxo can opener primarily based on the other reviews . I am not dissapointed . Excellent quality .
 I just got out of a bad break-up . . -LRB- lol -RRB- with a crappy , cheap manual can opener ! And , there was nothing ` man ' about it !!!! But , this one !!! Ouch !!! So far it 's just cuttin through the cans like a power saw . Maybe it 's my manly grip though . . lol . EAsy to grip . . super sharp ... . just hopin it stands the test of time . That 's always the thing with these ` men ' is n't it . ... i 'm in rare form today with my reviews . But , i am lovin this !!!! XOXO !!!!!!
 I HAVE HAD OTHER BRANDS BUT NONE WORKED AS WELL AS OXO . NO TOPS GETTING CAUGHT ON OPENER , NICE AND SMOOTH EDGES . GLIDES AROUND CAN NO EFFORT . I AM VERY SATISFIED
 We liked this can opener so much we were sad when we could n't find it after a move . So , we ordered it again -LRB- maybe another seller the 2nd time -RRB- . Then ordered it for the third time recently as a Christmas gift . I can not locate the order history of all 3 purchases for this so I do n't know where we went wrong but one of the times we ended up with a black handle version with a plastic knob . Both versions are good but I think the silver/black handle one is superior and that is the one we most recently received which we ordered from this listing .
 this is the best can opener I 've ever usedit works easily and very wellwell worth the price thank you
 My wife tossed my trusty 20 opener because it looked so grungy , so we purchased any old new one at a kitchen department . It was a kitchen aid brand and it &#34; looked &#34; very nice , . From day one the new one just would ' t grab onto the can . The handle of the kitchenaid opener was made of some cheap metal and bent so so easy . After about 3 tries , went to the trusty amazon reviews and purchased the OXO . This one works great , as expected from all the positive reviews .
 I love this can opener . It is well worth spending a few extra dollars to get a opener that works .
 I waited until I had real world knowledge and experience using this can opener and how really worked.After almost 2 full years of daily use , this can opener has lasted longer than any of the 10 can openers that I purchased in the preceding 3 years.So far , the OXO Can openerOXO Steel Can Openerhas not missed a beat or not opened a can.I have not had the urge to take a hammer to it or make derogatory comments about it to anyone and everyone.The OXO can opener just keeps on opening cans.No skinned fingers or knuckles , No sore thumbs , No slipped spilled or dropped cans , Just cleanly opened cans.I certainly have recommended this to friends , and Amazonians .
 I purchased this for my mom who has issues with her hands . The large handles are comfortable and it consistently opens can without having to go around multiple times . Would purchase again !
 This is the first can opener I have ever had that opens immediately . My husbands says it feels like cutting through butter . We are so happy with this purchase . We usually spend $ 10 on a can opener or less . This was the best $ 17 ever spent . I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a can opener that works without any effort .
 Of all the can openers I 've used in the past 60 years , only this one and the very old Tala rotary can opener -LRB- from the 1950s -RRB- have worked consistently . Most of the others disengage from the can after a few turns , or require an eagle eye to engage with the lid right from the start . This one is perfect , and fits very comfortably in the hand .
 I 've been through several , and this is my favorite , hands down . I 've learned to take care of it , though . After using , A thorough rinse , then a folded long strip of paper towel , stick it in as if you would the lid of a can , and turn turn turn . It 's picks up every last bit of crud AND dries thoroughly .
 Very easy to use , operates smoothly , does n't require a lot of pressure to turn , comfortable handle . Only negative if not dried right away starts to rust .
 Very nice . Easy to use . Little turning effort . Holds can securely . Comfortable grip . Only thing preventing a five star rating is it sometimes leaves the last tiny bit of lid uncut .
 I 'd been struggling with a cheap can opener since hubby picked one up in the grocery store . He could man-handle it and get it to work , but my efforts left me frustrated and downright ticked off time and again ! If I saw another metal shard of the can floating around on top of my food , I thought I 'd scream ! Finally , he got me theSteeL Can OpenerWHAT A DIFFERENCE ! It is a JOY to use , leaves NO bits of metal in my can and I SIMPLY LOVE IT . Been using it for the last 4 or 5 months and not a speck of rust anywhere ! Still working just as great as the day he bought it!Never been a fan of electric can openers , but I 've always had to wrestle with the manual ones ... until NOW.This can opener glides along so effortlessly ... you just wo n't believe how easy it is to use ! I can see that it would be very useful for a person with small motor issues.Built to last , you will NOT be disappointed ... BUY IT , YOU 'LL LOVE IT , TOO ! HIGHLY recommended and worth every penny !
 Has replaced my electronic can opener . Attaches easily to cans , requires minimal effort to turn - which is especially helpful if you have weak hands or wrists . It 's a great can opener .
 I eat A LOT of canned tuna ... and this can opener works wonders ! I had previously owned three cheap different can openers from various stores . And they were all junk . Eventually I bent or broke the openers out of pure frustration because they would n't stay on the can . But this one does n't have that problem . It has worked every time I 've used it since I bought it two months ago . Amazon reviewers never steer me wrong . I hope to keep this opener for quite some time .
 Great product . Opens all cans with ease . Easy on the hands and works great .
 OXO is a product that I buy often because of it 's high quality . This can opener was purchased for a relative with tendenitis that needed an opener that was easy on her wrists to use . This one is ideal .
 I 've never quite gotten `` the hang '' of electric can openers -- if I get the can open , it 's truly LUCK -- not SKILL . Decided to return to a good old-fashioned can opener , but since they can be hard to turn at times , I decided to splurge on this one . It is soooo well worth the extra money . I just love Oxo 's squirting dish brush -LRB- the only one I 've ever used that does n't leak ! -RRB- , & I will definitely try more of their products . Truly impressive .
 ... this is the thought that immediately popped into my head upon first using this can opener . Whether or not it makes sense is irrelevant ; the point is that this is an excellent can opener.Pros : - It 's dishwasher safe -LRB- a lot of can openers are n't , apparently -RRB- . - It feels solid and well-built . - Opening a can with it is remarkably smooth and effortless.Cons : - None so far.I originally mulled over whether paying ~ $ 16 for a can opener was ridiculous when there are many cheaper options available . I 'm glad I went through with it , though , because I 've never used a better can opener in my life and it seems like it will last a very long time .
 I 've been using an ancient swing away for 25 years and it just did n't work anymore . OK , so it did n't owe me anything and worked great for the price but after trying this one by Oxo I did n't know how good a can opener could be . I know , how excited can you be over a can opener after all , it just opens cans right ? Well yes thats all it does but it does it so easily and so cleanly it is truly a pleasure to use . It cuts clean and does n't twist the can dumping liquid all over the counter . I love the handle which protrudes out just enough so you can get a good easy grip and it turns effortlessly . I think this is very well thought out , great product .
 The title of my review says it all
 I never owned a non-electric can opener so was n't sure what to expect . This one works perfectly . It is very easy to turn and has never slipped or needed any extra effort to open every can I 've needed opened . It also came in handy when the power went out !
 This is the best can opener I 've ever used ! I 've had mine for at least 5 years and it still works as well as the first day . I put it in the dishwasher regularly so I know that it 's always clean and germ-free . I also bought one for my mom and for both of my sons .
 I must admit that this not the exact OXO can opener that I have . Mine is exactly like it except it has the soft handles - not like the less expensive model with the bottle opener . Otherwise mine is identical and I would n't be able to function in the kitchen without it . I 've had mine for about 3 or 4 years - maybe longer - time flies . I saw where only a few reviewers were disappointed . I do n't understand how that could be possible . Like another reviewer , I grew tired of electric can openers that eventually would n't hold onto the can while cutting the lid or the blade would become dull or bent so it was useless . Also , got tired of taking up counter space . I do n't think anyone will be sorry for buying this can opener . It 's well worth every penny .
 I never thought I 'd say I love a can opener , but I love this one ! After a lot of searching for a reasonably priced can opener without a PVC coating -LRB- my oldest son is allergic to PVC -RRB- , I found this one . It 's heavier than any can opener I 've ever owned . It feels very sturdy and is comfortable to hold . The blade is super sharp , it cuts through cans like butter . Easy to clean and can go in the dishwasher . I 'm very pleased with it !
 Just got the can opener and it is a pleasure to us . However , the last can opener we purchased was also a pleasure to use when we first got it . So we will see how it performs a year from now . That 's how you can tell if it is a `` good '' can opener .
 I purchased this can opener because the electric can opener I owned died . The reviews I read for this one were excellent . This is truly an easy to use can opener . It has good weight and the turn knob works smoothly . I do n't have very good strength in my hands , and this opener works great for me . I highly recommend this for someone who does n't want the hassle of cleaning an electric can opener or may have a hard time twisting a manual one .
 I recently purchased this can opener and it is the easiest to use . It turns very easily and does not require very much to open a can . The lid detaches without any hassle . I have owned many electric and manual can openers and have found this to perform the best . It is also easy to wash . I like having a can opener with no frills . It does the job well !
 Easy to use and has been able to open any can I 've used it on , not so with my old can opener .
 we have had a hell of a time with junky openers , we have tried to buy the best or highest priced unit every time only to find out its junk , I finally looked on-line and wanted to try this before we just broke down and bought a commercial unit . so far its been great and you can tell its better just by how it opens up . It was also at a great price , cheaper than some we have bought
 I ca n't tell what the difference is by looking at it , but it 's working far better than the several previous can-openers we 've used .
 love anything oxo . This replaced another oxo can opener that we 'd had for 10 years that was now too dull . Thank you , OXO !
 I have went through several can openers within the last year and was doubtful I would find one that actually worked . After searching around and reading a lot of reviews , I decided to give this one a try . I 'm glad to say that it actually works and is pleasant to use . Very smooth mechanism when turning the handle , the can is opened completely the first time around and it does n't shred the label in the process ! Get one , you wo n't regret it .
 ive never had such an easier can opener before . in 3 sec u can open ur can and without leaving any rough sides . very recommended for anyone
 Nicely designed and easy on the hands.This is the best manual opener I 've ever owned.If it wears as expected it should be one of the last also
 This opener works great , much better than my old one . I prefer hand-held openers over electric , and Oxo , as with all its utensils , is great .
 My family opens many cans . Many of our previous can openers would leave us struggling to open a two-third opened can before it gave out and was impossible to use . This can opener has no problems . It opens cans smoothly . The turning mechanism is large and easy to grip while turning , and the blades do a great job of opening cans -LRB- and has done so in the six months -RRB- . The handles are thick and heavy , which makes everyone that uses it feel like it will last for a long time unlike most other cheap openers.Absolutely worth it . If you 've struggled with can openers before , you wo n't get too much better than this one .
 Works great easy to use opens can all the way.Very heavy duty steel should last for many years to come .
 I have arthritis and fibromyalgia , so I need an easy to use can opener . This one works ! I bought one from Target about a year ago and it did great ! In fact it did so well that when I took it my daughters this past Thanksgiving , it did not make it home . Oops . Whoever has it now , is n't giving it up . So , I bought another here on Amazon . So impressed with this can opener and my Oxo peeler , I want to switch all my kitchen gadgets out for Oxo stuff .
 Love this can opener . It works great , cleans easily , and looks good . There is no down side . I have been using it for a month now and think it is amazing .
 I have used swing-a-way brand openers for 30 years and they have n't changed a bit . This product is similar but slightly better , I think because of sharper blades . Like many oxo products it is overpriced but if you forget that you will like it for a long whileOne off for price
 Much prefer this than goofing around with the electric can opener we own , extremely easy to use , very little effort is needed to turn the handle , would reccommend to a friend .
 I 've been through 2 can openers this year , and was determined to find a good solid one that easily cuts through without slipping . This is it . It is working flawlessly now ; if it lasts , I could feel comfortable saying it is perfect .
 Ease of use makes this product amazing buy . It is almost unbelievable how we could have used the old one for so long !!! If you read this review and you are not sure which one to buy ... you can be sure that this one is indeed a GREAT one ! We are enjoying it very very often .
 I usually do n't leave reviews but I was compelled to for this can opener . It 's really hard for find a durable and easy to use can opener , but look no more . This item is it . Will normal use , this can opener can last for a long time . It just feels very durable with minimal energy to use . Heck people with severe arthritis maybe able to use this can opener with easy , probably easier that those electric can opener that are less durable and cumbersome .
 Oh so easy to use . Cuts entire lid off cans with ease . Feels very well made . So worth ordering . Package arrived on time and very quickly . I could only find this item on Amazon . Target and Walmart did not stock a can opener this nice at the time I was looking .
 I bought this as a replacement for another can opener that was replamcement for another , that was a replacement for another ... and so on . I have finally broken the chain of terrible can openers , including a Black & Decker electronic ` walking ' one . You will be amazed by how smooth and easy this can opener really is . Buy this one and you will never have to buy another ... unless you lose it .
 Everyone else has said it better . Just will add my two cents worth that this is the best can opener ! Have used it for two years now and absolutely no problems .
 I went from an electric to this product and I have no regrets . It fits great in the utensil drawer and looks great with everything else that is stainless steel in my kitchen . Also a very good price .
 The OXO 58081 Steel Can Opener surpasses all the other can openers I have used over the past few decades . Previously , I favored electric openers -- as elaborate as those with knife sharpeners -- and found they failed as swiftly as some of the older , more difficult to handle , manual hand held openers . With arthritis , I maintain this is the best and most efficient kitchen necessity I have bought in recent times.For ease of use , this one is the best .
 This can-opener works extremely well . The mechanism is extremely smooth , and the device is comfortable to hold . The bottle opener is too small .
 I ran across this opener at a friend 's house and could n't believe how easy it made can opening . I 've had many different can openers over the last 35 years -LRB- electric , battery , & manual -RRB- and this one is the absolute best I 've ever used compared to them all . It turns can opening into child 's play . Everything is relative , but I actually enjoy using it . : - -RRB-
 Very happy with how smooth and easy it is to use - like cutting butter . Cuts very clean . My old can opener was not cutting all the way around the edges so I was having to rip off the top , cutting myself quite frequently . I believe this new can opener will save me from such silly injuries and at an excellent price ! Would definitely refer this product to my friends and would buy another myself in the future .
 Best can opener I have ever used . Plus my wife does n't complain about opening cans anymore . Very good product .
 The reviews are so great for this can opener I thought I 'd try it . Thanks everyone for your reviews . I LOVE This thing . I ca n't say a thing bad about it , everything has opened with ease . I 'll never buy an electric opener again . Great Item
 This can opener works great !! It is very sharp , glides easily , simple , I love it ! Great quality . I would recommend it and buy it again .
 I was in an accident and have trouble with gripping and strength in my hands . I was to the point where I was dreading any time I had to open a can with my funky old can opener . I 'm so glad I bought this one.It goes through cans like butter ! And the grip is super easy to handle , and does n't require much strength . Really worth the splurge .
 Okay , my old rusty can opener died after many years of use . It was rusty , the teeth were wearing off , and it slipped and skipped when opening a can , resulting in frustration , scuffed knuckles , and a few cuss words . Being a cheapskate , I was trying to stretch the life as long as possible , but finally it gave up the ghost . While I was looking for a replacement I found this thing and read its many rave reviews . I 'm thinking `` it 's just a damn can opener , not a ginzu knife , why all the fuss ? `` I bought this , based on all the rave reviews , thinking `` What I sucker I am , I could get a can opener like my old one for ten bucks , I 'm paying double that for this thing '' but I went ahead and got it.I have been using this for six months now , and can attest that it is worth every penny . It is very easy to `` start '' , getting a good grip and `` bite '' into the can lid . It has a smooth action , is easy to turn , and there is no slipping or skipping . The handle is shaped so that it is easy to grip , and is does not dig into your hand or stress your fingers as my old one did . My wife and teenage daughter find it easy to use and easy on the hands.It washes up easily by hand or dishwasher , and is well made so there is no rust or other deterioration.On top of all that it looks great ! I highly recommend it .
 After reading the positive reviews , we bought 2 of these can openers with a little bit of skepticism . My husband and I both LOVE them ! They work like a knife through warm butter . The reviews said dishwasher safe and that was a huge selling point for me , but the packaging says not to put them in the dishwasher . However , since they are stainless steel , I could n't see the harm in washing them in the dishwasher , and it has n't hurt them a bit . I recommend them wholeheartedly with no reservations at all .
 I have owned this can opener for a couple years now . It is the best one I have ever used considering both handheld and electric units . It is very easy to use and cleans up nicely in the dishwasher . Looks like it should last longer than I will .
 I am asked to review many things ~ ~ & usually I do n't bother to reply , but this time I want to . This is the best can opener I have ever used.Ever !! It is comfortable for the hand , operates smoothly , leaves no sharp edges and ~ ~ ~ well , it 's just a wonderful product.Very well designed ...
 First , I 'm not arthritic , even though that was the basis for the design . And if you look at other Oxo products you 'll notice two things . They are easier to handle and -LRB- for the most part -RRB- can be used by righties or lefties without any problems.All of that said this is one very sturdy can opener . I 've had it for five years now and though the handle design has changed slightly -LRB- stainless steel now instead of just black rubber -RRB- it 's just as large as the newer model , just as comfortable in the hand , and just as easy to clean . Best of all the turning handle is just the right size . It 's easy to grip -LRB- rubberized grip -RRB- and easy to turn -LRB- large diameter -RRB- . These two features together reduce the usual strains on all those joints and bones of the hand.Which , of course , was the original intent .
 This can opener is very well built and does just what it says . I had a Black and Decker electric can opener but it was very hard to clean and after a couple of years it quit . This oxo seems like it will last a lot longer plus it cuts into cans like a hot knife into butter . It does not take up a lot of room and is ergonomic and operates smoothly and effortlessly .
 I have used electric and manual can openers and this one , with its large padded handle , is very easy to use and leaves a surprisingly smooth edge . My earlier manual openers left little kinks around the edge of the lid . Another good point is that the handles spread open almost 180 degrees . That 's not helpful in opening cans but it makes it much easier to clean the cutting wheel and gears.To be completely fair , though , the product description states `` Safe to use in dishwasher '' and the delivered product clearly states `` Hand wash only . '' Amazon should correct the product description .
 This critter opens 8 cat food cans a day , day-in and day-out along with an assortment of pantry products for the family . Looks like I need a second one because we all wait at the dishwasher for the dry cycle.So far , it has held out over a year with no rust or fading.Only drawback is that the opener has cut off more cat whiskers than my p-38 . G.I. P-38 Can Openers -LRB- 15 Pack -RRB-
 We 've been using an electric can opener for years now , and it 's all of a sudden decided to stop going around the can rim . I contemplated getting another electric opener , but saw all the great reviews for this one and figured I 'd give it a try . I was definitely not disappointed . It works much easier and quicker than an electric opener does!Very smooth can opening , no jagged edges to mess with , and , like I stated , much quicker than an electric . It 's a tad expensive but well worth the money . I would highly recommend this product -- good for kids and adults with hand difficulties too !
 Hopefully this will be the last can opener that I 'll ever need . Has heavier weight and feel that comparable openers at the big box store . For those cans without a pull tab , this product makes opening a snap .
 I love this Oxo manual can opener . It 's easy to use -LRB- even with arthritic hands -RRB- and the blade is sharp and easily punctures any can .
 I was desperate for a good opener . I had one that would n't unhook from the can . I ended up throwing out the can and opener . The Oxo can opener is very easy to work . Best of all it works . I would definitely recommend this opener .
 Cuts clean and with ease . My wife has had a stroke and is partly paralized on the left side with not much strength in her left hand , but had no trouble operating this can opener .
 This can opener is better than any I have owned previously , but not perfect . After a year or so , the gear mechanism is starting to slip when I first start turning the handle . Also , the opener does leave a little strip of metal between the can and the lid , as some other reviewers have mentioned . This is not a good thing , since sometimes the little strip falls into the can when I twist or bend the lid to completely separate it . However , I have never owned one that does n't do this .
 I ordered this for my wedding i could n't find any other topper i liked and i seen this one and i absolutely loved and its more beautiful if person .
 This zester creates strips of zest that are perfect for the decorative flourish on salads , fruits , desserts , pastas , etc. . I also like the thick zest created by this zester in my pasta . The other reviewer is right though that if you needed finely grated zest this is n't the right tool . The microplane grater is perfect for very fine zest such as what you would need in key lime pie .
 Got it cause the wife said she wants one . Never seen her use it though . But it looks nice .
 Item arrived in excellent condition . Ours came in a brown box rather than a Mikasa box , but it really is n't a big deal considering the awesome price Amazon offered for this item . We 're happy that we found this at an affordable price to add onto our Platinum Crown collection which we are building up every year . Thank you Amazon !
 I was really apprehensive about buying breakable items from this site , not having any prior purchases . But I must say , I was DEFINITELY SATISFIED . The item came on time . It was packaged well , no nicks or cracks -LRB- I bought some place settings at the actual Mikasa store ; and discovered a couple of plates broken when I got home -RRB- . The item is lovely ; and the price is unbeatable !
 really a nice mixing bowl . Only problem I see is it is not microwavable . It is used often in my home .
 I bought this bowl online to save me the trip to the store , but it had scratches on the inner surface and on the black rubber base . I am guessing Amazon sent me a returned item , but I am not returning it as well because I do not want to spend more time on it . I am planning to buy the other two bowls to complete the set , but this time I will go to the store.I give it 5 stars because the bowl is excellent and I do not think the scratches are Oxo 's fault , but Amazon 's for not doing the appropriate checking before sending it to me .
 I throughly recommend these bowls to anyone who does just about anything in the kitchen ! They are truly amazing ... I received this bowl and a set of glass bowls for a bridal shower gift several years ago . Needless to say I donated the glass bowls to Goodwill and since then have bought the entire set of Oxo Good Grip Bowls . I use the bowls all the time , and ca n't believe how nice they are and the non-skid bottom is a life-saver !!! My mother recently came down for a visit and used this size to make muffins one morning . After about 5 minutes , she asked for a set for Christmas -- and trust me I will definately buy her a set without hesitation !
 This is the bowl I reach for consistently . It holds a lot without taking up lots of counter space and stores efficiently . It has high enough sides so that the kids do n't slop pancake batter all over . And , the non-slip bottom is a godsend ! You have to own this bowl !
 I use this to mix everything . The rubber bottom keeps it from traveling all over the place and the pouring spout keeps the batter where you aim it .
 I 'm impressed and had a heck of a time keeping my kids from stealing it from me on their last visit ... They can order their own . I got 2 different ones .
 This bowl is great ! I bought two bowls in this series , and I use them for everything . It -LRB- they -RRB- are so much more useful than any other incarnation of a bowl that has passed my way , that I ca n't understand why someone did n't come up with the idea years ago . You will like this product .
 -- and it seems to be microwave safe , too .
 This bowl has a nice weight to it , does n't slide around on the counter , and has a soft comfortable grip . Great bowl .
 I have this bowl and the smaller one . They are perfect bowls for mixing . The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put . I was them in the dishwasher without any problems .
 I am an avid baker so a mixing bowl gets a workout in my kitchen . The OXO name is synonymous with quality and this bowl is the epitome of that quality . Finally , a mixing bowl that is DEEP enough to not fling batter all over my kitchen countertop . A mixing bowl with a very clever ergonomically designed HANDLE . A mixing bowl that 's plastic and therefore MUCH quieter to mix in . And , as if all that was n't enough , it 's rubberized on the bottom so it stays where.I could just KISS whomever is responsible for inventing this bowl . Buy as many as you can get your hands on in every size because it will be the bowl you reach for every time , for every task .
 This bowl is very nice to work with I need to probably think about getting the smaller one also . It 's light weight and makes it easier to pick up with one hand when you need to use the other to scoop with .
 Okay , let 's not get too excited over a common mixing bowl , but , this bowl is better than the `` standard '' glass or metal mixing bowls I used to have . The greatest feature is the rubberized bottom which prevents the bowl from easliy slipping on the counter while mixing . The handle is nice and a pour spout that actually works.Mixing with either metal beaters or soft plastic creates not a scratch on the surface of the bowl . It 's easy to get every last drop out of the bowl and into the bake pan . Clean up is easy.The only issue I have , and they are really minor ones , is that the same size bowls do not stack very well -LRB- the 2 quart will fit nicely into the 4 quart -RRB- . And the bowls only come in one color , not that I do n't like white , it is just that sometimes a choice in color makes a nice variety.And yes , you can use the dishwasher to clean , even though a quick rinse , some soap and water and it is ready to go another round .
 Just like it 's bigger brother , this bowl is just top notch . The plastic is light and comfortable for hand mixing and the base keeps the bowl from slipping during heavy mixing or using an electric hand mixer . It 's sturdy and holds up to my heavy-handed battering and the dishwasher . The horizontal handle allows it to be stacked and the pour spout makes it easy to empty the batter . These things are the best bowls I 've ever used except a professional stainless one many years ago . I 'm sure that would cost 5x as much if you can even find them outside of a restaurant supply store . Do n't hesitate to upgrade your old junky bowls !
 This is a deep bowl that is lightweight , yet sturdy . And , the black rubber base prevents it from slipping while one is mixing . The handle is a nice touch , too , when emptying the bowl . It 's a wonderful addition to my kitchen .
 This is my favorite mixing bowl ! It 's the perfect size for mashing avocados for guacamole , scrambling eggs and mixing any kind of marinade or sauce before it 's cooked . The grip handle is a good size and comfortable and the pour spout is a great bonus . I 've had this bowl for a few years now and it 's still going strong .
 This bowl is perfect for anything and everything . It takes the beating of hand mixers inside and out . Stays put while mixing . Is the right size and shape for mixing anything . Goes in the diswasher - does n't stain - Easy to grip with the handle and includes a pour spout . Would definitely buy again and again .
 The rubberized bottom and well designed handle and pouring spout , make mixing a breeze !
 This bowl is great ! The grippy bottom prevents spills from not-so-graceful kids -LRB- and grown-ups too -RRB- . I have had more than one mishap with a bowl sliding off the counter . Not with this bowl . The handle and pour-spout are a nice bonus too .
 What can one say about such a bowl ? Words such as `` handy , '' `` ergonomically friendly , '' and `` white '' immediately spring to mind.But to me , the real measure of a mixing bowl is its ability to hold things . In this arena , the OXO Good Grips mixing bowl really shines.When you place items such as eggs , sugar , or Jell-O in this bowl , they stay in the bowl . The bowl does not let them fall out , except in extreme circumstances , like when you clumsily tip it over . But this is not the bowl 's fault.When you want to mix things in the bowl , the things you mix tend to stay within the confines of the bowl . Again , if you exceed the design parameters of the bowl and knock it off the counter , well , the bowl may not successfully hold your mixture.The handle/knobby thing off to the side is wonderful because it allows you to hang on to the bowl without having to contort your hand or let your fingers coming dangerously close to rapidly spinning eggbeaters . My peace of mind while mixing up pancake batter has risen through the stratosphere.The handy spout off to the side allows for a much more controlled pour-off of the contents of the bowl , assuming that said contents are at least fairly liquid/gelatinous in form . This prevents much messiness and cursing.The bottom of the bowl is coated with a non-slip sort of material that prevents the bowl from skittering hither and yon over your counter while mixing things . There 's another headache , all gone!In conclusion
 This mixing bowl is all it 's advertised to be . It sticks to counter so it does n't slide around when you use your hand held mixer in it . I highly recommend it to anyone needing a mixing bowl that stays put . Very happy with transaction .
 This tidy hat used for bald men in Turkey , has recently been sold in America and it makes a wonderful gift to those who do n't have much on the top of their head . Washes easily with soap and butter and can be used to remove termites from hairy dogs also . Can also be used in hundreds of other ways too numerous to mention .
 I was fixing to do some mixing in my kitchen one day . I grabbed this bowl , tossed in some ingredients and went to town . I mixed for days and days without ceasing ... why ? Its not becuase I 'm a crazed lunatic who likes to do the man dance on the rooftop ... no ... its because this bowl was magical . It made me sing while I mixed . I sang songs of mixing . Sweet , tender yet robust songs . I 'll make an album of my mixing songs . Look for me on TV soon . Mixing and singing .
 OXO 's five-quart mixing bowl is an excellent product and an excellent value . I have a lot of OXO products and have been very pleased with the utility , durability , and affordability of them all . This bowl is no exception
 I have the set of three AND bought another large bowl too ... as its a great sizeand I seem to always have a need for two . It does NOT slip around on your countertop either , because of the black base you see , it has a bit of a grip to it.I think this would be a great shower gift for a bride to be .
 I do n't have any complaints about this product yet , but I 've only been using it for the past couple months . It is great for mixing anything . I love the rubber bottom to keep it from sliding . Sometimes I mix things while I walk around the kitchen , or since I 'm short , I often put it on my lap to get better leverage , so it 's great that this bowl does n't add much weight . It is great that this is made out of plastic to keep it light-weight and relatively shatter-resistant -LRB- vs. glass/ceramic -RRB- .
 This bowl is really nice . It has slip resistance bottom and a nice handle to hold it with . You can easily pour liquids out of it . I love the OXO brand and would totally recommend it for your Kitchen !
 I like this bowl very much . I bought it with my mixer and it holds quite a bit . I like the non-slip bottom on the bowl and the non-slip handle . And most of all I love the pour spout that is on it as well . Great bowl go buy one now .
 i have steel bowls , ceramic bowls , glass bowls , copper bowls , melamine bowls , pinch bowls , finger bowls ... lots of bowls . i got these OXOs and now i kept the copper , the ceramic , and my OXOs
 Like the companion 5qt -LRB- and 3qt if we could find one in stock LOL -RRB- , this is an excellent bowl to have . The non-skid base and handle really make this product special . It pours nicely - it 's actually perfect for mixing up a batch of waffle or pancake mix and pouring directly onto the griddle.We do a lot of cooking and have an extremely well-stocked kitchen including a set of glass pyrex bowls in varying sizes and a set of stainless bowls in varying sizes . More and more , we find ourselves reaching for these Oxo bowls to meet our mixing needs.With plastic , using a hand mixer or immersion blender is always iffy . Thus far , these have held up very well to the wear of the beaters . We 're very anxious to obtain the 3qt size and are so impressed with the quality , we may just buy the 5qt/3qt/1 .5 qt set so we can have each size , and having double of the largest and smallest will NOT be a waste . Great purchase !
 I have the whole set , 5qt. , 3qt. , and 11/2 qt . Not the color of my choice , but I 'm willing to overlook that for all of the great features . I can continue using my favorite metal fork for mixing all of my kitchen creations and the non-skid base is a really great feature . I can mix my muffins up and then pour directly into the muffin pan from the pour spout on the bowl . They 've been through the dishwasher a few times already and always come out clean with no stains . Ca n't say enough good things about them . Great purchase !
 This has worked out perfectly for making waffles . I have to make a double recipe , so the size comes in handy . I was somewhat uneasy at first about the round bottom , but this has been no problem at all ; the bowl is n't the least bit unsteady , even when I have the ladle in it for spooning the batter into the waffle maker . It cleans up in the dishwasher just fine also . Alternatively , I use this bowl for making jello , and then is when I really appreciate the pour spout .
 I needed a mixing bowl ... bad ! After searching forever , I found this one . It has been a blessing . I frequently have little helpers in the kitchen . With the rubber bottom on this bowl , I no longer have to make sure I 'm holding onto the sides in case it gets pushed off the counter when they are mixing . It is dishwasher safe and has been great !
 This is a very comfortable bowl to use . Made of sturdy plastic , it is much lighter than glass mixing bowls , which makes it convenient and easy to use . The handle is very ergonomic and comfortable to grip -LRB- really good when pouring batter into a pan , for instance -RRB- , and the shape of the bowl itself is perfect for wrapping an arm around for those heavy duty mixing sessions . The rubber on the bottom keeps the bowl right where you put it - no sliding . I use this bowl the most of all my mixing bowls and am looking forward to getting a bigger one just like it . Oh , by the way - it 's dishwasher safe , too . I 've washed mine over and over and it still looks new .
 For those cooks that need to use both hands when mixing ... this bowl has a rubber bottom to prevent rolling around when you need to add ingredients while mixing with the other hand . Easy clean up and sturdy bowl make this a great item any cook will want to have . Nice pour spout and grip handle make it quite functional .
 These are the best mixing bowls I have ever had . They do n't slide around . Nice to handle . I have made tomato base products in mine and they have never stained . They wash up like a dream.Forget stainless and glass bowls , these are the absolute best in mixing bowls .
 I think very good for using a hand mixer . They have the rubber side that you grip , and the substantial rubber-like base that really holds the bowl firmly against the table . IT does not appear to me that the rubber base will separate from the bowl -LRB- a good thing -RRB- . Bowl itself is solid , substantial plastic that appears to be durable quality material . And the grip is nice , a nice way to hold the bowl while mixing . I expect that you will want all three sizes after purchasing one size .
 I love this mixing bowl ... I was hesitant to buy it on Amazon because seeing it in person usually is better for these types of items , but I was pleasantly surprised . Previously , I had a LARGE stainless steel bowl and it was too big to store in the kitchen without trouble , and you had to wash it immediately after use or it was a nightmare to clean . This new OXO bowl is a perfect size for cake batter , or cookies , or what-have-you . I love the nonskid bottom , it helps a lot when mixing a tough batter . It has a lip to pour out of , whereas my previous one did not . It 's extremely easy to clean too ! And for $ 9.95 it 's quality and will be used time and time again . I 'd buy another one in a second if I needed it again.Highly suggested !
 Not quite . My only real quibble is that I 'd have preferred another color . Not just because I like blue or red or yellow , but because white stains so easily . -LSB- Edited to add
 Excellent product and worth every penny . The bottom of the bowl is coated with a rubber type sticky substance so it does n't slide around and is very stable while mixing . The spout pours evenly and straight . Very handy in the kitchen .
 I love my Oxo bowl . When I purchased it , over ten years ago now , I had originally wanted one like the batter bowl with the longer handle . I remembered my grandmother using her old Tupperware batter bowls and how they held up to everything she did to them . I had to settle for this one as it was the only one the store near me had in stock . I can now say that it is one of the best purchases I ever made . It seems silly to rave on about what is essentially a plastic bowl . But , I could not run my kitchen w/o mine . I have put cranberries , dark chocolate batters , marinades with wine and anything else you could think of into this thing that would stain other bowls . This one is still not discolored at all . I 'm an old-school cook and baker and do not own a mixer . My hands do most of it and this bowl is great for that . Odors will not cling in it either . I love it and all my other Oxo things . This bowl was the reason I tried other Oxo things . They have never let me down yet . I tell every newlywed I know to get them .
 couple of gripes :1 . a metal whisk scratches the plastic -LRB- I use a metal whisk for every baking task except measuring , separating eggs and kneading -RRB- .2 . relatively shallow , so more to clean up afterward . also , if I put my arm around the bowl , the ingredients spill.good points : it 's big . it 's a good value -LRB- for the size -RRB- . it 's relatively lightweight , but sturdy . rubberized bits are helpful.conclusion : I 'll use it for tossing/sifting ingredients , or holding larger quantities . wo n't use it for actual batter/dough making .
 The non-stick bottom and handle to this bowl make mixing so much easier . On my countertop , and water makes the bowl slip . But the gripping bottom on this bowl resists slipping , making mixing easier.Unlike some other bowls , this one also has a non-stick handle . Frankly , my hands get wet more often than my countertop , so the non-stick handle may turn out to be more helpful than the base.The 4 quart size is just about perfect for most simple cake , muffin or biscuit recipes.You will love this bowl .
 Handy little mixing bowl . Price was $ 9.95 , 0 $ for shipping , so the price was not bad . Very sturdy and rubber grips make mixing things incredibly easy .5 Stars .
 This is a GREAT bowl to have in my kitchen . It holds a substantial amount for mixing , wo n't shuffle all over the counter , and has a great grip to hold onto . I find more uses for it all the time !
 If only it came with a lid ! Like the prep bowls do.OXO Good Grips 4-Piece Prep Bowl Set with Lids
 This bowl is perfect for whipping up batters . Great size , pour spout is good , no mess left behind . Non-slip bottom is perfect . I use this for just about everything , from cupcake batters to putting cut-up veggies for stir-fries .
 Okay , let 's not get too excited over a common mixing bowl , but , this bowl is better than the `` standard '' glass or metal mixing bowls I used to have . The greatest feature is the rubberized bottom which prevents the bowl from easliy slipping on the counter while mixing . The handle is nice and a pour spout that actually works.Mixing with either metal beaters or soft plastic creates not a scratch on the surface of the bowl . It 's easy to get every last drop out of the bowl and into the bake pan . Clean up is easy.The only issue I have , and they are really minor ones , is that the same size bowls do not stack very well -LRB- the 2 quart will fit nicely into the 4 quart -RRB- . And the bowls only come in one color , not that I do n't like white , it is just that sometimes a choice in color makes a nice variety .
 This has got to be one of the best mixing bowls out there . Not only does the `` grippy '' bottom coating prevent it from slipping or rotating while mixing -LRB- via an electric mixer -RRB- , but the spout and handle make pouring a breeze . Now if I only had room for more of these ; unfortunately , they do n't stack .
 I have the big one at home and I am buying another one to use up here in the `` country '' . It is n't just a mixing bowl either-I rise dough in it -LRB- yes , I use it for my sourdough too , plastic , if cared for properly , will not annoy your sourdough sponge . -RRB- and I mix in it as well.It does n't make escape attempts during preps , it does n't hang on to smells , it is n't a temperamental , angry bowl with preferences and druthers . Now , about plastic bowls ; you should n't put them in the dishwasher or you 'll spoil the surface , you should n't chop nuts in them or you 'll leave places for germs to grow , and keep tomato sauce away from them or they will take on a color you wo n't like.To conclude I am ordering another one right now and I think this is a great product at a more than fair price . Just take decent care of it and you 'll have it forever . OXO is a winner with me !
 This mixing bowl is a good size for most any task . Its easy to use and clean up is easy . Great Quality .
 Love it , love it , love it ! I did n't buy it until I read every single review and decided I had to try it . High sides make for easy stirring , no slip bottom is AWESOME as I always did the `` bowl chase '' when trying to stir batters . . rubber handle is a plus for grabbing and holding on , spout great for what I purchased it for
 I bought this bowl nearly two years ago , and it looks just as good now as it did . I can honestly say that if I 'm cooking a large meal , I 'll wash the bowl two to three times just so I can use it in preparing different courses . I have made lots of different things in it and it is still white - there are no stains . I highly recommend this bowl -LRB- thinking about getting the 2Q bowl but really do n't need it with this one ! -RRB- .
 What is there to say about a huge mixing bowl with a rubber bottom -LRB- to prevent sliding -RRB- and a rubber handle -LRB- to prevent slippage -RRB- and being durable enough to ride in the dishwasher?Nothing.Buy this bowl . It is inexpensively indispensable .
 This is a very helpful kitchen bowl with many uses and ease in working with it . It makes working with recipes and mixing so easy , and the light-weight feature of the bowl is great . I have both sizes and use it in so many ways . A great buy for the low cost .
 Wonderful mixing bowl . It is very light weight . Using the handle it is easy to lift with one hand . The shape lets you easily hold it to mix . Easy to get all the contents out -- much easier to scrape down the sides that with a traditional bowl . Highly recommed its use !
 The bowl does just what they claim - it stays put while I am using it . Good product .
 I bought this bowl 2 weeks ago and have used it numerous times . It 's great ! It does n't slip across the counter when you are mixing stuff by hand , and is very easy to grip with the rubber on the side . The spout on the side also comes in handy when pouring stuff into pans for baking . The design of this bowl is very ergonomic . I highly recommend it !
 Never in all my many years of cooking have I fallen in love with a bowl ! I mean it . I love this bowl . It does everything . I went back and bought the 2 Qt . and I love it as well . You will be so happy with the way this bowl functions .
 A gift for an experienced cook ! She loves it ! My sister is an experienced cook . I 'm flattered that I picked out something she likes using .
 I needed a big mixing bowl . I prefer OXO because of the quality . This appears well made and gives me a big , light , heavy duty mixing bowl . I love the fact it is very slip resistant . Buy OXO !
 As I said prior , this is the perfect mixing bowl size if you want to do massive batter ... . In my old mixing bowl , the cheesecake batter came like almost to the top of the bowl -LRB- sorry I do n't even know what size it was ... . something I had since I was a kid -RRB- . With the same cheesecake recipe , the batter filled almost half of the OXO Good Grips 5-Quart mixing bowl . Therefore , there was plenty of room for splatters and mixing . So i can totally see myself making a 6-8 layered cake with no issue . Just something to help people visualize the size of the mixing bowl because 5 quarts mean nothing to me . Also , this bowl is wider than a typical mixing bowl , which is nice since you have room to mix . The only reason why I did n't give it 5 stars is because trying to pour the batter into the cheesecake pan while scrapping the batter was rather difficult . there really is n't any handle to grip on to . I ended up wedging the bowl between my arm and chest and pouring while scraping the batter into the pan . If I could I would rather get the same mixing bowl as the one at home , but the company no longer makes them : -LRB-
 I needed a bowl large enough for sourdough bread to rise insince stainless steel bowls can not be used and found this on Amazon.I liked the reviews and ordered one . I am so pleased I will order thesmaller sizes as well . It is a solid bowl , just the right size for thebread recipe and it does grip the surface .
 Love Love this bowl . I have had one for years and just recently added another one to the collection because I use it so much . This is worth every penny .
 Light weight , but sturdy . I have the whole set , and bought this one for my mother who always comments on how much she likes the bowls when she uses them at my house . The set is a better deal but she already had one , and had requested the smaller one . Cleans up nicely .
 Oxo Good Grips 5-quart Mixing BowlThis one of my most versitile bowls as I use it a lot in the course of cooking . This is a marinating bowl as well . It is the right size for larger pieces of meat of a larger quantity . You can cover the meat with the marinating liquid and store in the refrigerator over night and you are ready to go the next day . The 5-quart bowl is ideal for doubling recipes or mixing larger quantities . The Mixing Bowl features a non-slip wrap-around base that prevents skidding , even when the bowl is tilted . A comfortable , non-slip handle gives you a firm grasp for easy whisking and stirring . The wide lip and spout makes pouring neat and clean . Oxo Good Grips Bowls are dishwasher safe.Some of the features are : * Soft , comfortable non-slip handle * Non-slip bottom stabilizes Bowl while mixing * Wide lip and spout make ingredients pour more easily * Dishwasher safe * 5-quart size ideal for doubling recipes and mixing larger quantitiesI even use this bowl for storage of leftovers as it will not tip over in the refrigerator either . I use a plastic wrap or foil to cover the dish and it stores the leftovers well . Mixing batters is this bowl is a breeze as well there is enough room to get your hand mixer into every nook and cranny and get the air out of a liquid batter , or if you are dry mixing you can blend a good rub for the BBQ and the bowl is versitile enough to use on the shelf next to the grill as you rub the meat in preparation for a good slow cook.The ergonomic design with the rubber grip makes these especially easy to use . I found that in a pinch they survive light use in the microwave , and this gives this set a distinct advantage over Oxo 's stainless bowls . The bowls are also very easy to clean . I use this bowl for just about anything I do in the kitchen , for making cookie , cake , brownie dough and making cabbage rolls this bowl is indispensable . This bowl is the right size for any yeast dough as it gives it plenty of breathing room for it to raise . I 'm very pleased with this bowl.An epicurean Bon Appetite
 I recently bought the OXO 1059702 - 3 quart mixing bowl , and I must say that the item is very well manufactured and is strong and durable , but I had a small problem with the mixing bowl - I bake all the time and needed a bowl for all mixes and please do n't get me wrong , this bowl is excellent , but this is a small lift inside on the bottom . Due to this bottom lift it takes time to mix any wet or dry ingrediants because it sinks under the lift -LRB- in others words , it is not a flat bottom bowl . -RRB- But it is still an excellent mixing bowl , just not I was really looking for .
 I do n't have space for a stand mixer but I like lots of room for my dough to be created . I do n't like a mess and even though the 5 quart is a tad too big and perhaps hard to wash afterwards since it takes the entire sink , it is very useful , sturdy and keeps dough inside . When I pull this bowl out , I feel happy because I know I am going to bake . :-RRB- You know OXO , the black rubber is like a car tire and will keep steady and the white plastic super strong . I wish they had this in pink but frankly , as boring as it looks , this will never die on me and is the best for making dough . Cleans so nicely with just water but of course , detergent must be use . Dries up in minutes too ! :-RRB- If I had money , I would buy all sizes . Worth every penny and makes great wedding gifts guys ! : D
 I 've owned and used several sizes of these bowls for the past two years . The ergonomic design with the rubber grip makes these especially easy to use . I 'm probably not supposed to stick them in the microwave , but I do , and this gives this set a distinct advantage over Oxo 's stainless bowls . The bowls are also very easy to clean . Truth be told , they are just about as good as a mixing bowl can be unless you need something which also comes with a lid and can be used for refrigerator storage .
 This is a nice , large bowl . It is very sturdy and solidly made . This is n't cheap plastic construction . I like the spout for ease of pouring and the rubber grip as well . I recommend it .
 I know it 's just a mixing bowl , but it is big and rounded and makes by life easier . I purchased it to make mush for my horse and I ca n't tell you how easy this bowl makes this process ! I am super happy with it .
 I had accidentally melted my good friends bowl in the microwave and felt absolutely horrible ! So I thought , well maybe I can get her a nicer plastic bowl so she wo n't miss here plain old clear plastic acrylic bowl . And BINGO ! After , a little research and rave reviews I decided to purchase this bowl as an upgrade for my friend and WOW ! I am happy with the results . The bowl was beautiful made and the rubber tips was a nice touch , overall , I am satisfied with the quality of this bowl . Also , my friend and I agree that it definitely kicks my friends old plastic bowl ... . well you know the saying lol .
 Oxo products are the best . This bowl sits where ever you put it . Very generous and sides are not straight up and down as in some bowls . pour spout is non-drip which I like , White plastic does not leave mar marks from bumping against other products . Been in the dishwasher about 7 times now & still looks good .
 Nice large mixing bowl and it really grips the counter . I prefer stainless steel but have n't found one with the gripper bottom yet .
 Since this was sold as a set I had no choice in the size , but it is really , really large . I would have preferred a 4-quart size .
 Perfect for small mixing jobs -LRB- e.g. up to about 2 cups of flour for dough -RRB- . Easy to handle and clean , weighted bottom , pours well ... what 's not to like ?
 This bowl is great for use with a hand held electric mixer , and the plastic material is tough enough to avoid being scuffed a lot by the mixer blades . I also use this bowl to mix/toss family size salads . I would definitely recommend this product to others .
 I suffer from a weakness in my hands , which makes gripping and holding most bowls steady very difficult for me - usually I have to use both hands , which makes mixing ingredients a real problem . This product is perfect for me . The rubber bottom holds the bowl nicely in place for me -LRB- so I can hold it steady with one hand and mix with the other -RRB- and it 's wonderfully large so that even if I do tip it a little , the contents do not spill all over the place .
 I use this a lot , especially when using my hand mixer . It stays put and does n't move around . The pouring spout and handle make it nice , too .
 the rubber bottom on this bowl really helps the bowl stay put when mixing ... especially for chocholate chip cookie dough which can get pretty tough to mix . Great for whipping eggs too , nestles quite well with the 2 quart model .
 but storage is not easy - we have 2 and they really do n't fit into each other to be stacked
 Never occurred to me you could put so much design into a simple mixing bowl , but that is what Oxo has done . Did n't even realize it when I bought it , but it became obvious when I started using it . Other reviewers have already extolled all of the virtues . Get both sizes and you wo n't be sorry . The only time I use any other mixing bowl is when combining ingredients whose mass will not fit in the 4-quart bowl .
 It does n't budge when you 're mixing by hand or with a mixer , it has a great pour spout , it 's a nice weight . I love this bowl!Update , September 2008
 i wanted a bowl to use quickly , when needed and found the oxo good grips 11/2 quart to fit my needs ... I use it almost every day . its kept under my island cabinet so i dont have to reach for other bowls . . washes easily . very pleased with it thank you fran
 I bought two of these bowls to replace two other bowls that were left behind during a military move . We have no regret for buying these ... they are very strong and the feel of the bowls makes you wan na mix the heck out of whatever you are mixing . I use the to make mashed potatoes in ... my wife for whatever else needs mixing.And the rubber grip on the bottom helps to prevent sliding on our granite countertops .
 I broke my old Pyrex bowl , and thought my baking world had ended . Surprise
 This is the very best bowl I 've ever seen or used . It holds large amounts and still has room to use your mixer without throwing batter everywhere . Clean-up is a breeze and it 's a good looking bowl on top of everything else . The rubberized bottom holds the bowl in place so you do n't have to chase it . It is just wonderful . I 'm extremely pleased with this item . And I will buy more -- I 've just learned it comes in different sizes !!! GREAT !
 Common problem
 I am not the kind of person that gets excited about kitchen equipment , but this mixing bowl is really something . Despite that it is plastic it has a very sturdy , durable feel to it . The thick rubber handle and footing make mixing much easier than with similarly sized stainless steel bowls with hard-to-hold clasps or handles . The 2-quart companion to this is every bit as good . Based on these 2 items alone I would definitely purchase other OXO products . This is one of those everyday items that was , finally , designed correctly .
 Yes , and I 'll tell you why . . I have a few OXO items -LRB- including this bowl -RRB- and I have to say by far they are the best appliances I have bought for the kitchen . They tend to be slightly oversized -LRB- as this mixing bowl is -RRB- but for durability and the nice features -LRB- the handle is VERY convenient -RRB- you 're not going to regret paying this amount for a GREAT bowl .
 OXO makes really nice equipment and I find myself wishing more of my kitchen of my gear was made by them . I was in need of some new mixing bowls , having a leftover plastic bowl from my mom since college and a very heavy porcelain one.I found this bowl very light to hold in the arm for whisking or stirring . The no-skid bottom is absolutely fantastic and keeps the bowl put for heavy stirring or using a hand mixer . The plastic itself is very sturdy and I have n't had any issues in the dishwasher with it . Top all of that off with the easy pour spout and horizontal handle for pouring -LRB- making stacking a cinch -RRB- and you have a near perfect bowl.I ca n't imagine too much making this bowl better . Get it , it 's worth the price for sure .
 If you can only get one mixing bowl get this one . What other reviewers have said is true . Great for Big batches of cookie dough and even four layer cakes . You will not go wrong with this bowl . Clean up is a breeze . I have even put tomatoes in it and it did not stain as other bowls do .
 This light weight yet durable/sturdy plastic mixing bowl has become my favorite . The bottom exterior surface keeps the bowl firmly in place while you are mixing . I love the convenience of the handle and pour spout . Also , the shape of the bowl discourages splattering of ingredients while you are mixing . The 4 quart size is perfect for cake and pancake batters and almost everything else I have used it for . You ca n't beat the price either . I bought two of these bowls and could n't be happier with them . This item is truly designed to make your life easier in the kitchen . Since I have only had my bowls a couple of months I ca n't review how long lasting they are , but at this price you certainly can afford to replace them if needed .
 These bowls are an extraordinary value - I did a double-take when I saw the price . You 'd pay twice as much for another name brand bowl that does n't have all the features this one does.I own both the 2-Quart and 4-Quart bowls . I 'm wondering what I ever did without them , because I use one of them almost every day.I really like the fact that they 're so deep , which greatly reduces spilling and spattering . And of course the best feature is the rubberized bottom . You can use a hand mixer and you do n't even have to hold onto the bowl ! It does n't move around AT ALL!I really love the spout too . The 4-quart bowl has just become my new `` making strawberry freezer jam '' bowl and I was delighted to be able to pour the jam into the containers without the mess I 've dealt with for the past 20 years or so ! It 's also a great bowl to use for pancake batter - I use the smaller one for pancakes . Just pour the batter right onto the griddle.Because the bowls are deep , they do n't take up tons of room in the fridge . For storage , just cover it with one of those Saran Wrap `` shower cap '' like tops and you 're all set.As another reviewer mentioned , this is also the ideal bowl for popcorn or munchies . I think that every kitchen should definitely have both sizes of this wonderful bowl ! You 'll love them !
 Okay , let 's not get too excited over a common mixing bowl , but , this bowl is better than the `` standard '' glass or metal mixing bowls I used to have . The greatest feature is the rubberized bottom which prevents the bowl from easliy slipping on the counter while mixing . The handle is nice and a pour spout that actually works.Mixing with either metal beaters or soft plastic creates not a scratch on the surface of the bowl . It 's easy to get every last drop out of the bowl and into the bake pan . Clean up is easy.The only issue I have , and they are really minor ones , is that the same size bowls do not stack very well -LRB- the 2 quart will fit nicely into the 4 quart -RRB- . And the bowls only come in one color , not that I do n't like white , it is just that sometimes a choice in color makes a nice variety .
 This bowl is terrific for gripping the counter top . I bought one for its spout and handle and discovered it was ideal for my single-handed niece . She can prop it securely on the counter with one arm and mix stiff cookie dough . The high sides reduce slopping and the pouring spout depth helps determine where the mix will go even if the angle is steep.Terrific design !
 I would n't have thought I could mix cake batter with a wire whip or hand mixer without holding the bowl , but this one stays in place that well . The wide lip gives good grip for pouring , and it cleans easily . The variety of sizes covers all my needs.My only gripe is that they did n't make a cover for it . If there was an airtight cover , shaped to fit , I 'd buy it and throw out all my other mixing bowls .
 This bowl is well made , easy to clean , and stays put while you mix with one hand . It has multiple uses , and a must have in any kitchen . I ordered another set to keep on hand .
 Love the grip handle especially . Very high quality mixing bowls . I will probably buy more at some point .
 Seriously , have you ever purchased something , then tried to use it , only to think , this is garbage , who would use this ??? NOT SO with Oxo products ! Something as simple as a mxing bowl ... this is so much better to use than a Pyrex glass bowl or an old steel bowl . Some simple features that make you just slag your head and say DUH .
 We have the whole set of Oxo grips bowls and have thoroughly enjoyed using them . This one with the pour spout is great and after years of overuse , the pour spout broke . We ordered this one as a replacement because it is hard to find one like we broke , with the small grip handle . The image for this bowl shows the small grip handle , but really it is the long side handle like others you will see on the website . Other than that ... it is another oxo grip bowl like we love !
 I bought this and have been using it on an almost daily basis for about 2.5 months . The white and black looks chic , the rubber base helps hold the bowl down so things are not splattering all over the place . The size is enough for a family size batch of pancakes , or for washing a few cups of rice . The plastic is very durable and it does not stain . I have used spices and oils in it , but no stain ... the tip of it is perfect for pouring . its a really great and durable product , well worth the price : -RRB-
 This is the one that I bought , to go with the three piece bowlset ... well ... its the same size as the large one in the 3 pc . set!So , do n't do what I did and purchase this one separately , unlessyou need TWO large mixing bowls ! The product is great , NO slipand easy to pour from , really the best bowls I 've ever had . . asI can actually manage them !
 This bowl is great for cooking . It is stable when mixing and easy to clean .
 I love it . I purchased other bowls like this as well . Easy to use , nice looking , good size and does n't slip on the counter top . One of the best purchases I made in 2007 or ever .
 This mixing bowl is absolutely the best I have ever owned . Stays put on the counter and easy to hold onto or pour from . I also own the smaller version which I use constantly
 I chose this model over the standard Oxo skimmer because it was only a few dollars more . So far I am pleased with this purchase . It is well built and seems like it will last a long time .
 First , I will admit that I do n't use this as a skimmer . I mainly use it to scoop chicken nuggets out of the frying pan once they 're done . The oil can drain off and the large surface area of the skimmer allows me to scoop up a bunch at once . This item is very sturdy and well-made . It 's one of my favorite `` spoons , '' and I 'm always looking for more ways to use it !
 I have several Oxo SteeL implements and love them all . They are very sturdy , wash well , and do their job . They are the right size for the job and have comfortable handles . I love this one and all of my Oxo SteeL implements .
 I purchased this kitchen utensil as a scoop for my deep fryer . It works perfectly , is very sturdy and has a nice long handle .
 I use this for a lot of purposes around the kitchen . Aside from skimming foamy debris off of meat stocks , this tool comes in handy when extracting dumplings and pasta from boiling water . It also use it when I make fried ravioli , mini egg rolls or any type of small food that is fried or poached . It does a nice job when draining oil or any liquid from food.This tool is a bit of a departure from the OXO tools I normally buy which have easy grip ribbed handles . It is stainless steel , nicely constructed , and has a hole in the handle so I can hang this from my tool rack . It can be washed in my dishwasher and always looks good.Silly reason to like this , but I love the stainless finish and the clean lines and attractive design . It has an ample skimmer with plenty of drain holes that make it functionl and easy to use .
 This little utensil is made of heavy duty stainless steel . Holds up to heavy ham soup bones . I love it . Can not imagine making soup without it .
 I purchased many OXO utensils for my elderly parents after reading reviews . My mom had a stroke affecting her dominant side and my father has a tremor on his dominant side . Both found the utensils easy and comfortable to hold .
 Perfect for removing gnocchi and other pastas from boiling water . Great grip and well made , as all tools are from oxo .
 Strainers are kitchen utensils that one needs at inopportune times . At the last minute , when I am hurrying to get all my dishes finished at the same time , I might put forget to add hot liquid to flour or cornstarch , for thickening , and instead add the dry ingredient directly to the gravy or sauce . Then I end up with a lumpy mess unless I have a strainer -LRB- or cheesecloth -RRB- on hand . This OXO strainer is 6 inches across , so it is large enough to strain a pan of gravy without overflowing . The mesh is a fine gauge , so the gravy will end up smooth . This strainer also works well for removing seeds and lumps from fruit sauces , even after pureeing them in a food mill , or electric mini-prep or blender .
 I bought this mainly to use for a pumpkin pie recipe . The recipe said to strain a mixture of pumpkin and yams through the mesh strainer . I will not lie , it was a pain . But the mesh strainer was durable and easy to grip . I laid it over a bowl , and it stayed steady while I strained the thick pumpkin mixture . I think I pushed it 's abilities to the max , but the important thing is , it held up . Great purchase , I bought another one just to have on hand .
 I love this strainer and have to say that it does a much better job of rinsing out water than my cuter tiny colander , which tended to collect water -LRB- sort of beside the point , right ? -RRB- . This is a sturdy feeling little guy and I expect it to last for quite some time . I find myself using it several times a day to drain berries , and it 's also handy for straining home-made ice-cream -LRB- the initial custard step -RRB- , sifting flour , dusting desserts with powdered sugar , rinsing rice , and for any small draining or straining needs . Highly recommended !
 This is a great strainer for quinoa and is the perfect size . The only problem I have is that pieces of quinoa get stuck in the frame of the strainer , but they are fairly easy to get out with a little bit more water pressure .
 I have two of theScrewpull Trilogy Foil Cutterthat I 've been fairly happy with . One thing that does bug me about it is that it seems to require a great deal of pressure to cut the foil . I 'm not sure if it is because the blades are dull , or if the design is just fairly awkward to squeeze while turning . Perhaps both.So I decided to try out this new model from Screwpull to see if it is an improvement to the older model.It comes in an overly complicated plastic box that looks great , and it shows that Screwpull expects a number of these to be given as gifts . If that is your intent , rest assured that the presentation is a nice one.The rim around the edge is soft rubber , for a non-slip , comfortable grip . The silver part looks like metal , but is really plastic . The only metal parts in this are the four round blades like little pizza wheels , which retract behind a plastic shield until the unit is pressed down on the bottle and they engage . This means it has some protection against accidental cuts , which is good because these little blades are very sharp.My first try with it was -LRB- quite accidentally -RRB- on a bottle with a screw top , and I was surprised to see that it actually cut the top of the cap off cleanly . Now that 's sharp!I tried it again with foil , and I can say that this design is better in every way than the old one . Place it on top of the bottle , press down , and a quarter-turn cleanly cuts the foil off of the cork . Pressing down is a more natural motion than the side squeeze of the old one , so it just feels easier to use.Recommended.Sean P. Logue , 2008
 I bought a bunch of individual Oxo SteeL utensils and love them all . They feel substantial in the hand and I think they 'll last a good long time .
 Works well reasonable price ... OXO SteeL Ice Cream Scoop ... I have yet to buy anything from this brand that I did n't like ... These are very functional ... and they are dishwasher safe ... very happy ! ~
 I have bought many different types of scoops from many different manufacturers . FINALLY , this one makes scooping easier . I use it for ice cream , of course . It has also been helpful in making cookies and my spinach ball appetizers . Quite simply , it works . The scooping process is smooth and the best part is the lever to release the scoop . Cleaning up the scoop is easy too as the back of the scoop is open so no catching of food behind the lever . Love it , Plan to buy some for gifts .
 My father worked as a `` soda jerk '' when he was in high school and he taught me the trick of dipping the scooper in a glass of water so that the ice scoops fall out more easily.I find this one works well but after the first scoop , the other ones tend to stick and the the little push from the lever is n't enough to get the ice cream free.It 's comfortable , easy to use , and makes nicely shaped scoops . If you were looking to buy it just because of the lever you might be able to get do with a glass of water when you scoop .
 Strong with a sharp edge to get into the ice cream . The ice cream release works well and is a nice feature .
 Our last Ice Cream Scooper was from the $ store and it was adequate at best - hard ice cream would always bend the scooper out of place . I wanted a more rugged scoop for those harder ice creams and this does the trick . The lever in the scoop was an added bonus , and usually pops it out .
 These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing ! I have yet to find anything that compares . This ice cream scoop can scoop through the hardest of ice creams and not even flinch . As for quality , it 's made strong , has n't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use . This includes throwing it in the dishwasher ! The handle is large , easy to grip and the scoop release works great . Not that it really needs it , but try heating it up just a little before or during use so the ice cream does n't freeze to it if you really want perfect scoops.I was so impressed , I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house . Not only has this piece performed flawlessly , but the entire set I received has too . I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift -LRB- or both -RRB- , OXO wo n't disappoint !
 I have owned or used many different ice cream scoops over the years , and this is , without a doubt , the best scoop of its size class available . It can take a lot of punishment -LRB- I am not patient enough to wait for ice cream to soften -RRB- , it looks great , and the lever actually works , unlike the `` trigger '' kind . The lever is the best feature , although it is annoying to have to clean behind it -LRB- again , much easier than any trigger scoop I have tried -RRB- . OXO has made a good one , and it is my favorite of their four different scoops , both in terms of style and functionality -LRB- must confess to not using the `` Nonstick Beak '' kind ; it looks pretty hot -RRB- . I was worried , after purchasing an oxo ice cube tray , which I still have n't figured out how to use without having it freeze shut , that their products had started to decline in quality . This is one of their classics , and should last me a lifetime .
 This ice cream scoop has the usual OXO sturdy construction and wide rubberized hand grip . All kitchen products should be this well made . Good for hard ice cream . The scoop design is wider than deep , making it easier to use . The springed lever also works well . Recommended .
 This was sent to my family that has health issues and have a hard time gripping items . This scoop simply pushed out the ice cream without causing wrist pain .
 I purchased many OXO utensils for my elderly parents after reading reviews . My mom had a stroke affecting her dominant side and my father has a tremor on his dominant side . Both found the utensils easy and comfortable to hold .
 OXO International is one of my favorite kitchen product companies . They have earned awards for their ergonimically designed kitchen tools . This particular scoop they make is no exception.The scoop is made of a light-weight brushed stainless steel , has soft side rubber grips for easy handling , a perfectly round scoop with a handy lever that my thumb pops perfectly when ready to release whatever it is I am scooping!Besides ice cream -- my fav being White Chocolate Raspberry produced by a famous candy company , yum -- I have used this scoop for perfect round portions of macaroni and potato salad , mashed potatoes , -LRB- helps in portion control , if dieting -RRB- and the kids have a great time making their own sno-cones with easily shaped shaved ice mounds!The scoop is dishwasher safe and comes with a lifetime guarantee . Another great OXO product at a good price .
 I love this scoop ! It scoops easily even the hardest ice cream , in fact I would say that it was made to scoop hard ice cream as the release lever does n't work as well on softer ice cream . I 'm very pleased !
 What made me order this wonderful scoop ? I guess I was just tired of digging into a carton of thick gooey ice cream , only to have the spoon be bent . Just a note , Soup spoons were not made to be used as ice cream scoops -LRB- I just learned this -RRB- . I realize that with this wonderful scoop I could get perfect mounds of ice cream every time I used it . No more tiny flecks and then major gobbs being torn out of the ice cream box . This scoop makes everything more uniform and appealing . This scoop is also easier on my poor hand . No more forcing a soup spoon into a mass of ice cream . No more bent up spoons . No more agony trying to make a treat for me or my sweetie . This scoop is pure pleasure . Do n't go another day without it !
 This scoop works great not only for ice cream but also for forming meatballs ! The hand grip is SO comfortable , even for older people with diminishing strength . Excellent product !
 I have found the lever-type ice cream scoops to be vastly superior to any other , even those with the sliding mechanisn , and OXO makes the best of the best with their stainless steel scoop . This handy little gadget dishes out a perfect scoop of ice cream every time
 Oh , how I LOVE this ice cream scooper !! It 's ergonomically designed to give you all the strength you need to scoop out any type of ice cream , made easier by it 's non-slip rubber handle and sturdy steel construction . I really like the thumb release . Just one press , and whatever is in there pops right out !! If your looking for an ice cream scooper that gives you more bang for your buck , this OXO Stainless Steel Ice Cream Scooper will give you that ... and then some !!
 The other reviewers were n't kidding.This is -LRB- what I see -RRB- a typical OXO kitchen tool . Heavy duty , good looking , and no groaning or bending when you attack really hard ice cream . Add to that a handle large enough to put some serious carving power behind , and it comes up a winner .
 Are you an ice cream enthusiast or do you just really love ice cream ? Well , to enjoy ice cream , you do need the right tools to enjoy your ice cream . A very simple ice cream scoop spoon by Oxo Good Grips , this lever ice cream scoop scoops ice cream , sherbert , and other frozen treats and deserts . You could also use it as your own spoon as well ! This stainless steel ice cream scoop is also dish washer safe , which is wonderful for those people who do n't have to wash it by hand . Why would n't you get one of these for your home ? I liked it because it was very inexpensive , and compliments your other eating utensils nicely . Also , guests will have fun , using a nice level spoon to scoop their own ice cream as well ! You also wo n't slip or slide around while scooping ice cream as well , so it 's great . Others I 've used ocassionally slip and get ice cream on my hands . Also , this scooper is from a long line of excellent products you can trust from the Oxo Good Grips line . I believe that it is a definite bargain if you 're an ice cream or frozen treat lover !
 I 've reviewed all my SteeL products 5-stars . Well built , comfortable in the hand and does the job they were made for . This peeler is no exception .
 I am Greg 's wife , and this is my review : This is the first year our garden has done well , so I need a peeler to help me keep up with the ever growing piles of veggies.This peeler is so awesome I can hardly stand it . If you want to only have to buy one peeler for the rest of your life this is the one . You wo n't regret it !
 An excellent product by OXO . Great vegetable or fruit peeler . The best peeler money can buy . Since it is almost all stainless steel it is much more sturdy than the regular plastic version . The stainless steel version costs a little bit more but I think it is worth it .
 great tool -- sturdy and swift .
 If you own a peeler now that is not an OXO , throw it away . Once you try this peeler , you will never want another.I have never been particularly adept with peelers . I have found that most did have sharp enough blades and did not peel easily . Most required a lot of pressure and caused hand pain . Not this perfect peeler ! The swivel design goes smoothly around the curves of fruits and vegetables and the sharp blade makes peeling light duty . You never have to worry about the peeler slipping out of your hand , thanks to its wonderful handle design . The new stainless steel gives the peeler a very modern look.While OXO Good Grips were designed with arthritis sufferers in mind , anyone in any kitchen will benefit from this superb product . Once you buy a Good Grips gadget , you 'll want the entire line !
 I have had several OXO peelers , and this is the best so far . It looks great , cuts great and is very easy to hold . It is very sharp out of the box , and after 6 months of use it is still going strong .
 I 've had this peeler for over a year now , and use it frequently . Being from Maine , and living in a beautiful area of small farms , I always felt a bit guilty that I rarely made mashed potatoes , potato salad etc. , as I HATED to peel potatoes , even local ones.This peeler changed that ! I find the large , yet comfortably curved handle is very comfortable to grip , much more so than Y shaped peelers or even Oxo 's other `` Good Grips '' line . The rubber grip on the sides makes it less likely to slide from your hand than plastic or solid metal handled peelers.The blade is VERY sharp . Yes , this can be dangerous if you are not careful ; however , I 've learned first hand a sharp blade is less dangerous than a dull blade -LRB- ouch -RRB- . And it is , after all , a kind of knife designed to cut the skins from vegetables.The blade swivels freely , closely following the shape of the vegetable , and the gap in the blade is wide enough that the skins do n't get jammed in , requiring frequent removal.All in all I think this is a great peeler , and I include it with my standard wedding/housewarming gift of kitchen gadgets . I highly recommend it .
 I 've always had issues with peelers -LRB- probably because I 've only ever had the really cheap ones -RRB- , but the OXO peeler is great ! It 's really sharp , is comfortable to hold , and , most importantly , peels quickly and easily .
 These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing ! I have yet to find anything that compares . I have always dreaded using peelers , they always catch , get blocked by debris or just feel cheap and dangerous . At least until I used this one . We have a few different peelers for when working together in the kitchen , and we always `` fight '' over who gets to use this one . As for quality , it has n't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use . This includes throwing it in the dishwasher ! The handle is large , comfortable and easy to grip . The blade cuts smoothly across the fruits and vegetables , flowing with the shape of whatever you 're peeling.I was so impressed , I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house . Not only has this piece performed flawlessly , but the entire set I received has too . I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift -LRB- or both -RRB- , OXO wo n't disappoint !
 i work in a professional restaurant and use my peeler all the time this one has been in my knife case for a year and a half and is just now starting to dull noticeably the only reason i might not buy this one again is that i want to try a y shaped peeler
 I used this at a friends house and was very impressed with how easily it peeled . I ordered one from Amazon when I got home , and when it arrived , I donated by other four peelers -LRB- I 've tried quite a few ! -RRB- to Purple Heart . It has an ergonomically designed handle that swivels to the contours of the fruit/veg you 're peeling , a nice sharp tip for digging out potato eyes , and a smooth action .
 Super sharp and will peel a butter nut squash or a tomato . Greats product and I highly recommend . Great gift too !
 This pie server looks nice and works great . I have taken it to many potlucks and it has held up well . The only think I would change is maybe if it came with a slip cover like my old pampered chef one .
 What can I say , the handle is comfortable , it is a handsome server , and it does n't cost much . I have n't tried the serrated edges yet , but they will likely come in handy for a tough crust . If you need a pie server and this is the look you are after , just buy it .
 I got this for my mother in law and she loves it . I have also used this whenever I visit and it 's wide enough for a good sized slice-dieters beware ! ;-RRB- The serrated edges help you get through thick crusts . The rubber handle gives it a nice touch . I recently added it to my wishlist so I can get one too !
 Most oxo products are awesome ; this one is no exception . It cuts very well and looks nice , too . Very high quality . Comfortable to use . I have oxo 's good grips nylon pie server for my non-stick and cast-iron pans , but it 's nice to have two to choose from depending on the job . As great as the nylon one is , it 's just not as strong and ca n't cut quite as clear of a line . So I recommend both .
 The item does what it 's supposed to . It seems very well constructed and is a more sturdy piece than many others . Highly recommended !
 Although I do n't get around to nearly as much cooking as I would like , a pie server is becoming increasingly useful in our house , especially for entertaining . We have used this for more than just pie , including cake , quiche , and even lasagna -LRB- ok , that 's when everything is dirty in the sink -RRB- . The great part about this Oxo pie server is that it is strong and has serration on both sides of the blade . We are both right-handed in our house , but I still like that it is symmetrical . The blade is actually pretty sharp , but it probably has more to do with that it is really strong . This is not a bendable item , and I have no problem whatsoever cutting through whatever foods I am presented with . The blade does n't sag or bend when I 'm pulling up on a slice of something.The rubber handle is always a favorite feature of mine -LRB- for Oxo products -RRB- . It helps me to get a good grip on it even if my hands are wet . Even better is that it is dishwasher safe , so I can get it sticky with pie and can still throw it in the dishwasher . The pie server maintains a sophisticated look because it is predominantly stainless steel and then just has the rubbery sides on the handle . The rubber sides have a `` fin '' pattern to them that makes them `` grippy '' . The hand is also `` fat '' , making it comfortable and easy to hold . It seems like a design that is very ergonomic.Overall , I was really happy to add this item from my wedding registry to my ever-growing collection of Oxo items . I have no complaints whatsoever . This Oxo pie server is durable , strong , comfortable and easy to use , and even better it is dishwasher safe . -LRB- Content originally posted at http://www.epinions.com/content_168097320580 -RRB-
 This stainless steel pie server looks classy on the table , and the serrated edges cut very well . But what I love about it is that it is serrated on both sides , and so it works as well for a left handed person as a right handed one . I have 2 other pie servers , but they only have one serrated edge , which works fine if you are right handed , but not if you are left handed .
 As with all oxo products , this item is quality made , and attractive being part of their new steel line . It is the perfect size for a slice of pie , and the rather sharp serrated edges on both sides make for easy digging into . If you 're a fan of oxo products , you 'll love this one . Now you can have your pie and eat it too !
 Very functional . The item is durable enough to use for all food serving purposes -- cakes , pies , even lasagna , etc. . However , the wedge itself is fairly sizeable so small -LRB- er -RRB- slices may be more difficult to dole out of cakes/pies/etc .
 Love this - just what I was looking for . It cuts well -LRB- the edges are serrated -RRB- , and it has the weight & rigidity you want when dishing out a slice of pie . Very happy with it.November 2012 Update
 The cutting edge is nice and sharp for a clearly defined pie slice . It also looks nice and works well .
 Oxo SteeL Pie ServerThis Oxo pie server is durable , strong , comfortable , easy to use , and dishwasher safe . I am happy to add this gadget to my ever-growing collection of Oxo items .
 I really like this pie server . It is the best one I own . The handle provides good grip and is comfortable to hold and does n't slip when your hands are dirty . The serrated edge is so nice because you do n't have to get out a separate knife for cutting . I use mine for breakfast casseroles too .
 Ordered this for my mom for Christmas . I thought it would be cheaply made , but it is not!Great handle grip , has an edge on one side to cut pie/cake . Does not rust !
 The pie server works great , it can finish the cutting of the pie and works quit well as a server .
 You might think it strange that someone could get excited and stay excited over an item as mundane as a pie server . Well , I have to admit that while not `` jumping up and down '' excited , I do happen to be moderately stimulated over this server , very fond of it , and do appreciate the fact that I own one.Now my wife and I do a lot of cooking ; we each have our particular specialties . As it should happen , pies are hers and I never tread on her turf when it comes to preparing or baking one . -LRB- This would include cobblers and the like also -RRB- ; but , that being said , I do serve them , both to family and guest.We do have quite a number of servers about our place ; stuck in drawers and in our baking center . I always seem to reach for this one first though.To begin with , I like the feel of the chunky handle . I feel it gives me more control over what I am doing . It is simply the most comfortable server we own . I like the double serrated blades , which are actually quite handy , especially when you are dealing with large cobbler type dishes of serving consistency . -LRB- By that I mean that some of these dishes are much better served with a large spoon -RRB- . One of the best features of this kitchen tool though is the strength . As advertised , it is flexible , but it must be noted that the blade is extremely strong ... probably the strongest of all our servers , even the high-end ones . To serve a pie correctly , you do not want something that bends around under slight pressure like a chunk of thin plastic ... no , you need a blade with a bit of substance to it , a blade that means business . This one delivers . It is of stainless steel and cleans up very nicely in the dishwasher . As I am the primary dishwasher in our family , this last fact is extremely important to me . We have a number of old wooden handled servers , which I would not trade for anything , but they are a real pain to wash.This is a very attractive pie server . It looks very sleek without looking snobby , but at the same time has a very `` professional '' look to it . It looks and feels like a kitchen tool should ... attractive , yet extremely utilitarian.I will not lie to you ; I am a big fan of Oxo products . I have very seldom ever been disappointed in any of them and as a matter of fact , they have usually been much , much better than the makers claim they are ... a rare thing these days . This server is not different . It is an excellent product.Note
 I have officially fallen in love with all things OxO ! This pie server has serated edges on the top two sides to help with cutting -LRB- you ca n't really identify this by the picture -RRB- and the grip is just like the lasagna turner grip , sturdy amd beefy and perfect for handling . I 'm very excited to try and use it soon !
 Cuts and serves cakes , pies and quiches like a dream . When my ex took our pie serve that had a little piece on top for pushing the food off , I thought I would miss it , but the smooth surface of this guy works just fine .
 I really like this brand . The handle has a great weight and the spatula is a great size . Get it !
 The OXO STAINLESS STEEL PIE SERVER is absolutely the best pie server made . Both sides of the triangular `` blade '' -LRB- from the tip to about two-thirds of the way up -RRB- are serrated . This means the server will cut pie wedges , as well as pick them up for transfer to a dessert or dinner plate.Because of the sturdy stainless steel construction , the server will support the weight of a thick piece of pie -LRB- fruit pie , quiche , chicken pot pie , whatever -RRB- without bending . Also , the server will stand up to being stored loose in a general kitchen-gadget drawer . The handle is comfortable to grip , and the angle of the blade is just right.My first OXO steel pie server still looks new after 4-5 years of use . I purchased another to have one available whenever the first one is in the dishwasher . This pie server gets a lot of use in my household .
 Strong because it is steel . Clean and durable . Sharp cutting edges make your pies look as good as they taste . Expect the steel pie server to last a lifetime .
 I got this pie server for my grandma . We used it this past holiday season and it worked great . Its very sturdy and cleans easily .
 Great for pizza . I liked the first one so much , I went ahead and ordered a second as a gift .
 This is just a Pie Server , but it is what a Pie Server should be.It is not flimsy.It is not Plastic.It seems to be just the right size.I ca n't wait to actually use it on a homemade apple pie !
 I love to make pies , and pride myself on the crust . A great server was the one thing I was missing . With the OXO , my slices come out cleanly cut , not mangled ... even the first slice . Easy to handle , flexible enough , but sturdy enough too to handle the most difficult pie . I am so pleased !
 Love this pie server . So far so good . I gave it a five star because the price is just fair , the grip is good and does its job perfectly .
 Whether you bake pies or quiche or pizza , this pie server is a must . With a serrated edge , it makes cutting easier . Plus you can just slip it right under the piece for easy serving . Love it .
 Handle comfortable and easy to use . Perfect size for a normal size piece of pie . It cuts neat , clean slices .
 Serrated edges so do n't need to dirty a knife . Very flexible to easily remove that first slice . Overall sturdy kitchen tool . Bought this one for a friend who loved mine ! Hard to find these in stores .
 Let 's face it - some pies actually need to be cut - pecan , firm apple , etc. . Unlike most OXO , this handle stays put . Slicer is a little small for the size of slices I usually make , but still a great product .
 I bought a bunch of individual Oxo SteeL utensils and love them all . They feel substantial in the hand and I think they 'll last a good long time .
 I have a drawer full of OXO kitchen tools so I definitely am impressed by OXO 's product line . Good quality , comfort , effectiveness , and smart design are the hallmarks of OXO and this tool is no exception.Ideally this is the size of a perfect wedge of pie . It has a comfortable handle and is made of a sturdy grade of stainless steel . It is flexible enough to make a non-messy first cut and it can slide under to pick up the last piece of pie . It has a serrated edge that produces a nice cut and it washes up nicely by hand or dishwasher without staining.It also has a hole in the handle which is perfect for hanging on a rack.Overall , a great pie cutter which can handle a hefty wedge of pie .
 The server has serrated edges on both sides so it is perfect for left-handers . Washes up nicely in the dishwasher and the edges are sharp . What more can you ask of a pie server ?
 I love this pie server ! It 's dishwasher safe , solid and sturdy . The handle fits comfortably in your hand , and the serrated edges neatly and easily slices through with one try . I honestly do n't have any complaints about it . For the price , it 's totally worth it .
 This server is perfect for right & left handers . Has 2 sharp edges for ease in cutting cake , pie etc. . Very sturdy .
 I say every day , as I use it just about every day . Yes , I do ! It is the perfect size for just about anything except a huge batch of cookies and then I use the 4 QT.Here is what I recommend ; get this 2 QT and try it out . I think that after using this one you will come back for the 4 QT . . I did .
 I bought this bowl as a shower gift and ended up keeping it for myself ! It 's great for a variety of reasons :1 . Children are free to use it without fear of breakage2 . The grip handle keeps fingers free from batter , goo or juices3 . It 's a perfect size for most every need4 . The non-skid bottom really is non-skid ! I recommend this bowl for every household !
 I have been on a hunt for the perfect mixing bowls for several years now . These bowls have everything I was looking for-good balance on the counter while mixing , nice lip for pouring and easy clean up.I am so thankful to have just what I was looking for!Sharon M. Bergeron
 I bought both the two and the four quart bowls . My stainless steel bowls now gather dust . The OXO design department should sweep the international awards for design excellence anyway , but these bowls are over the top . They are by far the most useful bowls I have ever encountered . The clever handle , and rubberized non slip bottoms add enormous utility to the age old bowl . I just hope OXO expands the line with even larger sizes .
 The rubberized bottom and comfortable handle on this bowl make it a pleasure to use . It is light in weight and easy to clean .
 My mother gave me this bowel that she has had herself for a few years . Even after the tumbling , dog chewing -LRB- just a few scratch marks -RRB- and toddler tumbling it around , this bowel looks almost new . I love the handle !
 I have this bowl and the larger one . They are perfect bowls for mixing . The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put . I was them in the dishwasher without any problems .
 Easy to use , stores nicely , cleans easily , pours reliably ... what more could you ask ? Best I 've ever owned .
 The Oxo Good Grips bowl is the best bowl I have ever used . The non-slip bottom grips the counter and does n't move . I can crack eggs and whisk them up . I can mix pizza dough and let it rise right in the bowl . It washes up like a dream .
 I have been married over 38 years and I have NEVER had a bowl like this one . I use it and the 4 qt for EVERYTHING . I just love them both.The rubber sides and bottom are a wonderful idea . And the handle is the best idea ever . If you have not tried one of these bowls , you must !
 and it seems to be microwave safe , too .
 Sharp looking white with black , no slip base , this bowl is nice looking as well as very useful in heavy duty cooking/baking The handle is also of `` no slip '' construction and is big enough so that you can hold the bowl with one hand while mixing with the other . The bowl 's pour spout , is nicely sized , perfect for cake , pancake or waffle batter . Clean up 's a snap in the sink or in your dishwasher !
 The non-stick bottom and handle to this bowl make mixing so much easier . On my countertop , and water makes the bowl slip . But the gripping bottom on this bowl resists slipping , making mixing easier.Unlike some other bowls , this one also has a non-stick handle . Frankly , my hands get wet more often than my countertop , so the non-stick handle may turn out to be more helpful than the base.The 2 quart size is just about perfect for mixing simple sauces or marinades.Remember , this bowl is just about unbreakable too!You will love this bowl .
 This bowl is about as wonderful a mixing bowl as you can get . I own this and the 4 quart bowl . They are solidly constructed . You can put a hand mixer in it and the bowl does n't move . I particularly like the depth of each bowl . They are not so wide that the contents spread out and become a chore to mix . They also clean up very well . You should definitely check them out .
 I purchased both this 2 quart bowl and the 4 quart bowl . I really enjoy cooking with these bowls . They are an improvement over the standard glass or metal bowls that I use to have . The rubberized bottom is the best feature , you can actually run the mixer with one hand and not have the bowl move all over the counter top . The handle has a nice feel to it and the spout actually works without the dribble.I really like these bowls , except the same size bowls do not stack very well . Not a big issue , I have enough storage space , but it would be nice to have a stacking feature . Also , another color other than white would be nice . Even with these two small issues , I will purchase more of these bowls for myself and as house warming presents .
 I am an avid baker so a mixing bowl gets a workout in my kitchen . The OXO name is synonymous with quality and this bowl is the epitome of that quality . Finally , a mixing bowl that is DEEP enough to not fling batter all over my kitchen countertop . A mixing bowl with a very clever ergonomically designed HANDLE . A mixing bowl that 's plastic and therefore MUCH quieter to mix in . And , as if all that was n't enough , it 's rubberized on the bottom so it stays where.I could just KISS whomever is responsible for inventing this bowl . Buy as many as you can get your hands on in every size because it will be the bowl you reach for every time , for every task .
 I own both the 2-Quart and 4-Quart bowls . I 'm wondering what I ever did without them , because I use one of them almost every day.I really like the fact that they 're so deep , which greatly reduces spilling and spattering . And of course the best feature is the rubberized bottom . You can use a hand mixer and you do n't even have to hold onto the bowl ! It does n't move around AT ALL!I really love the spout too . The 4-quart bowl has just become my new `` making strawberry freezer jam '' bowl and I was delighted to be able to pour the jam into the containers without the mess I 've dealt with for the past 20 years or so ! It 's also a great bowl to use for pancake batter - I use the smaller one for pancakes . Just pour the batter right onto the griddle.Because the bowls are deep , they do n't take up tons of room in the fridge . For storage , just cover it with one of those Saran Wrap `` shower cap '' like tops and you 're all set.As another reviewer mentioned , this is also the ideal bowl for popcorn or munchies . I think that every kitchen should definitely have both sizes of this wonderful bowl ! You 'll love them !
 I bought this for my wife a few months ago - ... as my wife had said she was looking for a mixing bowl , and she liked Oxo products anyway.She loves it - it 's a great mixing bowl , does n't slide around , good grips , and as I said in the title . . It makes a great bowl for popcorn when you 're watching a movie or other TV fare.Can ' t go wrong here !
 I bought this bowl some months ago , as well as having a similar model from Dansk that I have had for a couple of years . The OXO has become my hands-down favorite in cooking . It 's a great size and shape . It stays put when mixing . The rubberized handle is great when your hands are greasy or gooey . It cleans up beautifully in either sink or dishwasher . Great purchase for the money , for yourself or as a gift .
 I own every size of this bowl and if they made more I 'd buy them . In fact I 'm thinking about throwing away all my other bowls and just buying several more of these . They are absolutely the greatest mixing bowls ever made . They wo n't slide around -LRB- the bottow is rubber or something like it -RRB- they are steep sided so things do n't splash out , they are easy to clean , and they look great , I could just could go on and on with praise about these bowls . I 'm 63 years old and I cook a lot , I 've never had a better product . Buy these , you wo n't be disappointed .
 These bowls are very nice and they do not move about while you stir your `` whatever '' . They are worth the cost and you will be pleased with any of them . They pour well and the hand grip is useful in handling the bowl . Good items !
 Does everything claimed and is useful for many things .
 I bought the 4 quart first and loved it but it was too large for some things so ordered this one and just adore it . It 's the perfect size to mix my little salads in , pancake batter , meat loaf . . you name it and it fits . . the small things . Love the non-slip bottom , the handle , the pouring spout , the high sides . . everything about it and nothing but praise here . 5 Stars all the way : -RRB-
 This is the utensil you use when stir-frying in a wok . If you get a steel wok -LRB- not a non-stick version -RRB- you 'll need a spatula-like utensil to flip and stir the food as you cook it.Unlike a spoon , the spatula shape allows you to flip the pieces . It can also be used to turn the food out of the wok into a serving bowl -LRB- I bought steel Chinese restaurant covered dishes on feet years ago in a restaurant supply shop . They keep the food hot and look great on the table . -RRB- The long handle is useful to keep your hands at a safe distance from the sizzling hot oil.If you get a wok , buy one of these . If you are using a tabletop non-stick electric wok , do n't use it . You 'll need a non-melting non-metal version -LRB- wood or high-temperature resistant plastic -RRB- instead .
 This is the first OXO tool I 've purchased . It definitely wo n't be the last . This turner is very well constructed . The design is perfect for it 's intended use . The curvature on the end of the paddle is just right for maximum contact with the wok when stir frying and the handle is very comfortable . The tool feels very solid , you can shovel mountains of food with it with no flex . It also works well for serving the food when you 're done cooking it . All in all a great tool .
 This is the best chuan I 've ever used , it is comfortable in the hand , and is much more durable than the chuan that one gets in Asian food stores . It is a shame that OXO no longer makes this product .
 Strainers are kitchen utensils that one needs at inopportune times . At the last minute , when I am hurrying to get all my dishes finished at the same time , I might put forget to add hot liquid to flour or cornstarch , for thickening , and instead add the dry ingredient directly to the gravy or sauce . Then I end up with a lumpy mess unless I have a strainer -LRB- or cheesecloth -RRB- on hand . This OXO strainer is 8 inches across , so it is large enough to strain a pan of gravy without overflowing . The mesh is a fine gauge , so the gravy will end up smooth .
 This strainer is perfect for hooking to the side of a bowl or pot and straining stock , soup , sauces , or any liquid and it catches fat , spices , bones or other unwanted items leaving you with the good stuff . This strainer has seen heavy use and has held up well over the years . Excellent product .
 A lot of our kitchen accessories are made by OXO . We like the grips more than anything else . We only regret not having purchased the complete set of strainers instead of buying one by itself . Otherwise it works well .
 Generally , I like this
 It 's Oxo , so it works great , as you 'd expect . Well made and good looking , if a bit pricey .
 I own almost all of the OXO steel gadgets . But this one has kind of scary feeling when lifted by it 's handle with something heavy , like it is going to brake on it 's weld .
 Works exactly as expected . Feels nice in the hands and looks great.What else were you looking for ?
 It takes OXO to make something as simple and common as a bottle opener , into a professional kitchen tool . This opener is sturdy , comfortable and does the job well .
 The Oxo Steel Stainless Steel Bottle Opener is an excellent buy . It is very sturdy and easy to use . I strongly recommend it to anyone who is in the market for a bottle opener . I received a great product at a bargain price .
 I use this little tool in so many ways , and hardly ever for melon balls ! It 's great for shaping meatballs , making uniform-sized drop cookies , small ice cream scoops for single serving desserts , scooping the seeds out of cucumbers and apples , etc. . It 's just a great thing to have around . This one in particular has a great grip on it , and the convenience of two sizes of scoops . Definitely a must-have for my kitchen .
 This thing is great ! It 's up for scraping the seeds out of a cuke , coring apples , and even -LRB- ! -RRB- making pretty little melon balls . It 's easy to clean , it 's grippy , and it comes with two different sizes on the ends - just one scoop did n't cut it for OXO . They went above and beyond the call of duty . If only the people who set the price on this thing would do the same ... Though it 's somewhat pricey for the small gadget it is , I think it 's worth the money just in the amount of time it saves me scooping the seeds out of the middle of apples . And plums and other small stone fruit as well .
 This is a good quality tool . I expected the ` good grips ' handles to be soft and squishy , but they are quite hard . They do n't slip around though , even when wet , which is nice .
 I previously had a `` Brand X '' melon baller which , with occasional use , developed a cracked handle which I had to tape to keep together and later , the scoop end broke off ! I broke down and got the best ... the OXO is really sturdy and , as with all their products , comfortable to use . I can tell I 'll get years of use out of it without it falling to pieces like my previous one . It just goes to show , even with a product that only gets occasional use , it does n't pay to get a cheap one !
 I love this little utensil . The handle is sturdy and the two sized scoops are very useful for different tasks . I use it to drain or scoop out any small items , such as capers or olives . I like the idea of using it for meatballs or even balling up the crumb for crumb cake . It 's a versatile tool not only to create melon balls .
 I 've used it for cookies and I have used it to core apples to make apple tarts . I 've also used it for watermelon and honey dew . I 've used it to scoop ice cream.I even use it as a spoon . possibilities are limitless . I think i paid almost $ 10 for it which is alot for a metal spoon with plastic handle but so far , it 's worth the every penny .
 Ca n't say much for it since it 's just a melon baller but it is sturdy and does the job . It 's also nice that it has two different sizes . I like the brand Oxo and have never been dissapointed .
 This is a great product ! I use it to peel apples , and lots of other stuff I never thought I would use it for ! Very handy !
 This melon baller creates perfect balls . Much better than the old tupperware one that my mother had . If you like melon , I highly recommend this melon baller -- everyone 's always impressed by melon balls , and they 're so easy !
 When possible , I always purchase OXO products , as I find them as well made and durable as the more expensive brands . If for any reason one of their products breaks or is less than expected , I 've always gotten immediate and satisfactory responses from the company itself . As for this melon baller , what can I say to review it ? It works , it washes well in the dishwasher , and it does the job it is intended to do .
 Not that I can use it very well , but it makes balls out of melons . Sturdy , good grip , I actually use it for baking purposes more than making melon balls . Many uses for this fine tool.EDIT
 Never had one before , but makes it so much nicer than cutting up the melons . Plus the whole in the middle leaves the liquid behind . Love the two different sizes .
 My purpose in ordering it was to pit Cherry Tomatoes but , as has been mentioned by others , one keeps discovering uses for it that you had n't thought off . The rim on both ends is sharp enough to easily cut through the flesh of both vegetables and fruit which is a plus . It has a firm grip , heavy enough to allow one to feel they 're in control but not so heavy as to make it cumbersome to use . I 'd order one even if on the moment I had no particular use for it . Eventually you will and you 'll be glad you had it on hand .
 The melon baller works well . It makes easy cuts of little round balls and then releases them well . The availability of two sizes is fantastic . The handle however is not too comfy to hold . For a single melon it works fine , but if you are going to be using it a lot of long stretches of time , look for a better handle to hold .
 good tool for scooping out melons . It stays sharp forever . easy to use . way easier than using a spoon .
 It works ; it 's a nice size , and truly can be used in a variety of tasks . This should definitely be something in your kitchen drawer .
 Absolutely the best melon baller you 're going to find short of the electro/mechanical Tobina Deluxe ... Save yourself the money , this one is a winner !
 I use it pretty much every week for fruit salad . Happy so far . It seems sturdy .
 this baller is very comfortable and secure when making fruit flowers all day
 Love the OXO tools . I have yet to get a bad one . Love the nice long , easy to grip handle . Easy grip is a key feature of OXO , and is great for older hands with a touch of arthritis . This little critter is also useful for seeding things like cucumbers and poblano peppers , not just melons . I even use it to keep my hands clean reaching the bottom of tall mayonnaise jars .
 What rapture . What joy . A gizmo that works like it should . OXO products are the best . Merry Christmas to all .
 I purchased this to replace my antiquaited bent melon baller that I have had for over 20 years . This new new has a great hand/weight feel , soft handle for marathon balling and clean edges for even balling with ease . I have many OXO tools on my baking/cooking apron . Very happy with my purchase .
 This Melon Baller is great and i have been able to use it in many different ways . I have used it for shaping fruit but also scooping out cookie dough and shaping truffles . The handle has a good shape and is very comfortable , which gives a little which is good when you have to use force with the denser items . Great quality product , and would recommend this product .
 The Oxo Good Grips Melon Baller is a robust , well designed tool . Many melon ballers will work well with soft fruits such as ripe watermelon but will fail when used with firmer fruits . This tool will remove the seeds and seed casings from a fresh chrisp firm apple with minimal effort . The head of my old melon baller broke while coring a few apples . The Oxo handle is slightly soft but firm enough not to give under force . I find the handle comfortable . The cutting edges face in different directions so when working with one end the sharp side of the other end faces away from my wrist . The heads are trully hemispherical so the resulting balls are nicely shaped . I would recommend this tool to family and friends . This was an Amazon Prime item which arrived in quickly without added shipping charges .
 That 's not technically true , but I do like it.I read some other reviews about how the double sided thing digs into wrists or something ? I 've never once had that problem . Maybe if you are trying to ball set concrete or some other extremely hard substance that could be an issue , but since melon is generally the softest substance known to man I can not imagine a situation in which you would need to exert enough pressure that even if you decided to hold the baller with the unused end pressed against your writs arteries that there would be discomfort . Maybe I 'm just good at holding things.Really , though , my wife uses it more than I do and she ' never had a complaint . It 's a melon baller . If you are unimpressed , maybe you should examine your melon balling expectations and see if you might be setting the bar a bit too high .
 This is a handy utensil that everyone should have ! It makes eating cantaloupes and watermelon very easy and makes it pretty looking too ! I like to scoop out a bowl of melon with this handy little melon baller . It makes it so easy to enjoy a nice big bowl of fresh fruit . There really is n't a lot more to say except that it seems sturdy and durable and it works perfect .
 The two different sizes are why I use this one . I use the small to remove seeds . The larger end I use to make perfect melon balls for a pretty fruit salad .
 I ordered this to help make a recipe I found online -LRB- cheesecake stuffed strawberries -RRB- and it made the process very easy .
 Fast delivery . The long handle is easy to hold and feel comfortable . Used it to make watermelon balls for 1st graders , perfectly fit their mouths . Highly recommend !
 I own a lot of OXO brand kitchen tools and have never been disappointed by their quality and versatility . I initially bought this to produce nice sized melon balls for fruit trays and fruit salads ; it does a wonderful job . However , I have also used this to core apples for baked apples , core seeded cucumbers , make individual butter balls , drop cookies , meatballs , etc.This tool offers two different size balls which are at either end of the implement . It has a good grip and works well with no slippage . It is comfortable to use and surprisingly efficient.It is dishwasher proof and sturdy enough to last a lifetime .
 I thought this was great for the price . Very long length , great for men and women , and great quality . Nice shiny silver with black matted handle . has little holes on the ends to poke out the melon balls with . two great sizes . Perfect .
 This will get you the two most common sizes for melon/vegetable balling and it 's comfortable to use . No complaints at all .
 OXO has done it again ! This stainless steel serving spatula is a wonderful kitchen implement like so many other OXO products . It excels in all three areas that a world-class spatula should
 I have a lot of kitchen tools ... but I LOVE this spatula ! It fits nicely in my hand , works well in so many places and is so reasonably priced ! Like many OXO products , this is a good value for the price .
 This is really good for bars and brownies , or smaller serving ideas . For a larger one , I recommend the lasagna turner . This does n't stain , has a nice large handle , and cleans really easily . I love it .
 I want another one and now they are n't available . I 've had mine for 5 years and now relatives want them . It 's held up perfectly and is perfect for corn bread , and anything where you do n't want the larger lasagna sized server . I see Oxo seems to have replaced it with an all rubber handle model . I 've ordered that one and we 'll see if it 's comparable . Search for Oxo stainless serving spatula to find it .
 I bought this because I wanted a sturdy smaller type spatula . It is well made and is used a lot around my house . Good for cookies , brownies , oh for just about anything you want to use it for .
 Amazon asked me to review this item , but even though i was charged for it it never arrived . I am an amazon prime member and i make thousands of dollars of purchases a year , and most go smoothly , but when it was time to try and report an item that shows in the system as ` shipped ' but never made it to my home - well , then you see the entire amazon store is automated and nobody to talk to if there is a problem . The ` call back ' feature from customer service has failed , and the special complaint form also had a technical glitch after multiple return visits to the site . For this low of a price it is not worth the agony - but i am hoping SOMEBODY at Amazon may read this and come to the rescue . Maybe Amazon Prime members deserve to get an 800 # we can call where a person actually picks up the phone ???
 Great product . Im in love with the OXO product line . You pay a little more but always get high quality and durability .
 I really like this brand and it does n't disappoint . the weight of the handle is great and the size of the spoon is as well .
 I purchased many OXO utensils for my elderly parents after reading reviews . My mom had a stroke affecting her dominant side and my father has a tremor on his dominant side . Both found the utensils easy and comfortable to hold .
 My Mom loved the quality of this item ! I gave it to her for Christmas ! I know she 'll use it a lot !
 This server really kinda grips the spaghetti , rather than it sliding out like in my previous one . Great size for our family .
 This is a super spaghetti/pasta server . My old one was cheap plastic , which was probably over 25 years old . Thank you .
 This is a good product and OXO has done well by me over the years . This spaghetti strainer is solidly built and feels good in hand . It will likely provide years of good service .
 Does it 's job well just like the other SteeL utensils . Seems sturdy and well built as far as I can tell . I ca n't imagine any amount of spaghetti bending it .
 Used my new OXO spaghetti fork for the first time tonight . Perfect replacement for an old plastic one . Another winner from OXO .
 Honestly what can I say . Its a spaghetti server , it does what it was made to do , has a comfortable handle like most oxo products , and is just the right length for serving up mean pasta dishes . No problems at all to report thus far , I am happily pleased with it .
 I do n't think for the price you can beat any of the Oxo kitchen implements . They are all so well made . Will have this for a looooong time .
 Does what it 's designed for and goes well with my stainless & black kitchen appliances . I love Oxo good grips tools .
 I got a whole set of OXO kitchen utensils . I was a bit disappointed to find these are stamped steel with rough edges . Not rough so much that they would cut you , but rough as in not a nice smooth high quality feel . I 'm also not crazy about the handles as they force you to hold the tool in an exact position - I 'm used to grabbing the tool maybe closer to the scoop for better balance.But they are okay , and a huge improvement over the plastic crap we had.Note
 I typically like OXO products , and I needed a steel spaghetti server , so I thought I 'd give this one a try . However , I was a little disappointed with this particular utensil when I first received it in the mail , as it 's fairly light weight . At any rate , I 've already utilized it a few times now , and it seems rugged enough to do the job , plus it cleans up well in the dishwasher . The jury is still out on this product though , as I want to see how it holds up over time .
 This pasta spoon is wonderful with the easy grip handle.It allows removing excess water from boiling pasta and for serving on plates.The quality and efficiency are both great.Water is never nice at the bottom of a dish , especially when you add the sauce or condiments.The price is reasonable for this great quality .
 I love this utensil ! It 's perfect for the times when I 'm lazy and not wanting to drain pasta . This is a great handheld , impromptu strainer ; it 's a great server overall . Works well with salads too .
 I got the wholeOXO Good Grips 15-Piece Everyday Kitchen Tool Setand just added the steel spaghetti serve to finish on the set . The quality of OXO is wonderful and I love the way they fill in your hand .
 I always had plastic ones of these before . They would either accidentally get laid down on a hot surface and melt , or just bend and break from trying to scoop thick heavy stuff . I decided to splurge and just get this , and boy am I glad I did ! Scooped out cold spaghetti the other night onto a plate to heat up , and this thing did not even struggle or bend at all , and I was n't being gentle . The grip is nice too . It 's just a high quality kitchen utensil and I highly recommend it for someone who is fed up with the cheap ones . I will never need to buy another one of these again .
 My daughter asked for a metal pasta server . I had not heard of one but I went on the search and found that were in fact quite a few different kinds of them . I decided on this one as I liked the look of it and I picked the right one . My daughter was thrilled with it . She said the handle was one of the better featured on it as it offered insulation from the heat . I am just glad I found the spoon that she wanted and she is very happy with it . I might even be getting one for myself .
 I thought this would be really ugly and broken when I got it because of the price , but I was plesantly surprised ! It was beautiful and did n't have a scratch on it ! I got this for a friend and she loved it ! And the price makes it even better ! I would recomend this to anyone !
 I ordered this spoon to go with my OXO serving fork . This is a large spoon , and is very heavily constructed . I ca n't imagine any kitchen activity that this spoon would n't be up to . It is very ruggedly made of stainless steel , and best of all , is dishwasher safe , a feature sometimes not present in high end utensils . The only thing that surprised me a bit about this spoon is its length
 Ran it thru dishwasher , left it wet for couple of days , put it in steaming boiling hot water . Spoon held out . Rugged spoon . No issues . ` nuff said .
 It was little bigger than I had thought but all around it 's a great spoon . The spoon is well designed . It is comfortable to use and very sturdy.You can even get hard icecream out of the carton without it bending
 One of my biggest issues with Kitchen utensils is that so many of them are flimsy - and when you are stirring something heavy they bend or break . But not with this spoon . It 's durable and stiff , yet sized well with a remarkably comforable grip , so it does n't slip during use . Other products in this line are great too , and also benefit from this strength and build quality . I have several as a result , and count them as one of my most frequently used items for stews or other similar dishes . A good purchase you will likely use for a lifetime !
 This spoon is great for serving mashed potatoes , potato salad and other foods that require a big serving spoon . It 's very durable and attractive and the handle is lighter than the spoon bowl so it stays put and does n't fall out of the serving dish . Good quality , great price !
 I have always loved this brand . It has a great handle
 Spoon is sturdy and the handle is so comfortable when I am mixing ingredients that I can not use my Kitchen Aid mixer on .
 I bought this because my favorite stainless steel spoon is getting old and I was worried about replacing it with something even near the quality . My old one is a Stanley stainless Steel Spoon and you ca n't find them anymore so I was happy to find this type of spoon . The spoon is perfect for my pots up to 4 quarts without falling in and it does the job well . Have n't tried it on the 6 quart pot but it may work for that one too . I can stir light foods or heavy foods and it has a good grip on it with the design on the sides of it . It has something like silicone on the sides for gripping and it does help hold it for things that are tough to stir .
 I love OXO products . They are just the right weight and they stand up to a lot of use . The spoons fit really well in your hand and this one is just the right length for everyday cooking .
 I purchased many OXO utensils for my elderly parents after reading reviews . My mom had a stroke affecting her dominant side and my father has a tremor on his dominant side . Both found the utensils easy and comfortable to hold .
 Absolutely love this serving spoon ! I bought it as a gift for my daughter , and I know she will also love the spoon .
 I love oxo products . This is a great little serving spoon ! I gave it 4-stars because the wording on the handle is starting to wear off from washing it in the dishwasher though .
 Given as a gift ... own same one and am very happy with the quality and feel of this serving spoon !
 So far I have been totally satisfied with every Oxo product I have ordered , including this Oxo Steel Serving Spoon .
 I 've tried several serving spoons and have tried a similar stainless steel spoon recently ; but Oxo hands down has them all beat . The handle length is right as well as the spoon size ; and the grip is not to be beat.I ordered the slotted spoon and spatula in this same line ... all stellar ! You 'll want to toss everything else out of your kitchen drawer once you have these . Happy cooking !
 It 's just a spoon , I know , but I really like it . This series by Oxo is so worth the money . Highly recommend .
 I have 3 of these and they are all great . Very sturdy and nice looking . Great handles - comfortable , and look nice if displayed on the counter . I would recommend these - you wo n't regret it .
 OK , so it 's a spoon . Not much to get worked up over . But while I appreciate the implied durability of steel , it 's also been easily scratched , which mars the picture-perfect smoothness that Oxo uses at the onset to appeal to purchasers . Yes , I can scour out the blemishes , but hello , that 's down around # 231 on my list of things to do with my time . More importantly , I find the handle awfully short in proportion to the spoon-ish part . With such a deep bowl to it , I 'm not sure what the spoon 's function is actually intended to be . It kind of wants to be a ladle but is relegated to subbing for a wooden spoon . I bought this while I was living with my parents and left it there when I moved out . Have n't missed it . But then again , four stars because , hey , it 's a spoon .
 These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing ! I have yet to find anything that compares . This masher works great without much effort , and the foods come out perfect . As for quality , it has n't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use . This includes throwing it in the dishwasher ! The handle is large , easy to grip and having bad wrists , makes mashing more comfortable as a result.I was so impressed , I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house . Not only has this piece performed flawlessly , but the entire set I received has too . I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift -LRB- or both -RRB- , OXO wo n't disappoint !
 After breaking 2 potato mashers in 2 years -LRB- both from Crate and Barrell -RRB- , I was looking for a masher with no moving parts and a sturdy construction that will last me years . This is perfect ! The cushioned handle makes it very comfortable on the hands .
 This is great ! I have n't had a masher in years and this one is just perfect - the right size , not too big - works in a small or large bowl , is sturdy , comfortable to grip , and will easily mash your potatoes or squash or whatever you fancy in a few simple strokes . Fits in a regular kitchen drawer for storage .
 This potato masher does the job really quickly without putting too much effort into it.Also , it has a nice non-slip handle which is very comfortable to grip .
 it 's my first masher . however , it 's fantastic in my opinion . i love oxo products . i 've used it to mash potatoes and strawberries so far . -LRB- not together -RRB- i keep the skins on my potatoes so it 's probably a little harder as the skins stick to the masher . but it works great and i 'd recommend it .
 First of all I have to say that I was looking for another nonstick type masher to replace my old one that has a breach in the nonstick and is starting to rust there . :-LRB- Often I will boil the potatoes in a nonstick pan then , after draining , pour them back into the hot pan to mash them . I looked at nonstick and nylon mashers and nothing struck me enough to make a purchase.So , I decided to go old school and look at all stainless steel mashers . I figured I 'd just bite the bullet and pour the potatoes into something else for mashing , or just boil them in a stainless steel pot.Being a fan of OXO already , I wanted to look at their offerings and ended up choosing this one . As much as I know I probably have a 99 % chance of getting something of superior quality from OXO I was still shocked at the heft of this masher . It weighs 6.9 oz / 197grams . The entire unit is so sturdy and feels perfect in the hand . The stainless steel head is amazingly heavy duty . It 's more of a matte finish , unlike what you usually see in a stainless steel utensil so I actually had to look at the description again to make sure that it is indeed stainless steel . I was comforted to know that because I do n't like chrome or mystery metal . I 'll pay more to get a nice grade of stainless steel every time.I could not be more pleased . You could bonk an intruder on the head with this thing and do enough damage to get yourself out of the house safely , methinks . :-RRB- As for mashing potatoes - it does n't get better !
 You can always rely on OXO to deliver a practical , long-lasting kitchen tool for a very reasonable price . The OXO Steel Potato Masher is a attractive and quite sturdy . I 've only owned it for a few weeks , but I can tell it will last for years and years . It 's dishwasher safe and very comfortable to use thanks to the rubber molding on the sides of the handle.I actually bought it to mash things other than potatoes though . I find a potato ricer -LRB- OXO makes an excellent one -RRB- is the better tool for mashed potatoes . If you use this masher for potatoes , it will work well for chunky mashed potatoes ; but if you try to keep mashing them down to a more creamy conistency , you will end up with very dense and gluey potatoes . A potato ricer will leave you with the lightest and fluffiest mashed potatoes with no chunks . Still , I 'd recommend buying this or one day 'll you end up trying to make applesauce with a bent spatula , like me .
 Purchased as a gift for family as I liked mine . At times I wonder if the potato masher is a thing of the past , but I am proving it is not . Very useful for a variety of cooking applications .
 We had this OXO Steel Potato Masher for about 2 months now , and I must say that this is the best quality masher we ever had ! Sure it was a little pricy , but if you want to buy something that will last you a long time and wo n't rust then this is for you!Better to spend money once on something great than buy cheap stuff and have to buy them often.Overall
 How can you go wrong with a potatoe masher LOL ... it works great nice and sturdy very happy with my purchase
 I bought this masher to replace an old plastic one I had . This one works better and is much easier to clean . Good quality .
 My old potato masher finally gave up the ghost . So I was looking to purchase a new one . I looked around and the Oxo was a nice model at a good price , so I picked it up.My only complaint is the handle is a little short and not made of stainless steel .
 It will mash your potatoes ... in style . : -RRB- Also , easy to grip ... but I have n't used many others .
 This is a good , sturdy , kitchen utensil . looks good in the kitchen and is dishwasher safe.Price is reasonable and delivery was quick.Great value .
 A great deal for just $ 9 . Just a few thoughts on this item ; - The stainless steel construction is sturdy , and beautiful - too bad my fingerprints are left on it ! - The ribbed fins along the side do improve gripping , comfort , and handling . - The spatula part itself is large , and offers easy pickup of food items.Conclusion - a great and cheap ! slotted turner from Oxo .
 I have always found OXO 's kitchen implements to be superior , and this stainless steel turner is no exception . It is ruggedly made and very well designed . It is ergonomically friendly to a human hand , and is thin enough to easily slide under delicate things in a pan or griddle without tearing them -LRB- a problem with many cheaper turners . -RRB- This is certainly not the cheapest turner on the market , but I imagine that it will easily last the rest of my life . It is also dishwasher safe , which is a huge plus . Overall this is the best value for your dollar if you are in the market for a stainless steel turner !
 I was in love with this item at first site ... Although I have to admit , the item is a bit pricey comparatively to other turners but the ergonomics and the design makes it all well worth it ! A recommendation to all designer cooks !
 I recently purchased some cast iron cookware and wanted a turner that would n't melt and just grabbed this one because I have had good luck with the Oxo brand before . This one out-performed even my expectations . Has a beautiful look , a wonderful balance and cleans up really easily -LRB- that one was a surprise to me -RRB- . It makes cooking effortless and a pleasure . I never thought I would rave about a spatula , but I just love this thing ! I also purchased the tongs and have been equally thrilled with them .
 I found this product and then hesitated when considering the price . I finally broke down and bought it and I 'm SO happy with it . It fits the hand well , does its job , and has such solid construction , it 'll probably outlast ME ! I 've since purchased more Oxo utensils and have yet to be disappointed . Give it a try -- I promise you 'll flip . -LRB- Sorry , I could n't resist . -RRB-
 The item does what it 's supposed to . It seems very well constructed and is a more sturdy piece than many others . Highly recommended !
 Buying any OXO product is money well spent . Have n't come across anything yet that I 've been disappointed with , and this is no exception . Strong and sturdy , well made , and will last pretty close to forever .
 It 's strong , the handle is very comfortable , and it washes easily . This is actually my first metal spatula , I 've live so long on plastic ones , and I really like the plastic ones I have , but this was a revelation . I have many other Oxo products because they are so well designed and made , and this is no exception .
 I had to add my review to the others as this is a very nice tool for the price ! It is sturdy and solid , with just a very slight bit of flex . I does n't bow , even under a heavy piece of meat . It has a good heft without being overly heavy , and the handle feels comfortable for both large and small hands . The edge works well both for scraping up bits from the bottom of the pan and for getting under stuff to turn it . I love to use this for frying or browning meat , then making the pan sauce after . If you like to cook , it is well worth picking this up . It will quickly become a favorite that you will reach for frequently .
 Great product . Light weight and sturdy . This product is well made . I will definately purchase more products from them !
 In this particular style of OXO , I own just about every utensil . I have to say that I have yet to be disappointed !! The handles are very comfortable , they are sturdy and dishwasher safe . If you ever get those great 20 % off coupons from Bed Bath & Beyond , you can apply them to these and save even more , not that the prices here are n't good but ever bit helps ! Buy them while they are still available .
 I 've had bad luck with nylon/silicone turners . They always seem to melt , and the last left little bits on my pan ! This turner wont ' melt , looks pleasing , and feels good in the hand . I have small hands , and this one fits me pretty well . It 's not particularly heavy either , though it does have some heft -LRB- being metal -RRB- .
 What can I say ? I 'm a fan of this Oxo series and think it is well worth the money . You 'll have the spatula -LRB- excuse me , turner -RRB- forever .
 This is a good product . Nice balance in the hand , thin edge to get under eggs , feels light but sturdy . I also like the angle of the spatula .
 It 's the perfect weight and perfect size . The spatula is the right size and it does the job very well .
 Pros : Rubber gripNicely weightedThin leading edge to get under delicious food items -LRB- like pancakes -RRB- Cons : Be careful not to scratch nonstick pans
 This product just feels well-made . Fits nicely in the hand with nice styling . I love this line .
 What I wanted was a skimmer to let me scoop out samples/pieces from a broth or liquid so that I could conveniently test for doneness and to taste whether any additional seasoning was needed . For some foods , it 's not easy to tell accurately just by looking . Trying to chase down a piece in the saucepan by piercing it with a fork to pick it out can make it break apart . I 've used this skimmer for quite some time now in lieu of other cookware implements such as a slotted spoon and have been entirely satisfied . The purchase price was quite reasonable . If I were to someday need another one , I 'd choose this Pedrini skimmer again .
 I bought the Mikasa 40 pcs dinnerware set and needed the coffee pot and creamer/sugar bowl to complete it . This coffee pot is original and in perfect condition with no defects , serves the purpose and looks great ! Love it .
 I got the breadbox in a timely manner , it 's simple , sturdy , and can hold two large loaves if need be . I 'm happy with it . It looks nice and keeps the cat from sneaking onto the counter and stealing the bread .
 I have looked at a lot of bread boxes over the years and was impressed with the price . I was even more impressed when I got it . It is not a lightweight , cheesy box . In fact , it 's on the heavier side and the door operates easily and smoothly . It has plenty of room for two loaves of bread and keeps them very fresh . Highly recommended !!!
 I have been looking for an inexpensive , yet attractive breadbox ... this is the one ! It 's lightweight and fully functional . There is no need to spend more as this breadbox works perfectly !
 just the right size , my wife really likes it , it keeps bread fresh longer , looks great , on counter , holds 2 large loafs , a great find for the price .
 Nice item , it was mostly what I expected , but my only complaint is that I did n't realize how small it is . It really only fits a couple of bread items -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Otherwise it 's great .
 I needed a breadbox low enough to fit under my spacesaver coffee pot & the one I purchased from Amazon filled the bill , in addition to being good looking & large enough to accomodate two loaves of bread if necessary .
 Awesome poster . You really get a creepy vibe that the movie and the game series give 's you just by looking at this poster . Must have for any Silent Hill fan !
 Honestly what can I say . Its a slotted spoon , it does what it was made to do , has a comfortable handle like most oxo products , and is just the right length for serving dishes . No problems at all to report thus far , I am happily pleased with it .
 Sturdy , nice feel to the handle . Stays cool even when left in a boiling pot . Does n't flex when stirring hearty items . Stylish look . Comes out of the dishwasher nice and clean . Intended to use it as a serving spoon , but use it for lots of purposes.Update May09Still love it . I focus on value shopping - does n't have to be cheap , but must deliver value that justifies the price . This delivers .
 Really nice for serving at the table . Works well . Great product from OXO , as usual .
 I like this brand . The handle is a good weight and it 's sturdy . The only glitch is that the spoon is a little smaller than expected .
 I purchased many OXO utensils for my elderly parents after reading reviews . My mom had a stroke affecting her dominant side and my father has a tremor on his dominant side . Both found the utensils easy and comfortable to hold .
 I 've been rating all the SteeL utensils 5 stars as they work nice , feel substantial and comfortable and give me the impression they 'll be around my kitchen for a long time . This spoon fits in with the rest of the tools I picked up .
 My husband and I purchased the slotted spoon and normal stainless steel serving spoons as replacements for our old `` chrome '' covered spoons which were peeling , and probably not too healthy . These get the job done , and most of all I like that they are stainless steel so I do n't have to worry about transfer into our foods .
 i have many utensils from this line , and just like the rest , this piece work beautifully . my only advise is do n't wait for food to get stuck before washing , instead giving it a rinse as soon as your done with it , as food tends to stick really well to it , requiring a soak later . there is also a real nice looking stainless bucket for these to set on your counter top for around $ 20 , and the bottom -LRB- oxo plastic -RRB- comes off for easy cleaning . i love my set !
 When you 're using something like this , what can you say ? It 's a nice design ? Hey , it 's a slotted spoon and designed to be a spoon with holes in it . OK , it scoops food ; so what?Well , this just has a darn good feel to it when I 'm scooping food . Best I 've had . It 's as simple as that . Ai n't this all that counts ? Well , sure , it 's durable . You can see that .
 This is an excellent serving spoon . It is perfectly designed for optimal grip in both adults and children . It comes out of the dishwasher looking great .
 This vacuum is a great starter vacuum . I moved out of my parents house and bought this little thing and it works GREAT ! Love the suction and the fact that it is light weight . The only downfalls it has is the vent at the front which blows stuff away on hard flooring and the cleaning of the filter . But , with my apartment space not being like a full sized house , the filter only needs to be cleaned every once in a while , and i usually take something -LRB- like a knife or other long tool -RRB- and just scrape all the junk out , that way it does n't get all over the place . So if you dont have a full sized house , and are looking for something reliable , strong , and convenient , this vacuum is definately for you !
 I have been researching vacuum cleaners for months now . My criteria
 I love this guy ! He works and works and works . It 's light weight so it 's perfect for a senior or a small home . I had it in my vacation rental on Maui and it is so good that the maids stole it ! I replaced it immediately when I replaced the cleaning service .
 I LOVE this vacuum ! It 's lightweight and has powerful suction . Contrary to other reviews , it works great on hardwood floors -LRB- two-thirds of our house is hardwood -RRB- . Yes , the exhaust scatters the dirt , but that works to your advantage because everything is blasted out of hiding and nothing has a chance of escaping that suction power ! Now I damp mop the floors without ever having to stop to pick up a missed dust bunny or crumb . We have parakeets -LRB- lots of feathers , seeds , etc. -RRB- , four cats -LRB- lots of FUR and litter tracks -RRB- , and one large dog -LRB- lots of shedding twice a year -RRB- . It works great on car interior carpets where there 's a lot of dog fur . Yes , I empty the cannister and clean the filter -LRB- using a soft toothbrush -RRB- every time . It takes all of two minutes . And it 's worth it because , unlike vacuums that require bags , THIS VACUUM NEVER LOSES ITS POWER ! Is n't that amazing ? Think about it . . no more running the vacuum over and over and over the same spot , trying to pick up a piece of lint . When a vacuum ca n't pick up even lint , imagine how filthy the carpets are . Plus , there 's NO NASTY SMELL from the vacuum -- do you actually think that a bag of dirt sitting for weeks does n't stink ? Think again . Now I look for the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval on all purchases !
 I have had this lil guy for over a year . I love it . Yes the cleaning hose and cord are a little short , but its sooo light weight , I love the collapsing handle and it it great for stairs . Tip on cleaning the filter ... Compressed air ! I have used both the canned air duster -LRB- for electronics -RRB- and the one in my garage that runs my tools . Take the filter outside bang it on the ground in the grass and then hit it with the air .
 This vacuum is perfect for what I needed ... which was a not-too-big -LRB- not super tiny -RRB- sized vacuum for my studio apartment . Easy to use , works well on my carpet -LRB- I do n't know the name of the kind of carpet I have , but it 's not fluffy ... it 's flat like a rug -RRB- . The filter seems to get stuffed up kinda quick , but my hair falls all over the place and it does a good job of suckin ' it all up . And it 's not hard to just pull all the stuff off the filter . It is a bit loud , but not enough to annoy me . It 's not like you 're vacuuming for hours at a time . I like the extendable arm and it really does have a cool lookin ' design and color . Overall , I love this lil ' guy .
 I used one of these when i was cleaning my wife 's company office and really liked it . Our home vacuum would blow dust everywhere even after i cleaned it and checked for leaks . i said the heck with it and bought one of these . i 'm glad i did . easy to use , light weight and a great price and i 'm dusting a lot less ! Some people complain of a short cord , but i do n't have a problem with it .
 My old upright was not working well , it would overheat and shut off . What kind of silly thing is that ? Anyhow , my maid recommended that I get this . She has had ZERO complaints or issues with this thus far . Very happy with it .
 I bought this vacuum to replace a broken one ... I was worried about the quality because the price was so good . But since it was coming from Eureka I knew my worries were unfounded . It is a great vac and does a super job at cleaning .
 This product is everything it claims to be . I am very please with its preformance and price .
 Bought the Eureka 431 BXZ Optima Lightweight Upright vacuum and so far , I 'm impressed . Unit was very small and appeared `` rinky dink '' but it has worked great on my carpets and on my bare floors . The waste canister is very easy and `` mess free '' to empty . I was very amazed at all of the dust , dog hair and birdseed that it picked up from my caprets and floors . I was really disgusted by all of the dirt & dog hair that my previous vacuum cleaner was obviously not picking up . Little unit has great suction and cleaning power . At first I was disappointed by the small vacuuming path but this vacuum easily fits between my furniture , the walls and my table and chair legs . The only drawback is that the front of the unit is a little bulky and the vacuum will not reach very far under chairs , beds or other low furniture . Compact size is very easy to store . This will be a great , inexpensive vacuum if it holds up .
 Before purchasing this vacuum I read all of the reviews . Many people said that for its size it was very powerful , etc - that is all true - but what nobody mentioned was how loud it is . If you do n't mind a loud vacuum , then this is a good choice . If you do then DO N'T buy this machine .
 This vacuum cleans as well as a larger more expensive one . There are no bags to buy , and I especially like the fact that I can see what I am vacuuming up . This way you can tell when the rug is really clean with no guess work.Some people might not like having to dump the dirt out , and you do need to vacuum the filter -LRB- they give you two -RRB- but for me the results are worth the handling . There is a certain amount of `` mechanical '' ability needed to put the filter back in place etc. but once you know or are shown what to do , it is easy .
 I initially saw this vacuum reviewed in a household magazine , which gave it excellent ratings against the Oreck and other top of the line vacuums . Bought two of them 18 months ago -- one for upstairs and one for downstairs -- which was an excellent choice . The suction is remarkable and they do a remarkable job on wood floors , which I have throughout the house . For the people who complain about the length of the cord
 I have owned one of these vacuums for several years . I use it more than my large upright . My Eureka has a lot of power and it is easy for me to use because it is so light weight . I gave one to my Aunt for a gift just this Christnas .
 Have n't had any problem w / this product so far . It 's multifunctions are a plus as I can vaccum my couch and in between crevices . Overall good product for the price .
 Got this vacuum in Jan. of 2004 and have been using it VERY actively since then , as we have 2 dogs and a cat . It just gave out yesterday , and prior to that , it worked perfectly every single time I used it . I replaced it via online order with Amazon today with the same vacuum . I also have a Fantom that we paid just under 3x the price a few years ago , and though the Fantom is a great vacuum , it 's so heavy it became unusable for me . I have RA and fibromyalgia so the weight and ease of use of the vacuum determines if I can vacuum at all . For the price , this vacuum really does the job .
 Great vacuum for good price . Lightweight , powerful sucking power for small vacuum . Easy to empty , no bags . Not alot of attachments which I found nice because I usually only use one anyway . The base is not that wide so it takes more repetitions across the width of a room floor , but again the sucking power on this vacuum is better than almost all I 've seen .
 The Eureka is overall a good product for the price , but the vacuum does not glide as smoothly as I would like , it 's a tad bit heavy and it is a pain in the butt to change the nasty , dusty filters.Still a nice vacuum with good suction - I sucked up more dirt than I imagined existed in my home !
 I bought this vacuum after comparing a few different brands and what people had to say about them . I ended up choosing this one because it 's small , but still pretty powerful . This vacuum has the excellent ability to suck up anything ... especially cat hair -LRB- I have two kittens one long-hair and one short hair -RRB- . I also like the bagless feature , it makes it really easy to see what this vacuum sucks up . There are a few downsides though ... the cord is a little on the short side . I live in a one bedroom apartment so it 's not really a problem for me , but if you 're looking to buy this for a bigger house you might want to consider something else or get an extension cord to go along with this vacuum . Another thing that I dislike about this vacuum is that it 's pretty loud for a small vacuum . This thing can really make a lot of noise ! Despite the short cord and the amount of noise it makes I 'm still very pleased with this vacuum cleaner . I think the ability to pick up pet hair and anything else that might get in its way outweighs the shortcomings of this vacuum .
 I would give 4 stars if i could.It works fine , sucks like crazy!I must empty the dirt cup after each use andbang out the filter . There is no need to go crazycleaning the filter . It will be messy two secs after youturn it on again.The attachments work well . the only gripe i have is the attachmentsattach to the unit so low its very difficult to use them foranything at eye level or above . Ive tried putting the uniton a chair to raise it but this scares me as an accident waiting to happen but otherwise a fine purchase . And ive had it several months and it still works well .
 I buy at least 1 vacuum a year ! They never seem to last very long before they burn up or stop sucking dirt . Up bagless are the worst , but I thought I 'd try this one since it was only 39.99 . Surprise , this thing is great ! lots of suction , lightweight and easy to empty , the true test will be time though and its only been about a month , so far so good . I vacuum several times a week so it gets a good workout !
 I only gave it 4 stars because it is necessary to clean the filter after each use . The vacuum came with a spare filter so I finish the cleaning by rinsing the filter I used .
 This is our 3rd Optima - the first I gave to my daughter for her apartment after a year of use -LRB- she still has it 3 years later -RRB- and bought a new one , a slightly upgraded version with a power paw . I used that one for 2 years until the wheels fell off . -LRB- Could n't figure a way to get them back on -RRB- So purchase the original model again and am happy . We have 3 dogs and 4 cats and lots of hair . It does a great job . And so lightweight , I never hesitate to get it out even if I have only 5 minutes for a quick touch up . I even use it for the car . Great value for the money . I 've never spent more than $ 50 for one - with coupons and discounts , etc. .
 This lightweight vacuum with the big motor capacity is great for the elderly -LRB- me -RRB- or anyone who can not handle a heavy duty machine . It carries up and down stairs easily . It does an excellent job on the bare kitchen and bathroom floors and the low to medium carpets in my house . It works at its best if it is dumped and the filter brushed out after each use . Switching to the hose and brush for corners , shelves , etc. , is quick and easy . This product ca n't be beat for the nominal price . I bought this cleaner after using one in my son 's home so it was a well tested product before I actually purchased my own .
 This , when used with the Electrolux Power Paw -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- works better for getting the nastiest kitty hair out of my furniture . Last week , after using this vac diligently for at least 3 years , I decided it was worn out -LRB- wheels kept falling off & with new allergy diagnosis , decided to buy a new vac w / HEPA filter -RRB- . WELL , after trying out my new -LRB- considerably more expensive -RRB- vac on our furniture , I was less than impressed . Even with the new vac 's `` power paw '' wannabe -LRB- which WAS included in the purchase -RRB- , it does n't hold a candle to the Eureka Optima . Therefore , I 've decided to keep both vacs , only using the Ultima on our furniture . Yes , it works well enough to justify keeping it around the house.So , consider this vac if you have kitties . Here 's a link for the Power Paw that I HIGHLY recommend : Electrolux Home Care 62550A Power Paw Vacuum ToolAlthough it 's an Electrolux , it fits perfectly and I assure you , you wo n't be disappointed .
 After spending a fortune on vacuums over the past few years and trying every conceivable type of vacuum , I found this vacuum refurbished at another store for $ 44 . I have read all the other reviews and I just do n't agree . I LOVE this vacuum . It 's so light and narrow that it can get into the smallest spaces . I have laminate flooring with area rugs and while it 's true that there is blowback when you vacuum floors , I have not found that to prevent me from getting the floor clean anyway . Yes , it 's a fairly small chamber but I do n't mind emptying it after I vacuum because it amazes me to see how much it picks up . I pull this out before I pull out the bagless heavy Dyson I have -LRB- which always clogs -RRB- and before I pull out the Bissell vacuum with bags -LRB- HEAVY vacuum and hard to maneuver -RRB- -- the one CR recommended.You can spend a fortune on a vacuum if you want but I have found that they all work well for a about a year and then you start having problems . I 'd rather buy a lightweight cheap vacuum like this THAT WORKS and replace it in a year then spend a ton of money on something that does n't work or last .
 I do n't know how this mini-upright vac will be in the long run , but I 'm loving it now . Easy to put together -LRB- and take apart , in the event of a clog -RRB- , has excellent suction . Unlike earlier reviewers , I do n't find a loss of suction when the filter needs cleaning or the cup needs emptying , so maybe that 's been improved . Keeping in mind that this is an inexpensive model , there are few frills
 I owned an Oreck Hepa filter vacuum and this little $ 60.00 gizmo . With 5 cats in the house , I had to find a way to suck up cat fur and dust bunnies . Well let me tell you , this little guy is amazing.I have a cleaning lady and she did n't believe me -- one use and she became a believe and has recommended it to her clients as well . The vacuum is light , stylish and really works.For all of it 's downfalls -LRB- hair and dust getting caught around the filter at the top and the air that blows out the front -RRB- the vacuum is a gem.It is cheap enough that if it busts , I 'll replace it with the same thing.I love it ! It works great !
 I have a love/hate relationship with this vacuum . I bought it to replace a 35 yr old Eureka upright that I loved , but this one does have some pros and cons.Cons : Bagless-Call me old fashioned , but who wants to mess with loose , flying dirt while emptying a dirt cup?Filter clogs and needs frequent cleaningSmall -LRB- really small -RRB- dirt collecting canisterExhaust system is on front of unit , so it blows dirt around rather than picking it up on hard surfacesElectrical cord is short -LRB- 20 ft -RRB- Pros : Really , really great suctionLight weightInexpensiveOn board toolsUnit does n't tip over when using the stretch hoseTelescoping handleAfter over 1 year of constant use , it 's still working like the day I bought it.I would say that this unit 's best use is vacuuming small apts/homes or area rugs . If you 're looking to vacuum your big house with this , you 'll have to empty the dirt cup and clean the filter at least 2-3 times . If you need something to clean your bare floors , look elsewhere . I bought about 3 other cheap vacuums after my old Eureka died , and none of them had any suction power , so if you 're looking for powerful suction , and you 're willing to do a little extra work to get it , this vacuum will suit you just fine .
 This is the second little vacuum that I have bought in the past few years . The only reason I bought another one , is because I 'm afraid if I do n't get one now , they 'll stop making them . At least I 'll have a spare.I have three dogs and I need to buzz around the house a couple times a week for a quick clean - up . This vacuum does a great job of sucking up hair ... it actually pulls the hair away from the wall at quite a distance !!! It is also light as a feather and that helps my shoulder and my arm tremendously.I like that it is not too noisy and I can hear the doorbell or telephone ring in the background . I do n't have any carpet in my house , so I ca n't vouch for that ... . but for me , it 's a great little machine and I have recommended it to many elderly people because it is easy to handle and clean up is a breeze . It has made my life much easier and the price is excellent .
 I 've had my little Optima for three + years now , and I 'm as satisfied with it now -LRB- if not more so -RRB- than the day I pulled it out of the box . I 'm not sure that ANYONE will truly find that `` PERFECT '' vacuum cleaner , that combines quiet with great performance with no upkeep . Sure , I have to rinse off the filter -LRB- I 've got two , so I can just switch them out -RRB- . Sure , it 's noisy -LRB- did you expect a vacuum cleaner to be quiet ? -RRB- . But man , does this thing perform ! My mom gave me her Dyson after she had back surgery , and needed something more lightweight to use . The Dyson is fine for my carpeted areas , but this is the BEST for hardwood floors and tile . It sucks like nobody 's business . We have two cats -LRB- one longhair -RRB- and three rambunctious , messy boys ... and plenty of reasons to pull out our vacuum several times a week . This vacuum has never let us down . I truly ca n't say the same for the Dyson -- it 's so huge that it does n't get to the toe-kick under the kitchen cabinets ! Not to mention that it picks hardly anything up on hardwood . But the Optima is our go-to-guy 9 times out of 10 .
 When I bought this vacuum , I had just moved into my 1-bed apt was looking for something to clean carpet , tiles , and the wood floor of the living room.I like the fact that you can turn off the brush roll . . any other vacuum like that would have cost me $ 180 + . This was a bargain buy , and using it now , makes my well spent money very well worth it . I do n't have any pets , so would n't be able to help you with that , and the carpet only covers a 15 ` x15 ' room.I read the reviews on here before buying and many people complained about the air exhaust blows the dirt away , that does n't happen with me.I rated it one star down because of the length of the cord , and the annoyance of cleaning the filter.Good luck with your search
 I have 437axz version of this -LRB- got it from Costco -RRB- which adds hepa filter & motorized brushroll . I needed a light & powerful vacuum because I was tired of lugging around our very heavy hover windtunnel up & down our 3 story house.This does the job but here are the drawbacks :1 . Cord is a bit short at 20 ft , I wish it was 25 or 30 ft. 2 . The exhaust is in the front & center , which on hard floors blows dust out of the way as you vacuum -LRB- works fine on carpet -RRB- , it would have been nice to exhaust to the side .3 . This vacuum is not designed for very plush carpet , it 's hard to move on a plush rug I have , but works fine on regular carpet & berber.The best part about this vacuum is it 's very light and I do n't get tired of pushing it back & forth like used to with my heavy Hoover , also I like that the handle is height adjustable and it large loop handle is easy to grip and very egronomic . The motorized brushroll of the 437axz is great for stairs & the hepa is a nice added touch as well . Also the price is good , I think it was $ 68.99 at costco for the 437axz . I think the next step up for a light vacuum would be the $ 300 - $ 400 oreck xl .
 The only reason I did n't rate this little baby 5 stars , is because of the way the filter grabs hold of the lint and lighter fluffy stuff , which actually requires emptying more often than most bagless canisters . I much prefer vacuum bags , as then I do n't have to touch the dirt at all and would have given this cleaner a 10 star rating if it had bags instead of the bagless canister . I place the filter into a very large green garbage back and bang it against a hard surface but still have to actually brush stuff out of the filter , so yes ... if you have allergies this vacuum may not work for you . As far as the short hose and the exhaust blowing out the front ... not a real problem for me , as I do n't use the vacuum for anything but floors , and the vacuum does a great job on carpet , wood and tile and eventually does catch all the `` runaway '' dust bunnies ! The best part of this cleaner is why I 'm buying a second one - I have severe fibromyalgia , and this vacuum is not only the lightest weight I 've ever seen or used , it also does a bang-up job of getting into tight spaces and in and around furniture . I live in a two story town house and have 2 vacuum cleaners now , this one , and a Dirt Devil , but I am buying a second one of these to replace the Dirt Devil , which does use bags and is n't a bad sweeper , but not nearly as good as this one .
 This vacuum is the best one I have ever owned -LRB- 20 years of cleaning experience ! -RRB- I researched to find a good vacuum with good suction for the dust and dog hair that is everywhere in my home . I finally decided on this one although I was leary of the size and cheap price . Well !!! I have only had it for 3 days and I have vacuumed every day , I really like it ! Before my house was lucky if I vacuumed once every two weeks . It works great , easy to use and very small , but works so much better than my other full size uprights -LRB- which are now to the curb waiting for the garbage man -RRB- I am buying another one for my downstairs ! I highly reccommend this !
 WOW ! I got my vacuum last weekend , and I love it ! I was really afraid that the only good thing about this vacuum was going to be the price , but the power of the Eureka Optima is amazing ! AMAZIIIIINNNNNGGGG ! I was able to put it together in about five minutes with no tools and was happy to find an extra filter came in the box . The Optima is so light and cute , and the looped handle is very comfortable for pushing and pulling . The attachments are so easy to use and the suction power is not lost when using them . The best thing about this vacuum is the on/off switch , it 's right at the top and makes it very easy to go from carpet to bare floor.I was so surprised by this machine ... I actually saw the color of my carpet change while I was vacuuming -LRB- I know , it sounds gross , but it was n't like changing from brown to white ... more like beige to bright cream -RRB- . I had no idea all that dirt was just sitting there under my bare feet , and my old vacuum did n't pick up any of it ! I was able to do my whole apartment in one go -LRB- probably 90 % carpeted and about 700 square feet -RRB- , and I did n't have to empty the canister until I was finished . I have a cat , so I thought for sure I would have to empty the cup several times but no ! I even did my furniture , and it looked almost brand new afterwards , and not a shed of cat hair was left on it.My carpet looks better and even smells better now , and I owe it all to my lean , green , cleaning machine ! Thanks , Eureka!Buy it ! You wo n't be disappointed !!!
 I 've owned this vacuum about 6 months.If I had read the reviews about the filter needing to be cleaned frequently , I probably would n't have bought it.After using it , I would buy it again . It is very powerful . For the price -- it is worth it.I use it on carpet , thin and thick area rugs , sealed hardwood floors as well as a laminate floor.It has a switch that allows you to turn off the brushes , which is what I do as I transition from carpet to hard floor . It has n't scratched the hardwood or laminate floors.It has a hose -LRB- with two attachments - a brush and a corner attachment -RRB- When you need to do stairs or a small area , you just pull out the hose and flip a switch , and it switches the suction over to the hose . It is very powerful.pros
 We have the 431AXZ with the DCF-10 filter . Our son has one also in his apt . A lot of the reviews complain about the filter . The manual says it 's a washable filter - just take it outside and hose it off , let it dry , and re-install . If you do n't read the manual , you 'll end up banging the filter and trying to pick all the lint out.We 've had it almost 2 years now doing carpet in a 2100 sf home . No problems , always works well . Filters last over 6 months before needing replacement , and you can find the original DCF-10 in stock at Lowe 's for $ 10 . Walmart carries a wannabe paper filter replacement that ca n't be washed clean . Use the DCF-10 ! I 'm not a filter salesman , I 'm just here to tell you this machine works well , and if you follow the instructions , the filter is n't an issue .
 I just got this last week and I 'm really enjoying it so far . It cleans the carpets and manuvers well . I was a little worried when I tried to use the hose for the steps and there was no suction but with this vacuum , there is a mechanicsm to change from floor to hose . Once I found it and turned it to the correct setting I was good to go . It stores well and it is lightweight which is great for doing stairs . The cleaning path is not as wide as my old one nor the hose as long but I do like it but in is a lot better in a lot of other ways . Maybe not a good choice for someone with a large house but great for me ! It was a great deal for $ 55 delivered right to my door .
 I bought this vacumn based on many good reviews . It has lived up to it 's claim . It 's lighweight , picks up all the cat and dog hair on my rugvery quickly . I know longer dred haveing to vacumn anymore . The canister is no more cumbersome than traditional vacumns with bags . Once you throwout the dirt in the canister and clean it out a bit your off to the racesagain . This vacumn is a great product for the money . I would recommend it to anyone on a budget .
 This is a really good compact vacuum . It does n't take up much room , and the bagless canister allows for emptying every time you vacuum . My one gripe is that the filter is a PAIN to clean . The round handle makes carrying it up the stairs easy . Great for the price .
 I like this particular vacuum . I use it at work , where the small footprint and ability to `` shrink '' the handle down are particularly useful . It 's a great value for the money , but you should be aware that :1 . The filter clogs up fairly quickly , diminishing overall effectiveness .2 . If you use the hose -LRB- at least on mine -RRB- ofr an extended period , you wind up overheating the unit , and it takes a while for it to reset .
 Nice , light weight and not huge . Works efficiently .
 TOP-of-the-Line vacuum , small , lightweight and easy tohandle , with all the power of a much more expensive model .
 For the price , this is a great little vacuum . The handle adjusts up and down , and when you put it down to it 's shortest position , you can do the stairs very quickly , going side to side . This vacuum is very powerful , and when using the attachments this is especially apparent . Great for cleaning cars with hose attachment . Works on hard surface floors , when you turn off the spinning brushes . We have cats and dogs , and lots of hair , hard wood and tile floors and I have found that instead of sweeping everywhere , I an just vacuum now , quickly , and use the attachment easily to get into corners into small places . Works great on carpets too.My only complaint - the dust accumulates towards the top of the canister , so it has to be emptied more often than it should if the dust/lint/hair would just drop into the canister . It all sort of `` cakes '' around the top . I would still buy it again . Very easy to empty canister , just push a button , it pops out , and then just dump it out .
 I needed something that was versatile , good for bare floors and carpet as well , for my small apartment . It had to be lightweight and easy to use . The Eureka Optima Lightweight saved the day . It 's also very cute . I 'm used to a larger filter , on a larger vacuum , so I 've had to get used to cleaning the filter more frequently , after each use , but it has n't been a problem . I do n't think this would work for a large space but for a small apartment its just perfect . I read all the reviews before purchasing and I have not had any of the problems noted by others .
 The vacuum is great . It was easy to put together and for the price , it was a great value . The only think I did n't like was the amount of noise it makes when it 's on . I live in a small apt . so you can hear it so much more . But other then that , it cleans good and is compact .
 Works great . A bit loud but does the job and is visually appealing . I use it every week .
 I gave this as a gift and my aunt raves about how easy it is to use and how helpful it is for her housework
 My wife and I have been married for 30 years and have had more than a few vacuum cleaners . The Eureka Optima 431 is by FAR the best one we have ever had . This unit cleans well and is easy to use . We really like the filter/canister design as opposed to the bag designs . We will be buying a second one to replace an Oreck.Our unit is about 5 years old and just recently the wheel broke . It is still usable -LRB- the wheel falls off sometimes -RRB- and it may even be repairable -LRB- I 've got some ideas ... -RRB- . Considering that you can buy the unit on Amazon for under $ 60 , there is n't a better price vs performance unit on the market .
 I bought this vacuum to replace a full size vacuum . I never thought it would work so well ! I have all hardwood floors and 3 dogs , so obviously its important to have a great vacuum to get all the dog hair , and this one works perfectly ! Its lightweight , and smaller than I expected , but in my opinion , it is every bit the vacuum that a full size one is . The only complaints I have , is the cord is rather short . I definately would purchase another one !
 This vacuum gives you the best bang for your buck . I 've tried many uprights , some twice or three times as expensive as this one , and have never had such a great machine . For a small one bedroom apartment and someone on a budget it works amazing . It has very strong suction compared to other vacuums I 've tried and is able to pick up anything , including pet hair.I agree with other customers that on hardwood floors this vacuum does not work well unless you use the nozzle . It blows dirt and dust away from the machine . I do n't vacuum hard floors often , I prefer to sweep/swiffer then mop , so this is not an issue for me.Another disadvantage is that it is extremely loud , but I would rather have a vacuum that is effective than one that is quiet.This vacuum is a great vacuum for stairs and for quick jobs . It 's extremely light and easy to navigate . Also , the hose/floor feature allows the hose to have strong suction , unlike the -LRB- under $ 200 -RRB- bissel and dirt devil uprights that I have tried before .
 I love this vacuum . When I moved across the country recently , I left mine with my roommate , and promptly bought a new one for my new apartment . In my experience , you can not get a better vacuum near this price point . Although it is small , it really is a full vacuum , and not just a dinky oversize `` dust buster '' or handheld with wheels.I would probably not own this if I had a whole house or several rooms to clean , but it 's great for a 1-2 apartment or condo . I do not think it is louder than other vacuums . The filter does require semi-frequent cleanings , but this is not hard to do . You can either hose it out with water and let it dry -LRB- you can do this many times without replacing it -RRB- , or you can scrape it out with a small brush or even a toothpick . It is true it can be a little tricky on hard floors , as it tends to blow stuff out of the way , but with a little effort you get the hang of maneuvering it right so that it does n't happen.Really I 've had no problems with this vacuum , it 's awesome for small spaces , and I 'd buy it a third time if necessary .
 This is my third purchase of this little Eureka Vac . I purchased a second one for our lake house and my third vac was purchased to replace the very first one purchased several years ago , as I literally ran it 'til the wheels came off ! And that 's a good thing ! The price is so reasonable you can afford to own multiple and/or replace after years of use ! I have 5 cats , hardwood floors and berber carpeting , so I require constant use of a vacuum . This little Eureka Optima is wonderfully lightweight , easy to manuever around chairs and furniture , up and down stairs , and it is incredibly powerful . It provides awesome versatility for quick cleaning every surface at every level . You can vacuum the hardwoods , flip the power switch in a millisecond to rugs , quickly flip the dial to `` hose '' and vacuum dust a shelf with the handy onboard brush or the crevice tools . Simply by pushing the `` cup release '' button it 's easy to remove the dust filter and brush it off whenever necessary . Highly recommended product !
 O.K. , When purchasing this , which I did over a year ago and comparing its effectiveness then to its effectiveness now , I had to give it a 5 star rating . First of all , I picked mine up for $ 60 bucks . For a $ 60 vacuum I 'm pleased with the 12amps of power . I have never had a problem with this powering on or overheating in the year that I have used it . It 's been used for my whole house , upstairs and down twice a week . The key here is to empty the dirt cup often and the filter . I have not had to buy one replacement filter . Mine came with 2 durable ones and they can be washed and reused . I clean the loose dirt and dust from the filter once between the upstairs and down . I used a hand tool on another vacuum to really get it dust free . Keeping the filter clean is key to maintaining strong suction and I think this little $ 60 cheapee does a great job . I use it on my hardwoods too . There 's a switch to turn the beater bar off . It can be a small annoyance with the exhaust in the front , some small crumbs can be blown out of the way ... but the price weighed against the features , versatility and effectiveness of this little machine make it more than worthwhile . Geez , it 's not a $ 500 Dyson -LRB- which I also bought but returned ! Dyson designed by a man , heavy and awkward , built for a man to lug , but way too heavy for me , it was n't worth the coronary now matter how well it sucked ! -RRB- If you do n't vacuum you house but once every 2 months than yes , you can expect this one to clog and overheat !!!! The hose feature is great . You turn another knob to concentrate all the suction on the hose . Reliability , cost effective and easy to maneuver . This one is an A + . I have one upstairs and now bought one for down !
 the Eureka 431BXZ Optima lightweight Upright Vacuum although small in size is a powerful little wonder . . With the bagless filter that really filters the dirt and dust particle and the storage area for vacuumed item , this little puppy works beyond my expectations . So it does n't have a ball , and you have to move it a little to get to the corners , heck when you save $ 200 what is a little moving around . It works and that is the bottom line ...
 I like the color that goes along with our office decoration and logo colors . Its not so loud and light weight . Long extension cord for easy moving around . I dont like how you have to step on it to change the direction of the vacuum . but otherwise , worth it
 good product for the money , got this item in 3 days , the only thing thats bad about this vacuum is that the wheels are too small , its kinda heavy to push around in thick carpet .
 The vacuum works very well especially for the money it costs . Lightweight and easy to use attachments .
 Having been a Hoover-ite my whole life , I recently bought a Eureka 431BXZ when my old Hoover began to suck -LRB- or not suck , really -RRB- . I researched many different types of vacuums -LRB- to bag or not to bag , upright or not , etc. -RRB- and decided on this model after reading a number of reviews on the product that were positive , if not glowing . For its price , it does a remarkable job . I have four constantly shedding pets and some bright green carpet that shows everything and this number easily took care of it all . I do have to empty out the canister a couple of times if I 'm vacuuming the whole house , but see my pet conundrum above . It 's very lightweight , easy to maneuver and was assembled in under five minutes -LRB- and that was without instructions , so imagine how easy it is if you read them -RRB- . Aesthetically speaking , it 's fun . After all , it 's green and glittery.Overall , I think this Eureka does a fantastic job and I ask a lot of it .
 This vacuum is easy to assemble , easy to maneuver and powerful enough to pick up most the dust and debris off hardwood floor and carpet . The dust cup may be a little small for a multi-storey home , but it is reasonable for an apartment .
 Lots of power for such a little vacuum . I picks up dirt and more dirt . I never knew how much dirt was in carpet until I got this Mean Green Vacuum . THe color is great too .
 So far so good . I have wood floors , with a couple large rugs and this little cutie cleans everything up nice . I love the attachments - not too many but just enough to do my stairs and window sills . It 's super light and does n't take up much room . Great for me !
 I purchased this item as a door prize for a tea party bridal shower . It arrived just a pictured and is really beautiful . Great quality for the price .
 I happened across one of these in a kitchen gadget shop a couple of years ago and love it ! It is the best invention ever to get off twist caps from beer and wine coolers without tearing up your hands or having to use a towel . My macho husband even liked it . In fact it was n't until this year when I was buying some as gifts that I realized it doubles as a bottle stopper ... now it 's even more awesome ! Buy more than one , you will wish you had !
 This stopper is the best . It seals the wine bottle tightly and never drips . It is one piece so there is nothing to break . It is easy for arthrtic hands to manipulate . The problem is people like these so much they tend to be carried off .
 I love these openers . I have had one for years and my girlfiend liked mine so much I bought her one .
 I absolutely love this stocking !!! The designer Patience Brewster does an amazing job with her designs . I have purchased several others and highly recommend them to everyone .
 I have to admit after buying these OXO Good Grips Steel edition , I will never go back . The ergonomic design , the practicality of it and the high quality steel used to make these makes the whole product line well worth investing.As any cook can tell you , spend as much as you can afford and you 'll see your tools last you a lifetime . This is so true for the OXO Steel line .
 This Oxo spoon is practical as well as pretty , plus it 's ergonomic . I loved it so much , I ordered an Oxo slotted spoon , kitchen fork and spatula . Hope to get the entire collection soon !
 Nice balance . Feels substantial but not heavy . Easy to clean in the dishwasher . Can handle heavy stirring , etc. . What more can you ask of a spoon ? : -RRB-
 What a way to shop for a wedding gift when you live in a rural area . The gift was going to Seattle WA and Amazon came through with flying colors . Arrived wrapped with gift tag and the young couple were pleased to add this to their china .
 Item arrived just as described . No problems at all . Very nice transaction .
 We recently moved to Kentucky and left all our things in storage in California.Our oldest daughter suggested we shop online at amazon.com for neat things for the kitchen.She ordered us an OXO stainless steel swivel peeler and paring knife set.It came in very handy because we had planted 100 pounds of potatoes.We used both the peeler and the paring knife canning 400 quart jars of potatoes without even a blister . I would recomend this product to any one having a large garden like us or just for every day use.We will be ordering onother set before next fall so every one can help !!
 OXO SteeL Cheese PlaneThe OXO SteeL cheese slicer has a nice stainless steel blade and an attractive brushed steel section running down the middle . The rubber handle grips give it a nice feel in your hand , similar to the slicer from AnolonAnolon Cheese Slicer . Both handles are made from a solid piece of stainless steel with a rubber grip around the handle for a more solid feel.I also own the Pedrini cheese slicerPedrini Black & Satin Stainless Steel Cheese Slicer . That one has a handle that is made out of black plastic . Unlike the OXO and Anolon slicers which are both $ 10 , the Pedrini is $ 7 , making it a nicer value.The actual head on this guy is not as wide as the Anolon or Pedrini slicers , but only by a little bit . It 's still big enough to almost cut from a standard cheddar block . Still , I like to cut at an angle to get slivers of cheese instead , so this one is no problem for me.I do n't know why these planes are so difficult to find in stores . For some reason , they mostly sell those wire cheese slicers which just do n't seem sturdy enough for thick cheese and are also harder to clean.This is a great slicer . If you want a solid handle and do n't mind a more narrow blade , this is the way to go . If you do n't mind the plastic handle and want to save a few bucks , give the Pedrini a look.Enjoy !
 As a kid , I would eat bagles toasted with melted cheddar on top every morning . I had a great cheese slicer with a thin , round , wooden handle and loved it . Stocking my own kitchen , I wanted to get a cheese slicer that was as enjoyable to use . Some slicers can be annoyingly dull , slice in a way that leaves cheese stuck to the slicer , slice unevenly , slice too thin/thick , or be uncomfortable to work with for long endeavors . This slicer has none of these problems.The handle is designed well . It feels very comfortable , sturdy and looks great ! I liked my old wooden handle slicer , but this dishwaser safe one is better . I can make it through a pound of cheese very quickly , producing uniform slices . Some people might like slices that are thin enough to be slighly translucent , but I prefer the slices you get with this . of course , you can use it to peel things too . It 's sharp enough to hangle mangos , but will take off a thicker layer from apples/potatoes/etc . than a good peeler.The slicer 's only con is a narrowish slicing blade . The old slicer i had was almost wide enough for a land-o-lakes -LRB- pretty standard -RRB- size pound of cheese . This slicer will have room to spare with the more square shaped pound of cracker barrel cheese , but not much .
 I have been using cheese planes for years . My previous plane was getting dull , and would often crumble the cheese instead of slicing it . This one slices cleanly every time , even with softer cheeses .
 This is a good purchase , if you just want a cheese slicer for every day use . It does a very quick and easy job of slicing all hard cheeses . It also worked on soft cheese , a lot better than I thought it would . It 's not going to cut every slice in a uniform way , but if you are not catering a party , it is going to make you life easier .
 I just love this cheese slicer . It produces very thin clean cut slices of cheese and is really easy to clean . I do not put it in the dish washer .
 This is a very pretty Baroque style Magic Blind . It makes it very easy to have blinds using a regular curtain rod .
 The magic blinds are the best since sweetbread . They are fast and easy to hang and prevent sun rays on my couch .
 I love my magic blinds . I ordered 2 . They were shipped seperately for this order ... one was broken at the top , but it still works . I opted not to send it back but to keep it anyway.This is my 2nd set of magic blinds and they are just great !!
 I received this slotted spoon , and its partner , the non-slotted OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Spoon spoon for Christmas last year , and it has sparked a search for all the kitchen utensils and tools in this fine series . After a year of daily use , the brushed stainless steel finish is as good looking today as it was the day I received them . The handles remain firmly attached to the spoon , which has not been my experience with other brands , which have tended to loosen . The stay cool rubber makes the spoons easy to grip , and they are so pretty , they have made it from the kitchen to the table as serving spoons for informal family dinners.Stainless steel utensils are not for use on coated cooking surfaces , so only give these to serious cooks who would use professional anodized , all stainless steel or all copper pots and pans .
 Sleek look and comfortable design . Comes out clean from dishwasher with ease . We love this line .
 I have been using these Utensils for about 5 years now and I love them.They always staying looking like new . They are great to have in your kitchen that is why I buy them for all new brides .
 After 25 years decided it was time to update our Mikassa dinnerware ... we went from Wheat TO White !! Love the quality ... pretty white ... nice and sturdy . Classic ... good deal too . You can always find pieces !!
 I definitely use this piece as an adjunct to the great Mikasa set . It is finely made , holds a good amount , and looks good on the table . I am thinking of getting a second one soon .
 I wanted this to go with the rest of my Mikasa Antique White dishes . It is really too shallow for serving anything with liquid in it . I wish it were deeper and held a little more . The only time we really use serving dishes at our house is for large gatherings - that 's why I think it is too small . It is very pretty and good quality like the rest of this set . That is why I gave it 4 stars .
 This product was exactly what I expected . This pattern is very elegant and formal . The butter dish is a neat shape , I would recommend this pattern to anyone who is looking for their formal china pattern .
 Ordered for a wedding shower , it came quickly and was perfect . It was just what the bride asked for . It was easy to order and the price was right .
 This is not a high tech device by any stretch of the imagination . It is a hammer designed to flatten and tenderize meat . It has a very comfortable handle , is nicely balanced and has your choice of two surfaces - one textured and one flat . Bang away at your choice of boneless meat -LRB- veal , chicken , beef , etc -RRB- and it will become thinner , more uniform and quite often - more tender . Once the meat has been flattened it will cook faster , and given the uniformity , it will cook more evenly too.The only other review -LRB- as I write this one -RRB- claims this hammer is not dishwasher safe . The manufacturer says it IS dishwasher safe and offers a lifetime warranty to back that up . This tenderizer DOES have a non-stick coating but I 've never put mine in a dishwasher so I really ca n't comment on this . A quick rinse under the kitchen faucet seemed more than adequate to me . In most cases , you would either put a film of saran wrap or wax paper over the meat or simply put the meat in a plastic bag prior to banging away . You do n't want juices flying around the kitchen ! I just ca n't see how this hammer would ever require any serious cleaning!A meat hammer is a meat hammer -LRB- aka - tenderizer -RRB- and I 'm hard pressed to criticize this one . It works and it works quite well . It has a comfortable handle , is nicely balanced and has a choice of two different surfaces . Meats cook faster and more evenly with a few blows and end up more tender , too . What 's not to like?Highly Recommended
 This spatula is an addition to oxo 's steel line with the stainless steel/rubber handles . It is a great product and a worthy addition to their steel line , I just find the head of the spatula to be a bit oversized . But even with that , it has been very sturdy , and I would still reccommend it .
 I bought the single serving Mikasa set as a ` trial ' to see if I wanted to purchase the entire 8 serving set for holiday dining without having to committ myself to a huge expenditure . I bought this coffee mug as an add on because I drink coffee every morning and wanted to try out a 9oz . glass as I am frequently annoyed by the enormity of the current sizes of dinnerware.This cup is awsome ! I use it every morning and regret the mornings I have to leave for work and use a travel mug !! As a side note , I have a 3 yr old and a 1 yr old and while I find I have to watch them around the dishes a lot . Well , one time I was n't home my husband told me my 1 yr old threw one of the plates onto the floor and it did n't break/chip or anything so ... although it was n't the coffee mug , the plates hold up fine!I highly recommend this cup , it is elegant and comfortable in my hand . : -RRB-
 A perfect match for my morning coffee ! The cups are tall so I can fill them with more coffee than my smaller cups . They are tall , so the coffee keeps warmer , longer . They are pretty , which makes the whole experience of drinking from them pleasant . A great product !!
 This antique white is so attractive on any table . When I place my plates on different color place mats or table cloths these mugs and dishes make the whole table POP ! It 's amazing how a simple pattern can compliment any color scheme even your food looks attractive . Bon appetite !
 I ordered four of these mugs to go with my antique white china , as it was cheaper to buy them from Amazon with free shipping , than to buy a set of 4 from another merchant and have to pay shipping . The mugs just arrived , so the review is more about Amazon 's service than the product . When the mugs arrived , they were for the wrong Mikasa pattern . I went online to the website , clicked on my order , clicked on the item to be returned , and entered the reason for the return . I then printed out the return authorization and prepaid mailing label , and the package was ready to be dropped off at the post office . The replacement items were shipped the next day , before I had even taken the returns to the post office , and arrived 4 days later . I gave Amazon 4 out of 5 stars because of the original error , but they really did make the replacement process pretty painless . Good customer service .
 I purchased this set of Mikasa Antique White dishes from Amazon . They are beautiful ! I use them as everyday dishes , replacing them for a set of Correlle dishes I was using . I could n't be happier . They hold up well . They do not chip and can get banged around . They are much more elegant than the Correlle . The price could n't be beat , as I purchased them from Amazon 's 4 for 3 promotion . Because of this promotion , I was able to purchase the whole set . I am so glad that I did !! These mugs are perfect ! They hold a lot , yet they are not too heavy and are so comfortable to hold . I love them !!
 This may well be the perfect fork . I like the OXO series of cutlery , and this is no exception . This fork is very well balanced and has a wonderful handle that is secure and resists slippage.The fork itself is made of stainless steel , and is dishwasher safe ; a huge benefit not found on some high end cutlery today . The handle is in line with the other contemporary OXO utensils , with a stainless handle for superior durability and strength , but with rubberized fins on the sides to provide you with excellent grip , which is especially important on a fork of this size that can be counted upon to lift things like heavy roasts , etc. . Another excellent feature is the barbed tines , which help prevent heavy items from falling from the fork during lifting.There may be a greater fork somewhere , but I have n't found it yet . For all your forking needs , this gets a big thumbs up !
 I almost bought a Good Grips meat fork with a rubber handle until I saw this one . I love Good Grips kitchen tools , and have come to depend on the brand when I 'm looking for a nice , solid , reasonably priced kitchen tool . However , in the past , my one complaint has been that when I store utensils in a crock next to the stove , those non-slip handles that I love stick together , and it becomes impossible to grab just one tool - you wind up pulling out 6 . This handle fixes that problem . It still has the nice , comfortable handle with rubber on either side for grip , but the stainless steel is much easier to grab quickly out of the crock . I 'll definately be looking for more tools with this handle . The fork itself is nice and sturdy , a good size , and handles well . I would reccommend this product .
 I really like this fork . Very stylish & works great . My husband used it for BQ .
 Oxo Steel ForkI was looking for a quality fork for lifting heavier meat cuts without having the meat item falling off the fork and I 've found the best solution for my needs . With curved prongs and tips notched like fishing hooks , this 13-1/2 - inch fork gets a solid grip on roasts , poultry , and big vegetables like baked potatoes . It easily lifts a corned beef , for instance , from pot to carving surface and holds it down firmly for careful slicing . Rather than being straight-sided , this tool 's handle is tapered from heel to finger grip and has satin-finish , stainless-steel panels top and bottom . The handle 's sides feature the same design as those in the Good Grips line , which are made of soft processed rubber for comfort , with `` fins , '' or grooves , that flex under pressure , conforming to individual finger grips and providing control when the handles are wet or slippery.Some of the product features are : * Use to skewer and lift roasts , poultry , and vegetables * Use also with knife as carving tool * Tapered handle with soft , nonslip sides * Safe to use in dishwasher * Comes with a lifetime warranty against defects * The steel construction will not bend easily when in use.The tapered handle with the soft non-slip sides is great feature if you have a smaller hands , as you can control the fork much easier . The barbed tips prevent slipping of the meat or vegetables . Use the OXO Steel Fork to retrieve and secure hot foods , or for hands-free serving . Both elegant and comfortable , the OXO Steel line of kitchen and household tools feature brushed stainless steel handles for strength and durability and trademark flexible fins for ultimate comfort . I use the OXO Steel Fork for piercing potatoes , transferring a pot roast from pan to platter , and securing meat during slicing , great for transferring a turkey on Thanksgiving Day or that Christmas ham for carving . Also , those sweet potatoes can be handled far easier with this fork than any other that I 've used in the past due to the barbed fish hook tips . Once you have your sweet potato where you want it then with a simple pressure from a pot holder or your knife , your potato is removed from the forkIt seems that the uses for this fork are as many as your imagination can come up with and it does n't fail . It is very well-constructed not too heavy , but very versitile and handy in your hand . I enjoy the dishwasher safe as there are times that I generate many different pots and pans and items that I can get a head start on by popping them into the dishwasher.I loved this fork so much I bought a second one just to help out with the holiday cooking and not only I , but whomever is cooking with me , can enjoy the same convenience , stability , and gripping power . Also , I use both forks for the bigger , bulkier meat cuts with confidence . The fork is long enough that when you fry chicken in the skillet you do n't get the oil splatter on your hands and forearm.This is an item that you 'll want in your kitchen for the reason I 've described . The fork is a bit more expensive , but the quality of this fork makes up the difference . I use it to get items off of the BBQ grill surface without fail . This is a very useful item.An epicurean Bon Appetite
 I purchased this fork along with the spoon with holes , the spoon without holes as well as the spatula . All are of exceptional quality . They are made strong and sturdy and happen to be very good looking . They wash extremely well and fill safe and sturdy in my hands . I highly recommend this line of cooking utensils .
 The fork does what it should ; firmly holds the item being sliced . It looks good , handles nicely and I 'm very pleased with the solid feel . I 've only one warning for multitaskers - do n't leave the fork standing in the roast you were slicing and walk away to do something else . The fork and roast will be on the floor in a jiffy . Though nicely balanced , the handle is long and weighty . This is reasonably priced and a good choice for secure slicing .
 i have many utensils from this line , and just like the rest , this piece work beautifully . my only advise is do n't wait for food to get stuck before washing , instead giving it a rinse as soon as your done with it , as food tends to stick really well to it , requiring a soak later . there is also a real nice looking stainless bucket for these to set on your counter top for around $ 20 , and the bottom -LRB- oxo plastic -RRB- comes off for easy cleaning . i love my set !
 The OXO kitchen fork is a sturdy , well shaped product . I purchased it to replace a 60 + year old one that belonged to my mother , finally finding one that fit my needs . Yes , any fork will do in a pinch , but I like the shape of this one . The `` barbs '' on the tines make for a good solid hold on a chunk of meat , so the user does n't need to worry as much about the meat dropping back into the hot cooking liquid , like I 've had happen numerous times over the years . I like the fact that I can pop it into the dishwasher , unlike the old wooden handled one .
 This product is for anyone who likes to cook . it has a big handle -LRB- perfect of my hand -RRB- . The only thing is that the skewer fork is a little smaller than I expected .
 I was surprised to find that these carving forks are impossible to find for sale on their own . I have a carving knife I love but wanted the fork , but the only ones for sale locally were sold as a set with a carving knife.This is a good carving fork , and holds roasts securely . As everyone has mentioned , dishwasher safe is a big plus .
 Good quality from OXO that you 've come to expect . The slight curve on the tongs helps grip the food and avoid running into the blade .
 The Oxo branded goods are all excellent - possess many if not all now ! This large fork with good grip handle and spiky prongs is ideal for bbq use or just turning food over whilst cooking in the kitchen . Perfect addition to my kitchen equipment.OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Barbecue Fork
 I like the whole SteeL series of utensils and this pork fits nicely with the bunch . It 's comfortable to hold , easy to clean in the dish washer and does its job quietly and without fuss just like the rest of the tools in the series . Ca n't go wrong .
 I like that it has a cushioned handle . I do n't like that my husband keeps stealing it and leaving it on the shelf under the grill outside .
 Stainless steel strong . The fork tips are sharp . Stabs and holds food safely away from your hands while you carve away . No limp wimpy handle . Puts you safely in control .
 The steel fork works perfectly well for maneuvering around a big chunk of meat . Our roast cutting became much more elegant .
 This was a gift ... but I own the same one and have been very pleased ... excellent quality , good looking and feels nice in your hand .
 Like the majority of Oxo products , this one is sleek , nice in the hand -LRB- good weight heft -RRB- , and works as expected . We own a lot of Oxo products and this one does not disappoint . Works great !
 Purchased along with 8 inch Oxo slicing knife as a carving set . Works well , comfortable to hold and serve with .
 We really like our mikasa platinum crown set which is not complete without the salt and pepper shakers : -RRB-
 I 'm just replacing one of the 2 . Someone -LRB- me ? -RRB- broke our salt shaker and I want to keep the pair . they 're lovely .
 They may be small , but good things come in small packages . The shipping was in a timely manner and I would trade 400 dollar store junkey things to have something so wonderful on my table.The Bride is thrilled with the salt and pepper shakers . WAIT UNTIL SHE SEES THE MATCHING 45 PIECE DINNERWARE SET !!
 I like the butter dish as it matches our other Antique White dishware . My only complaint is that the base is very wide - fortunately it fit in our refrigerator 's compartment but I imagine that on many refrigerators it will be too wide .
 Ordered this butter dish as the one I had got dropped . New dish was an exact replacement as is exactly as described . Thanks , prompt shipping too .
 I love this Mikasa set , and the covered butter dish is the right size to allow either size of butter stick to fit .
 It is kind of a large design for it 's actual use . I bought it because it matched the set of dishes .
 We have almost all the Mikasa Antique White pieces and love them all . This is a very pretty and durable butter dish .
 This is just what I ordered . It was hard to find , but you had it .
 My spouse is in culinary school , so we go through a lot of different kitchen implements . When it comes to spatulas , this is our mutual favorite . Due to the placement of the spine of the spatula , it is very sturdy - much studier than spatulas which place the spine at the edge of the spatula . Although we 've since bought extras , our first one - purchased back in 2006 - is still going strong . It 's not stained or warped or otherwise damaged .
 I like any tool that keeps me from having to make another tool dirty . I can use this to mix what I 'm going to cook and then use it to stir it as I cook it.I commonly use my food processor to chop vegetables or herbs . Then I use this spatula -LRB- or the similar one with the straight blade -RRB- to scrape everything out of the food processor bowl . Then I use the same spatula to stir the ingredients in the skillet or pan . I have accidentally left this spatula in a kettle of stew for over 5 minutes . Other plastic spatulas would have melted -LRB- I know from experience -RRB- . The OXO was not affected.The spoon shape and larger-than-normal size of this spatula make it excellent for folding beaten egg whites.As with -LRB- almost -RRB- all OXO tools I love the grippy handles and ergonomic feel .
 This is a great kitchen tool ... didnt know how helpful it would be until i got it . That it isnt metal and is heat safe to 400 degrees is wonderful ! -LRB- there are some rated to higher temps , but for me this one has worked out great -RRB- It is comfortable to use and easy to clean . Even when i have left it in a pan of scambled eggs and not cleaned it or a good while , i dont have to soak it to get any remaining * residue * off . . I have found the one with one rounded and one straight edge a bit better for * scraping * the sides of pans and bowls but that might just be apersonal preference as i have both . if i only had one i think i would get this one because it is better for mixing and almost as good for stirring hot pots.a great value for the price .
 This is a very versital spatula . I bought the spatula for the handle . The flexible rubber fins on the steel handle create a very comfortable feel and will NOT transport heat up the handle . The oversized grips create a very `` ergonomic '' feel and fits my hands without having to tightly grip the handle.The spoon head is very flexible and yet sturdy . It can be used to stir the stiffist pancake mix and yet still clean the side of the bowl smooth . It can also go from normal room temperatures to stirring the soup , sauce or chili without fear of the blade melting or leaving `` that plastic taste '' in the pot.A great product with flexible uses and a staple in my kitchen .
 The ultimate spatula . I have ordered several in this series , but this is the first that I have used . It is great . Even for non coated pots/pans , this utensil can get down to the fire and come out like new . A very impressive tool . It follows the contour of your pan without trying to scrape through to the burner , and makes it to the dishwasher unscathed . There are a few things that a steel spatula are needed for , but this gem will handle the rest of the tasks , while keeping all of your cookware looking like new .
 We love this spatula , does exactly what it should and cleans up beautifully . Seems to be very well made , as well .
 I bought this to replace the exact same spatula that I already had . I accidentally got mine nasty one day and could n't use it for food anymore . It is the most awesome spatula I have ever used and I LOVE being able to use it in my cast iron and not have to worry about it melting !!
 I just received the small craftainer today and I am already in love with it . There is so much space in this `` small '' craftainer that I ca n't imagine what additional space is given with the large.The side pockets are large and deep which is perfect for die cutters , sticker packs , punches , tools , etc. . They 're easy to access and there 's plenty of room for all those `` extra '' supplies . Additionally , the mesh pockets make it really easy to organize all of those extras.On the inside I have my current albums , an embellishment binder -LRB- also a craftainer -RRB- , and my paper organizer -LRB- not a craftainer -RRB- and there 's still plenty of room to add more albums or organizers . The plus is that the front zippers run the entire height of the craftainer so it 's easy to get in and grab what you need.On the go , this is perfect . It 's already gone to a scrapbooking class with me and the pull up handle was great for navigating my bag around the store 's isles . It could be a bit taller -LRB- I 'm 6 ' tall -RRB- but it 's not a huge deal at all . The other great thing is with everything I have already packed into this craftainer , the weight did not make it tip while on the move ... wonderful!The carrying handles on the side are strong and sturdy which is great because the craftainer alone is heavy but then you add the weight of albums and organizers and it 's worse . But this will hold up!I have not tried any other organizers for my scrapbooking accessories and with the craftainer , I wo n't have to . I love this thing !
 I bought this for my mom for Christmas because she has gotten into cardmaking and stamping . I also bought her the paper organizer that matches and it fits inside easily . This is the smaller organizer from Rubbermaid and it was plenty big enough , so the large one must be just huge . It seemed very well made and I loved the color . I think it works well for carrying large things like stamp collections , scrapbooks , etc. , but the side pockets were great for the little things too . Overall , I was extremely pleased with the purchase and plan to ask for one myself for my birthday !
 This Craftainer is amazingly huge ! There are so many places to store items , I do n't know what to do with them all . My old box was filled to the brim , but with this Craftainer , I have room for everything and much more . The pockets on each side unzip from top-to-bottom so that you can find what you 're looking for easily . There are multiple mesh pockets in both side pockets , as well as inside the main compartment . The front of the container unzips from top-to-bottom so that it opens up fully . The lid to the container is attached on the rear side , but it is able to open/flip back pretty well . The interior of the lid has a line of elastic loops across it for storage of scissors/markers/etc . It has two strong handles on the sides of it so that you can carry it up the stairs more easily -LRB- some other containers I saw do n't have that capability -RRB- . It has two wheels towards the rear of the box and two stoppers -LRB- not sure what you call them -RRB- towards the front . When the handle is fully extended , it measures approximately 35 inches -LRB- from the floor to the top of the handle -RRB- . This is a super sturdy Rubbermaid container and I absolutely love it.I had been looking for a great roller craft box for a long time . I had previously been using an old office max cardboard storage box and it was tearing apart . All of my scrap-booking items were getting way too heavy to carry everywhere and the handles could n't hold up to the job . It was time for a real container . I had searched and read reviews everywhere . Containers this big that seemed sturdy enough were tons more expensive ; less expensive ones were either too small , flimsy , or had major design flaws . Once I found this container , it was already out-of-stock . I had made up my mind to wait for it and I 'm glad I did .
 This craft trolley says small , but it is NOT small . It is just as big as the other ones on the market . It fits SO much inside , that I can use it all the time ! I love it , and I love that it is not black , most other on the market are black , nice color scheme . One of the front feet has come loose , and that is not good , but my hubby fixed it ... LOVE THIS CRAFT TROLLEY !! Thanks Rubbermaid for making a competitive , item for us to choose from ! Better price too !
 I have larger commercial , all stainless steel whisks , but this smaller size with very comfy grips is always used . Is strong enough to get most jobs done .
 Good rubber handle with excellent weight . A good whisk has a good handle weight to allow it to pivot close to the hand/wrist allowing for a whipping motion to aerate whatever you are whisking . Cheap whisks have hollow metal handles that lack this heaviness.Rubber on the handle also gives great grip when whisking heavier things such as eggs or heavy cream . Have n't been disappointed with OXO yet .
 I needed this small whisk for beating an egg for a cookie recipe . It worked great ! Small enough to let stand in small bowl to beat when needed without tipping the bowl over . Weight is just right and the grip was comfortablel
 as the name , it has a good grip and its size is proper to usei recommed you ! you may satisfied !
 I purchased two sizes of these to replace another brand that did not hold up for us . These are great , with a nice handle and solid feel .
 I love the handles on these guys . I got two sizes and they are just the ticket for making sauces , pudding and such . Your hands wo n't cramp while using them , nor will the whisks slip out of your hand .
 I actually ordered this whisk because the first one I bought is always in the dishwasher . This is the whisk I grab for everything , gravy , batter , marinades , eggs , etc. . I have a larger whisk that also works well but just does n't fit the hand as well . With the shape of the handle and rubber texture this whisk has the perfect feel for every meal use . I will probably end up buying a third as these two I now own will always be in the dishwasher .
 OXO is the best in everything they make . Can not go wrong . It is great for my arthritic fingers . Makes all tasks painless .
 I have kept this whisk regardless of its being much shorter than I expected because it 's very nice for small batches.I am a big fan of the ergonomic handle thanks to which I can almost effortlessly whip up cream , egg whites and stir pudding just by moving my wrist ... it makes me feel like a &#34; pro &#34; .
 Perfect little size and OXO quality ! My favorite little wisk ! I would recommend this to anyone who loved to wisk !
 I LOVE the way this whisk feels in my hand ! Very comfortable ! I also have the oxo 11 '' size but this is the one I always use ... exclusively ! It is 9 '' from whisk end to handle end . I purchased it thinking it would be good for smaller jobs in smaller bowls but this one does it all . Does not take up much space and I think I could whisk all day with this one . I am going to order one for my daughter .
 Nice little whisk , this is . I wanted one that was n't 12 '' long and this fits the bill . Nice and small and lots of wiring ~ sometimes I think too many , but it seems to work well for whisking dry ingredients while baking .
 Smaller than most whisks , but does an excellent job . Fits in your hand very nicely too ! I bought one and later had to purchase another one for my daughter who is studying culinary arts -- she loves it too !
 This is a great size . Easy grip handle . Easy to clean . I used this so much it broke -LRB- the quality is not inferior , I 've had this for about 7 years -RRB- and I replaced it with the exact same kind of whisk .
 I have a few bigger whisks that I use all the time , but I needed one just like this for smaller jobs and it works perfectly ! Love the handle and it cleans up really easily . Very glad I purchased this ... OXO does not disappoint !
 Rgis a nice product and well made
 I love this whisk . It 's lightweight and comfortable to use for smaller tasks like whipping just enough cream for hot cocoa . . It 's length and small size make it a great size to use with my smaller pots . It 's the perfect size for making a couple cups of homemade pudding for dessert and makes quick work of getting rid of lumps in gravy .
 This whisk works as expected . L all OXO products , it is well made and ergonomic . It feels quite comfortable in my hand .
 This is a great quality whisk and I love the size , very handy for a number of baking tasks . The handle has a comfortable grip , too , something I only notice when it fits my hand particularly well .
 Assuming the quality of this item is just as good as it was 5 years ago . . then this little whisk is essentially perfect . It 's been through 5 years of pretty heavy use -LRB- at least a couple of times a week , sometimes much more -RRB- and plenty of trips through the dishwasher . As far as I can tell it 's still in perfect condition and of course it 's quite comfortable to use . What more could you ask for from a cheap little whisk in this day and age ?
 The handle , the length and the diameter of this product has made long term whisking less arduous . I can attest to that with the lager gravy that I made for the Thanksgiving turkey that required 1 hour of frequent stir/whisking . I have been replacing most of my antiquated kitchen tools with OXO for better ergonomics and efficiency . Very happy with my purchase .
 I own two of these just in case I ever need to scramble eggs and mix pancake batter at the same time . I love it a great deal . Not much to say . It 's small , but it 's also sturdy and well balanced . You 're not going to mix a ten gallon vat of pancake batter with it . But it 's perfect for a family size mixing bowl or a three egg omelet .
 We 've had problems w / different styles of whisks breaking . This one looks well made . Time will tell . We have used it several times
 My OXO Good Grips 9-inch Whisk works great . The handle fix nicely into my hand . The whisk is a perfect size . I have made pancake batter , mayonnaise , and whipped up some eggs . All around happy customer and the price was a wonderful deal !
 Some are overkill or just too overbuilt , but I think this is there sweetspot and they have consistent quality . Feels `` right '' in the hand while using .
 I read other reviews about this whisk before purchasing . I have used it for whipping eggs and it was so much better than using a fork . I love the size .
 Very good whisk , with a `` good grip '' , can be considered as a medium size . Personally I would go to the 11-inch model from the same brand
 I had the oldest whisk in history and was due for a new one . I recently bought this new Oxo one . I like the handle , and the whole unit seems sturdy , yet flexible . It whisks better than my old one . I like that it is dishwasher safe even with the rubber-like handle .
 Seriously , get this whisk and you 'll never use another brand . Your whisk worries are taken care of for the rest of your life .
 This is a great whisk to add to your kitchen tools . As always , the handle is quite ergonomic , an Oxo trademark . I purchased this one because it is an in between size . It 's great for use with smaller bowls as the head of the whisk is narrower . I actually use it more often than my large whisk . A great addition to my kitchen !
 This is a handy little whisk good for whipping small amounts of salad dressing , whipping cream , sauces or a couple of eggs ! Nice handle , narrow design gets in the corners of a measuring cup fairly easy , no places to trap residue . Would buy this one again !
 As with mos of the good grips products , very comfortable handle . Works good and appears to be drable .
 A little larger would have been nice and there is no give to this whisk . Good for scraping the bowl tho . .
 Unlike some of the previous , uneducated reviewers , I knew prior to ordering this item that it was not used for making Whiskey . I knew that it was for beating things , such as eggs , whipped cream , and unruly children . -LRB- The latter is an optional use - I would use the 11-inch whisk , also available from amazon , or a heavy iron spoon -RRB- . In short , this tool does its job with aplomb . I enjoy whisking all manner of items , and find myself using this item when it really is n't necessary at all . Just this morning I whisked myself a milk and organge juice smoothie , and followed that up by vigorously whisking my bowl of Rasin Bran . Sure , flakes and milk ended up all over the place , but each cereal shard was coated with nice frothy milk . I have even used this whisk to create my own flavors of toothpaste , mixing the best of several of my favorite brands into one bowl and wisking it into a greenish-brown blob of tooth-whitening goodness . Overall , this whisk is superb at doing what it was meant to do , and then some . I think I may use it tonight to whisk together a bowl of chiken soup puree ! YUM !
 it 's a real good whisk only wish it was slightly bigger is size and a bit more sturdy .
 Bye whisking you away I froth , foam and easily handle all your whisking problems away . My handle is so secure it will absoutley amaze you with its workability . Please try me so I can whisk you into my recipes , now !
 I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic -LRB- C5-6 if you care -RRB- . I have about 1/3 use of my hands and 1/2 use of my arms . I can use most whisks with some effort , however , this Oxo one is almost effort-free for me . I even whip small amounts of cream -LRB- 1/2 pint or less -RRB- because this whisk works so well for me.My mother , who has mild arthritis , loves this whisk as well.This whisk is a nice size for whipping up a small amount of eggs -LRB- 2-8 -RRB- , cream , crepes , etc. . You 'll need a full size whisk for more substantial recipes.As with most Oxo tools it is very ergonomically designed
 Not only is this my favorite whisk , it is truly well made . While making a custard filling for caramel eclairs -LRB- you know those magical eclairs in the Simply Irresistible movie -RRB- I found that the balloon shape and the way the wires adapt themselves to the shape of a saucepan was highly desirable.For one thing , you do n't want any clumping in a sauce or custard and things do tend to get clumpy if you ca n't get into the inner edge of a saucepan . With a bit of pressure , you can whisk into every inch of a saucepan . This is not always possible with a plastic whisk which is definitely not as flexible.The handle on this whisk makes it easy to keep a grip and OXO is known for their ergonomic considerations . I think of it as an almost suede rubber that is not only comfortable to hold , it allows your hand to grip the handle more firmly.Now the reason the 10 stainless-steel wires are so sturdy is because they are sealed into the base with a clear resin material . This also prevents food from building up and I throw this whisk in the dishwasher without fear.If you bang the wires against your hand you can see how sturdy this whisk is and I can almost imagine that somewhere in the world someone is using this whisk as a musical instrument.When the cookbook says `` whisk '' this is the one I 'd highlyrecommend . ~ The Rebecca Review
 All oxo products are a dream to use , so the whisk was a very welcome addition to my kitchen stash . The handle is so comfortable , that it makes each and every whisking job a breeze . The only reason I give it four stars rather than five , is the fact that I have difficulty cleaning the small ripples on the handle .
 This 9 '' whisk is well made . . with a very nice handle . Note . . it is not a big one . For the bigger jobs ... get their 11 '' whisk ... which I will get soon.A whisk is a must ... so many uses . I even use them in some non-stick pans ... carefully.Ideal for mushroom . . other tin cream soups.Thanks OXO and JB
 I use my Oxo 9 '' whisk for many different recipes -LRB- whipping air into eggs , mixing liquid ingredients , etc. -RRB- , and it always performs like a pro and goes straight into the dishwasher for easy cleanup . My only recommendation would be to invest in a silicone-coated whisk as well ; this will scratch up your nonstick cookware , but it works great for mixing and other general kitchen duties .
 When I ordered this whisk I was slightly unsure about its usefulness , but I did know my smallest existing whisk was too large to get into the corners of small sauce pans -LRB- with straight sides -RRB- and too clumsy for whisking a couple of eggs in a small bowl.Oxo has nailed it again . This whisk reaches into the corners of small pans , is just right for mixing a few eggs or incorporating ingredients into a pan sauce . The handle is comfortable . I 'm a hero at home for making this purchase . Thanks Oxo .
 I love all the Oxo Good Grips kitchen utensils because they are so comfortable to use . I use this little 9 '' whisk a lot for small jobs . It is perfect for mixing up a little thickening for gravy , whisking a few eggs to use in recipes when baking , or for scrambling eggs . A larger whisk wo n't fit in measuring cups or small bowls.Since I have arthritis in my hands , I find the Oxo good grips kitchen utensils to be the most comfortable on the market . One little bit of advice is to rinse the whisk immediately after using to make clean-up easier . I made the mistake of letting food dry on it a couple of times , and it made cleaning it more difficult . I highly recommend this whisk for all cooks .
 This is almost a hybrid of the flat whisks and the balloon type . I use this several times per week and love the small size . It 's great for mixing dry ingredients instead of sifting for baking , for mixing batter , egg replacers , and for dissolving green superfood powders into juices and water . Oxo is a staple in my kitchen -- I love their stuff . Do measure because it 's small -- a feature I really like .
 Not much else to say about it . It 's smaller than the whisks I grew up with , so if you use big bowls , buy the next size up . Otherwise it 's great .
 Love this whisk , the grippy handle is perfect ! I needed a whisk that was n't too big and to use for when I make hot chocolate . This whisk fit the bill !
 Nice simple but yet elegant design . It is on the smaller size if you are having a large party you may want 2 .
 Just ordered the antique white dinner ware and antique orchard to accent this pattern . Very beautiful and durable dishes . Nice weight , beautiful design . I am very pleased with these dishes . The gravy boat is large and has nice lines . The stand could be used for a small appetizer plate as well . Maybe some olives or something small to serve . Highly recommend Mikasa Antique White
 A welcome addition to my set - it is a great size so I 'm not running back to the kitchen to refill . The handle is easy to pick up , and not spill . I 'm so happy with the quality of this Mikasa set , and this piece is a great addition .
 We have almost all the Mikasa Antique White pieces and love them all . This is a very pretty and durable gravy boat .
 The OXO Teakettle is a constant companion of our kitchen . We use it to boil water for coffee on a * almost * nightly basis . The water heats up quickly -LRB- as expected -RRB- and the kettle produces an unmistakeable whistling sound . The kettle is well-constructed out 18-8 stainless steel -LRB- known as 304 stainless here in the USA -RRB- with a a pleasing brushed look . The brushed finish means that there never a need to wipe down smudge or fingerprintsSome people have mentioned that their kettle has corroded . It is important to remember that 18-8 stainless -LRB- 304 -RRB- is one of oldest grades of stainless . While it is unlikely that it will rust it does need to be treated with a little special care . Do not clean with overly harsh chemical -LRB- especially bleach -RRB- - try to stick to good old soap-and-water ! Pros - Nice looking kettle ! It fits in perfectly with the modern kitchen - Nice sounding `` Whistle '' - Well built - not `` flimsy '' or cheaply made - Made of stainless steel -LRB- Which I prefer over aluminum -RRB- - Well built - we have not experienced any loose screws or pieces coming offAreas to improve - It can be a little hard to open the top to pour the water in - 18-8 -LRB- 304 -RRB- stainless is a lower grade austenitic stainless steel . While it is unlikely that it will rust - you will need to be careful in how it is cleaned NEVER CLEAN WITH BLEACHWhile there are a couple of minor flaws as whole we have been very pleased with the OXO kettle . I am not sure what more any one could want in a tea kettle ! 5 stars
 I 've been having this product for over a year now , and have not had any problems with it . I use this product in my kitchen everyday . All I have is Oxo in my kitchen and would n't settle for anything else .
 I 've owned the Oxo Uplift for several years and been generally happy with it . However , the whistle stopped functioning not long after I began using it . I tried to fix it with no luck . After a couple of years I decided to contact Oxo to get a replacement part - and I was willing to pay for it . Oxo replied to me within a day that their products are guaranteed and they promptly sent me a replacement new Uplift ! That 's great customer service that I wish was more common .
 It 's gorgeous , works great -LRB- does n't burn your hand -RRB- , clever design , whistle not too loud - we love it !
 The teakettle is very stylish in it 's design . The handle works well in that your hand is away from the steam . Also the texture of the handle is very nice.It is slightly larger than I invisioned but that is no fault of the teakettle . Very good teakettle for the price . I would highly recommend it ! S L Hedstrom - Caribou ME
 Wow , talk about mixed reviews ! We 've had this kettle -LRB- the blue one -RRB- for 4 years now and could n't be happier with it . It still actually looks new and all we do is wash it every once in a while . Nothing has melted off of it and the whistle works just fine . It 's used on average once a week so that 's a decent number of uses over 4 years ! Things I like about it are that it pours without dribbling , you do n't need a pot holder to pick it up , you can stick your hand inside easily to wash it , and you can use it with the whistle up if you want so you do n't have to hear it -LRB- that thing is loud ! -RRB- . We also leave it with the whistle up after using it so it can dry inside . The directions that come with the kettle clearly say that you should not heat the water above medium because you can damage the kettle . If I 'm boiling a lot of water , I follow these directions , but if I 'm just boiling enough for a mug of tea , I crank up the heat and have boiling water in about 2 minutes . So far no damage to the kettle and the handle and spout do n't get too hot . All in all , I would definitely recommend this kettle to others as long as you keep in mind that the spout and handle could potentially melt if you disregard the manufacturer 's instructions and as long as you do n't have a tendency to wander off while boiling water .
 Gave this as a gift and it was worth every penny spent . Flat bottom for a fast boil and opens when tilted . Great for 90yr old dad and 86yo mom . Also looks great and well made .
 We had gone through a few other types of Tea Kettles that initially appeared to be what we wanted based on its looks , but when it comes down to functionality , the OXO won hands down . Others had a whistle that had to be reset or pushed back down after pouring or filling for it to whistle the next time it got heated . But someone always managed to forget to do that and the pots over-boiled and cracked because they never whistled . Now with the OXO , everytime you pick it up , it stops the whistling and opens the pour spout . Then upon placing it back down the handle autiomatically resets the whistle and there is never an issue . Plus OXO provides a lifetime warranty . The first one we had started to have rust pop through on the inside . I called OXO and they sent me a brand new pot !
 I was so happy to find a blue one of these after a house guest burned up the one I had . I love these kettles for their quality and style . Just was n't satisfied by any of the others . Have had one of these for over ten years and think they are the best .
 This is a great kettle - well made and durable . No problems with the handle to spout opening mechanism ; very clever idea to prevent buring your hand as compared to removing the `` old school '' spout caps . Whistle is loud ... if you ca n't hear it you need to get your hearing checked .
 The perfect replacement for a much used item . The modern styling and features of uplift handle make it so useful .
 Nothing new to add , but can share that our experience with this tea kettle is very good . It 's very pretty , heats quickly , and works as advertised . The size is fine too -- not too large , not too small . The whistle is top-rate .
 I have many pots and pans that are decades old and work well despite frequent use . It 's true that I use a tea kettle at least once every day , probably more than any other piece of cookware . So it 's not surprising that after 20 years of using my old Revere Ware copper bottom kettle , it bit the dust . I decided to upgrade to a fancier brand , the Oxo , about four years ago . It held up well until this month when the bottom started to severely corrode . Is four years a good lifespan for a kettle ? I do n't think so . It 's on the low end of my expectations . On the plus side , the kettle is well designed and has nice balance . But next time , I 'm going back to something a little cheaper with a copper bottom .
 This kettle was a gift . the person has expressed that she totally loves it . It is as expected from the pictures .
 ... especially for the price!I got this kettle for $ 1 at a garage sale ! Ca n't be beat . But , even if I bought this for the regular price I 'd be happy with it.I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because the handle gets quite hot requiring an oven mitt , I would think it would n't given it 's design.Other than that , happy .
 I have trouble picking up and holding onto things . I saw the word `` OXO '' and definitely had to look into this.I have n't had any trouble with boiling water and it did n't mess up the bottle since I have electric . I do n't turn it on high to start with . I love that I can clean it out . The cheap kettles have no opening except the spout and I grew up with mom having the same one . Lifting the kettle and the spouts opens up is a great idea . Again with the cheap ones , you have to push a button and my hands struggle and thumb fumbles to get it open . My friend is very , very picky about her tea kettle since she 's a hard-knocks tea drinker since birth -LRB- she 's in her 60 's -RRB- and buys the expensive type with another layer on the bottom with holes around it . Her kettle is meant for those high heat gas burners . She thought my kettle is very cool and perfect for my needs ... and her needs when she comes visit . I take that as a huge compliment for my choice and for OXO .
 I thought that the whistle on this kettle was supposed to be different , lower or more musical or something , but it 's just a regular tea kettle whistle . Other than that though , love my kettle . It 's so cute , a nice bright orange , bubbly style . The handle is comfy and the spout opens as soon as you pick up the handle . the opening in the back is wide and easy to fill . No complaints here !
 I have never loved a kettle before but this is so stylish and easy to use other kettles just feel silly now . Highly recommend this product ! You can easily use it one handed , the grip is comfortable and the pour is efficient .
 I 've owned this product for about 4 months and find it to be a well built and sleek kettle that fits will into a stainless steel kitchen . The whistle is nice and loud , and the lid opening mechanism tilts at a good angle to make it easy to pour and to fill . The only concern would be the longevity of the mechanical component , so we 'll have to see if it holds up .
 Good looking kettle , compliments the retro style of my kitchen . Does the job as advertised , and I like having the mechanism to open the spout cap without touching the spout - I used to scald my fingers a lot with my old kettle as I had to pull out the plug in the spout.Only gripe really is that it can be a wee bit awkward to pour , and the whistle does n't really whistle . .
 I gave this four stars because Oxo customer service is one of the best . My original Oxo uplift was fabulous until it broke , although I am not quite sure why it broke . I got a replacement and noticed the plastic spout cover had a very strange odor . I cleaned it thoroughly with dish detergent . Then boiled three separate water fills a few minutes each . The odor finally disapated . It did n't whistle the first few uses but the whistle kicked-in finally and has worked perfectly since . I have the stainless steel uplift and love it . It is strong and sturdy . One warning though . Do not fill it from the spout . For reason I do n't understand , it causes the spout to break , never again will it lift correctly . One last issue , the cooling and heating of the pot causes the screw to loosen that holds the handle onto the pot . I keep a screwdriver by the stove and tighten it about once a week.May 15 , 2012
 Superb sleek design , very hip and functional . I had no problem in years over high heat.The handle lifts lid by moving your hand away from the hot metal . Every Oxo product I 've used is very well designed and worth the extra $ .
 Lifting this teakettle by the handle opens the pour spout . No button to press or gadget to fiddle with to open the spout . Actually the angle you hold the pot at determines whethere the spout will open or not . It will always be open when in the `` pour '' position . In the more `` level '' carrying position just a tilt of the angle will change it from closed to open . It may sound kind of strange or uncontrollable , but it is very easy to manage.It 's made of sturdy stainless steel . It looks nice , though very sleek and modern compared to all those `` cute '' teakettles out there . Plus it has an additional larger opening for cleaning ! -LRB- You cant get inside most other teakettles . -RRB- One thing that you may not like about this teakettle
 We love this teapot . For years we had a prior oxo version of the teapot which finally wore out , this new one improves on the old one . The old one had plastic that was stylish , but ultimately carbonized after years of use . That 's gone now . The best part is the handle , push down the spout opens , lift up and it closes . No burned hands . Has a large solid base and heats quickly .
 I fell in love with the color and style of the Pretend Green tea kettle several months ago but hesitated purchasing it because of some of the negative comments about malfunctionative -LRB- < < < made up word -RRB- whistles.I contacted Gretchen at Oxo ... who told me that yes , many of the original whistles were defective but that Oxo has fixed the problem . She said that the new ones shipped out have a new-and-improved whistle that is loud and they would replace any that ceased to notify tea drinkers.In fact , she even sent me one before I purchased the kettle , which is a good thing because I got an older style whistle that did n't work well . The new whistle -LRB- easily installed -RRB- works perfectly and is fun -LRB- as many noticed , it sounds like a train -RRB- . And the rest of the kettle is really cool , too -LRB- especially the style and color options -RRB- .
 I have used my OXO uplift kettle for over two years and it performs perfectly ... In fact , it is the best kettle I have ever owned , and as much as I use it I expected the bottom to have burned out by now , the way all of my previous `` bargain '' kettles did.I have seen a number of reviews here downgrading my favorite kettle because of problems with the whistle ... I decided to look into that because I thought it was very unusual . I called the customer service number and found that the whistle on one small batch of production was not correctly assembled . The good news is that it has been fixed and all subsequent kettles have the redesigned whistle . The best news is that all OXO products are guaranteed unconditionally with no time limit . Had the unhappy owners simply called the OXO company , they would have received a brand new kettle FREE!Sometimes American consumers would rather complain and badmouth a product rather than taking the steps to let the manufacturer make it right . In the case of OXO , they have a great reputation in the housewares industry for standing behind their products and making every customer happy.Yes I am a fan of OXO products , I have most every one of their user-friendly kitchen products in my kitchen and I often give their products as gifts . The kettle is outstanding but I would n't hesitate to call the company and ask for a replacement if it did not perform as advertised.Got to go now , my OXO Uplift Kettle is whistling ...
 Another Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- reviewer praised this kettle for being so easy to use in spite of her arthritis and I bought the kettle on this recommendation . I was not disappointed -- the kettle is easy to fill , hold , and pour , because of the clever mechanism that opens the spout as soon as the kettle is tipped . The handle is soft and gently curved and the kettle does not slip when I pick it up . The end of the handle also does n't dig into my wrist the way other kettles ' handles do.The steam seal is tight , too , so there 's on change of being burnt by steam as you pour . I virtually never remove the lid -- I refill the kettle through the spout.A few others reviewers criticized the whistle . I have to disagree -- this whistle is a gentle but loud two-toned hum and is easy to hear . Depending on how much water is in the kettle , it emits a loud , low hum or simultaneously two hums of different pitches . It 's simply not the high-pitched screech of most kettles , and so it takes some getting used to listening out for.The kettle is also easy to clean -- there are no tight corners or small parts that are out of the way and so get dirty easily .
 I dont like reading reviews from people who have * just * received an item because I feel they have n't really given it a fair ` test drive . ' I 've had my OXO Teakettle for nearly two years and love it . Having returned to the US after living abroad for nearly 20 years , I found the selection of electric teakettles to be very limited . My husband bought me a couple but I didnt like them -- finally , I gave in and purchased a stove-top kettle , the OXO . I like the sleek design and how , with a slight bit of pressure with your hand or tilt , the spout top opens with ease . I 've seen on other reviews that some people have had problems with the whistle , but in two years , I 've experienced no problems at all .
 I was personally smitten by the tea way of life during a two year stint in Britain in the mid 1980s , and love to have my morning cup while I get ready for work . Recently I decided to replace the long-suffering kettle I had with something shiny and new , based on the remodeling of the kitchen and the fact that the old one was getting a little ragged around the edges . My interst was piqued by this model , for it combines good looks with a lot of basic fnctionality , something the average Brit would appreciate . This then , would be a good choice.That much said , this kettle has a lot of quality built into it . The `` Uplift teakettle '' really does the job well ; the spout opens when the nonslip , heat-resistant handle is lifted , which serves to keeping your fingers and hands safely out of range from potential burns . It has a removable lid , which is wide enough to be able to empty and fill easily . It aslo facilitates regular cleaning . It has a 2-quart capacity , and is ergonomically designed to fit one 's palm comfortably . The handles are slip-proof -- wet or dry -- as well as dishwasher-safe . All i all , this is a great tea kettle , and one I am sure will meet your needs for years to come .
 This is one of the best little tea kettles you 'll ever find
 My husband bought me this teakettle as a gift about 4-5 years ago , and it 's been a nice little addition to our kitchen . The first thing you notice about it is the sleek , modern look -- definitely not your grandmother 's kettle ! Next , once you set it on the stove to boil , you 'll be pleasantly surprised by the whistle . Rather than a jarring alarm , this kettle gently warns you that your water is very with an almost soothing , train-like deep hum that starts off rather low but gradually gets much lounder -LRB- in fact , I recommend getting to the kettle before it does ! -RRB- . The final great feature about this kettle is the one that gives it its `` uplift '' name
 I love my OXO Good Grips Uplift Teakettle . It 's so easy to use and I get so many compliments about the look and feel . I also had to call OXO Customer Service about a problem with my whistle and those people are fabulous . Couteous , polite , and helped me with my problem immediately ... Wonderful company !!
 It 's so hard to find a groovy tea kettle that looks totally hip and does the job right . This is a REALLY good tea kettle - very well designed ; easy to hold & pour , durable , & very nice looking . It makes me want to redo my entire kitchen . It 's not large , but the look & feel of it make up for it -LRB- I bought ` pretend green ' - looks really nice on my funky gas stove -RRB- . BUY IT !
 Tired of disappointments experienced with other more cumbersome and certainly less-melodic whistling tea kettles , I perused various websites for a stylish , functional replacement . The Uplift 's recent reviews were consistently promising ; so I placed my order , which was delivered sooner than anticipated . The Uplift is perfect
 I received this kettle as a gift . Like others , I love the design but ran into trouble with the whistle -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . My kettle whistled sporadically for the first few weeks , then gave up entirely . After a review of the other comments here , I realized my problem with the whistle was not unique . So , I called OXO customer service and related my problem . They could not have been more helpful ! Within five days I received a brand new replacement in the mail , with postage paid for the return of the defective kettle . Good customer service to the rescue !
 I 'm not sure if one of the previous reviewers has an older version of this kettle , or what , but I 've had NONE of those problems addressed . I have the red enameled version , and have had it for about a month . It gets used 2-4 times a day , every day . The whistle works well - loud enough to be heard , but not obnoxious . The lid fits well , and I have n't had any problems with steam sneaking out , nor have I had a problem with the spout dripping . I compared this with several other products before buying , including kettles by Calphalon and All Clad , and have found this to be the best . I like the handle , both because I do n't need a potholder to lift it , and because it 's a one-handed operation . When you lift the handle , the cap on the spout flips open . Mine is enameled inside and out , so no need to worry about pitting over time -LRB- I looked at the stainless steel version - not enameled inside -RRB- . It 's easy to fill , and heats up relatively fast . Plus the red is just plain cool looking on the stove - Snazzy ! I would buy this again , and would reccommend this product to others.Adendum
 The bride -LRB- of 42 years -RRB- LOVES the product . It is easy to fill , holds lots and the handle action is an excellent idea . When the water begins to boil the lid sings softly like a harmonica . Needless to say , this is a very pleasant experience rather than running to answer a shrieking earsplitting soprano scream . * We have not burnt ourselves using this and I am impressed with how easily it locks at the open -LRB- something that I was concerned about -RRB- . * Great ergonomics and a great idea . This product Rocks !!!!
 I bought this tea kettle in April of 2003 on amazon after -LRB- embarassingly -RRB- hours of searching the web for the ideal tea kettle . I wanted something cool looking , gorgeous and efficient for a permanent setting on the cook stove . This is it ! The design is great and is very high quality . The water heats to piping hot quickly and the kettle call is loud enough to make me come running . I use water from a water bottle dispenser for it so it takes a little manuevering to get the handle-operated spiggot into the pour spout but it works fine . If I was going to add water to the lid , it would take a little doing because that lid fits on there pretty tight . Turns into a total one handed speedy operation . After about 2-1/2 years I had to tighten a screw in the handle but easy enough and its still going strong for a large family of teens who like their hot cocoa , and adults who like their tea , on a regular basis . We never had to use a hot pad as other reviewers mention and never had a lick of trouble with the train whistle -LRB- I had even web-shopped for the perfect whistle -RRB- . I figure that in a few more years I might wear it out from daily use or it might get rusty but I give it my highest rating and highly recommend it !
 This is the greatest invention since sliced bread and as much fun as the Hula Hoop . OXO 's very attractively designed new kettle actually opens the pouring spout when one lifts the kettle into pouring position , then closes it again when the kettle is set back on a level surface.The sturdy construction of this kettle will last for years , we are so tired of cheap tea kettles that burn through the bottom or self-destruct after a few hundred uses . This kettle is built to take plenty of use and abuse and it is an excellent value .
 Had this for a couple of years now - great ! I was looking for a stainless steel pot without the teflon coating on the inside . This teapot is perfect and I think it is just as good as the really expensive models . Save yourself some money and buy this one !
 I purchased this kettle about 5 year before . It did rust inside because i did not empty it each night but I purchased it again to replace my old one as it is a great tea kettle . The handle keeps it from getting to hot so you wo n't burn your hand when you pick it up .
 The ability to just pick up your teapot , lean it toward your cup and the whistle cap automatically pops opens without further assistance from you is great . Perfect balance yields a very smooth motion . No splashing , no dripping . This is especially easy on your hand & wrist ... ergonomic design and it looks good too !
 We enjoyed our previous Oxo uplift teakettle -LRB- in stainless steel -RRB- , which was sturdy , well-made , modern-looking , and easy to use , so were happy to find a version in orange -LRB- enamel coating -RRB- to brighten up our kitchen . Our previous kettle started fail -LRB- leak , whistle no longer worked -RRB- after several years of heavy use on a gas burner . The lid to the new kettle is a bit flimsier than our previous kettle , but hopefully that should not affect its durability . We love the look of it ; we 'll see how well it holds up - we 'll be satisfied if it lasts as long as our previous kettle given the abuse we 're bound to give it . Only complaint
 I purchased this kettle mainly for the pretty color but it has n't let me down on its function . Boils water quickly and has a pleasant whistle . I have n't had any problems with the handle coming apart or melting . Would recommend .
 This tea kettle is easy to pour , makes boiling noises when the water is ready , comfortable to hold , and relatively easy to fill . The fill area is off center so a bit of wiggle room is necessary when filling . Thus far I am happy with this purchase -LRB- have n't had much luck recently in NOT burning the kettle until now -RRB- .
 I 've owned this kettle for 5 + years and have had no complaints . I am lazy and leave water in it - no problems with rust until recently . I am buying a new one this year because the bottom is starting to show signs of wear . Overall , I think this product has lasted well . In my house it is used daily and anything that lasts more than a few years is a good get .
 I bought this tea kettle based on Amazon reviews . It 's very sturdy and the handle stays cool . It takes a little while to get used to the triggered-spout mechanism , though . I did n't fully understand how it works until I received it . You lift the tea kettle by the handle -LRB- very normal -RRB- but when you tip the spout forward , the handle kicks up a little to open the spout . A little awkward at first , but you get used to it very quickly . The kettle pours smoothly and easily and looks sharp sitting on your stovetop.My only disappointment - and it was kind of a big disappointment - is the whistle sound . I chose this model over other tea kettles because reviewers loved its low , train-like whistle . I severely dislike high , shrill noises , so I thought this was the kettle for me . I 'm not sure what the deal is , but my kettle is the most high-pitched , LOUD sound you can imagine . I guess I 'll keep it , because like I said other than the whistle it 's a great item , but do n't be fooled by descriptions of a low-pitched whistle - the OXO kettle has an extremely high pitch .
 Wow !! Great design ; loved the `` pumpkin '' orange -LRB- really a bright spot in the kitchen ! -RRB- . Well made . Easy to use . Unique design of spout eliminates the old fear of scaled fingers ! Delivery was super swift -LRB- faster than predicted by Amazon -RRB- . Thanks !
 We love this kettle . The handle works smooth and the whistle is mellow not loud and annoying . The grip is nice to grab .
 I 've used the OXO Good Grips teakettle for about 10 years . Although they sometimes have problems -LRB- the lid on one separated into parts -RRB- , it generally is an easy-to-use , good quality kettle . It will discolor if you heat it up without water or let the water boil out of it , so caution is necessary . The whistle is loud and you 'll always hear it -LRB- sounds like a train whistle -RRB- .
 The big difference between this & all the other teapots I tried is the design . When you tip it to pour water , the spout opens & it pours ... nothing to push or do but pour ! When you 're done pouring it closes on its own too . Great design !!! I bought a less expensive one before this & it rusted where the spout meets the body on the inside ... !! Spend the money & avoid the rust !! I love my new teapot !!!
 I 've owned this particular brand and style before and was pleased with its performance . I was a little disappointed with my recent purchase of it because it does n't whistle as loudly as it used to .
 I really enjoyed this kettle until I accidently knocked it with something in the kitchen and a big ship of the enamel came off . It was my fault but it does n't seem to take much force to damage the enamel -- I 've done it again since then . It 's still perfectly functional but the chipped enamel is annoying . Also , it tends to get dirty if you leave it sitting on the stove next to things cooking , and the enamel does n't clean up that easily . I would bet that the stainless kettles would be more durable and easier to clean.Also , it has a great whistle , however , I 've found that with use , the whistle tends to sporadically not work , perhaps due to the whole uplift/handle/spout mechanism coming slightly out of alignment . Mine still works 9 times out of 10 , but if I want to be really sure it 's going to make an audible sound , then I make sure that the whistling cap is seated correctly on the spout.Otherwise , really functional kettle , the automatically opening spout is great and the whistle is very pleasing but get the stainless unenameled one if you 're clumsy .
 I 'm thrilled with my new OXO Good Grips Uplift Teakettle so much that I 'm purchasing a few for friends and family who share the same love for a cup of tea ! I love hearing the whistle blow to alert me that the water is ready - it 's music to my ears and not over powering and annoying like other tea kettles I 've owned in the past . I decided to go with the black so as not to see fingerprints like the stainless steel ones show over time . Believe me , I 've learned my lesson!The absolute best part ... picking up the kettle and having the spout open immediately for easy pouring . If you 're using a gas stove , like me , remember to keep the flame low so it does n't come past the kettle . This will help to keep the handle from overheating as well.Remember to wash the kettle out first prior to using it and dump any leftover water out to avoid any rusting . After reading several reviews I decided not to try my luck and leave anything to chance .
 this kettle from OXO is such a joy ! I really only use my kettle when I have company over for dinner - and serving from spohisticated kettle impressed everyone at the table . It was also big enough to fill 6 people 's cups for tea . It is easy to pour from by just lifting up the handle . And the signature soft OXO handle gives the kettle a real comfy , quality feel . Really one of a kind !
 1 -RRB- The handle DOES NOT GET HOT - you will never burn yourself by touching the handle2 -RRB- Heats up quickly3 -RRB- Have used it for 2.5 years , no problems , no rust , no leaks & yes , I am constantly leaving water in it .4 -RRB- I am buying one for my mother for Christmas
 We got this kettle as a wedding present , and it 's probably one of the most useful things we received . It is a very attractive kettle , and the materials used seem to be of a nice quality . The handle design is great -- all you have to do to lift the cover off the spout is tip the pot into a pouring position . The rubber coating on the handle acts as an insulator . I have never had a problem with the handle being too hot to touch , although it sometimes gets very warm.I would have given this pot five stars if it had n't been for the whistle -- for one , it sounds like a car horn or a train whistle , and it 's somewhat loud and annoying . Very effective for calling you back to the stove to get your pot of boiling water , though . We 've also had some trouble with the whistle changing -- it has n't stopped on us entirely like some of the other reviewers have said , but it does cut in and out , and sometimes it wavers between its normal car horn whistle and a high , quavering wail.In short , if you 're looking for a sturdy , well constructed tea kettle and you do n't care what it sounds like , go with this one . It is well worth the price .
 These tea kettles are GREAT ! But do n't leave them on the stove with no water after the whistle stops working , because the enamal will CRACK when you go to refil . Duh --
 this kettle is great - stylish , heats quickly , holds plenty of water . Only downside is that the handle still gets quite hot on our commercial range . That 's a little surprising , given the amount of research Oxo does to make products usable for people . the handle is the only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars
 ... the handle gets too hot to lift kettle without a pot holder . Design should be modified with a thicked , more heat resistant handle .
 This is a very nice product . It feels very durable . It is handsome in appearance . I especially like the feature where the spout lid raises up when the kettle is lifted . I feel that I will get much good use from it without suffering from any defects .
 I 'm not sure what the other reviews are about ... personally , I love this tea kettle ! Made of brushed stainless steel , it 's sturdy & beautiful & completely functional in every way.You push the handle up , and the spout opens . Push the handle down , the spout closes . You never have to touch a burning hot spout ever again ... and splash yourself with hot water in the process ! The handle also has a rubber grip which prevents it from getting too hot to handle , although it does get warmer the longer you leave the kettle on the stove.The whistle on my tea kettle works fine , although it is n't very loud , and the water needs to be at a steady boil before it will whistle . I like that ! I hate ear-piercing noises of any kind . However , if you live in a big and/or noisy house , maybe this is n't the tea kettle for you.I also like the fact that you are n't forced to use the tea kettle with the whistle operative ... you can open the spout and not have it whistle at all . This is a nice option when people in your household are still asleep ... just do n't leave it on the stove and forget about it!The top is hard to open ... so do n't open it ! Just fill it from the spout . It 's so much easier to do it this way . There 's no need to open the top unless you 're cleaning the tea kettle . The opening has nice smooth edges , too , so you wo n't cut yourself ... unlike some other cheap tea kettles.This tea kettle was well-designed and executed in every way . I 've owned $ 150 tea kettles in the past ... they do n't touch this one in terms of ease of use and functionality . It ' the best .
 wow ! i love my new OXO kettle . I usually only make tea when I have company over - and when I poured from this new kettle everyone was so impressed ! When you lift the handle the spout opens automatically . It was smooth . And the trademark soft OXO handle is comfy and classy-looking . The kettle holds enough water to fill 6 tea cups . All in all - a wonderful kettle .
 Love this teakettle -- it heats water evenly and quickly ; cleans easily ; love the uplift handle device which frees up a hand while pouring.Great product !
 Works Great . Have n't had any problems with others complaints , such as hot handle or loud whistle . It is just what I wanted
 This is a great teakettle . I was somewhat worried about buying it after reading some of the other reviews , but I 'm glad I did . It holds a surprising amount of water , and I 've had no problems at all with the whistle , although it does n't have the harmonica or train-whistle sound some described . It is less shrill than most whistles , though . I 've also had no problems with leaking or with steam escaping from the very tight-fitting lid . One warning , though
 I love this kettle . I got mine a few years ago before the lid was flame resistant . I wanted to get one for my best friend but they had temporarily recalled it . They sent me a replacement lid . I love telling that story.The kettle hums like a harmonica instead of having an annoying whistle . As you pour it the weight of the water tips the handle and opens the spout . Cool . I just bought one for my sister for Xmas .
 This is the best teakettle I 've ever had , by far , but there is a secret to making sure it works great for you , too . I 'll get to that in a minute , but the reasons I like it so much include :1 -RRB- Its handle design allows one-hand pouring without needing to pull a `` trigger '' to open the spout , and yet the whistle in the spout works just as well as any other I 've had in 30 years .2 -RRB- Its solid construction feels more stable in the hand than those light , copper-bottom stainless steel kettles , so movement of the water inside does n't tip the Oxo to odd angles when pouring . You simply have more control .3 -RRB- In visual appeal , the Oxo is a bold , bright addition to our stovetop and kitchen . We got it in Almost Orange , which adds a nice smile of color to the surrounding black and strainless steel . And it comes in so many terrific colors , it 's hard to NOT find one that 'll work for you.Speaking of working for you , here 's the secret
 This is a great teakettle . Nice looking , nicely balanced in the hand , and it even sounds nice ! -LRB- Instead of the shrill whistle of an ordinary teakettle , when the water is ready in this kettle , you hear a nicely-tuned three-note chord which is actually pleasing to the ear ! -RRB- I ca n't recommend it enough .
 This kettle is a great size , has a comfortable handle , is easy to clean . It also looks great sitting on the stove.The handle stays cool and opens easily . Would buy it again in a heartbeat .
 I received the stainless steel version of this kettle as a Christmas gift three years ago , and it 's been a trooper . I am really surprised at all the complaints . Mine has held up to three to five uses a day for three years on a gas stove with no leaking , no rusting . Whistle works fine unless my husband overfills the kettle , which the directions warned against . I love the auto-open feature and soft handle . Handle insulates well unless you leave it boiling for too long or turn the gas so the flame comes around the sides of the kettle , which is not really the kettle 's fault , or the manufacturers . I 'd love to buy the kettle these complainers are happy with , if such a thing could be found . This one is the best I 've ever had , and I 've worn out about a dozen other types before it .
 This wonderful tea maker - of excellent quality and an excellent price . It 's pleasant to the eye and very convenient in circulation . The guests , he always draws attention ! Everyone likes ! We are pleased ! Recommend It 100 % !
 The kettle is very solid and well weighted towards the front so the spout opens automatically when it is tilted . very good feature - and if push on handle it closes without touching the spout . Pours well . Really like the kettle and it should last a long time .
 This is our second Good Grips teakettle . The rubber on the handle was wearing away on the first one after several years of daily use . We replaced it with the same model . What 's that tell you ? The only reason we do n't give it five stars is it does n't seem to be quite as sturdy and the whistle is not as loud as the first one . Time will tell .
 This is the best designed kettle on the market . The uplift handle makes pouring safer than other models . We had one for 10 years and it finally started to wear out on the inside so we replaced it with cool contraption -LRB- for a lot more money -RRB- from Le Creuset . We had that one for 2 days , and after a couple incidences of getting scalded by the steam -LRB- POOR DESIGN -RRB- we decided to go back to an Oxo Uplift and realize we should have just stuck with what works . Great kettle for a great value .
 I was given this teakettle as a wedding gift a year ago . As you can expect , most teakettles start getting mineral buildup after a while , but not this one . The other feature I simply love is that the boiling time is much faster than any other teakettle I 've owned . The Best One Yet !
 This was a replacement for one I accidentally ruined , so I knew what I was getting . Very prompt service and I 'm completely satisfied .
 We bought the stainless steel version of this kettle and loved it . Unfortunately , when we went to a stove with a flat surface , we thought the ridge on the bottom was keeping it off the surface and therefore it was taking longer to boil water in it . We got rid of that for a different type that had a flat bottom . What a mistake!We did n't realized how spoiled we were with the last Uplift kettle . The new one spilled water , burned our hands with steam and was a pain to fill . So I decided to go back to Oxo . I bought this one as a replacement because it looked like the bottom would be flatter than the stainless steel version . I was right . We love this one and are so glad to be back to having a Oxo Uplift again !
 I purchased this tea kettle several years ago . One night I was making tea and left the latch up because I did not want to wake anyone in the house with the whistle . Unfortunately I myself did not hear the whistle and forgot about the water boiling in the kettle ... the water boiled down to evaporation and the tea kettle was left empty burning on the stove . The handle oon the removable lid was melted down but the rest of the kettle was in fine condition . I contacted the company to ask them if I could purchase a replacement lid and explained exactly what happened and that it was my own fault ... how could I replace the lid ? To my surprise , someone responded from the company that same day and said that they guarantee satisfaction and if I provide my address , they will send me a replacement kettle ... not just the lid . Even though it was completely my own fault , the Company backed their claim to satisfaction 100 % and that says a lot about their products .
 The kettle meets the three things I needed :1 . Sturdy and well constructed2 . I can pour hot water out of the kettle without touching anything hot3 . A good loud whistle tells me when the water is ready for tea
 This is a great kettle . I was a little hesitant to purchase it because of the price and because some of the reviewers had mentioned that it splashed hot water droplets when they picked it up , but I checked it out at a local store and loved the feel of it , so I went ahead and purchased it . I can happily report that we have n't had any problems with splashing droplets , even when the kettle is very full . I think I also recall complaints about a hot handle . This has never been a problem for us with this kettle ; though with our previous one -LRB- a German-made Kamen kettle -RRB- it definitely was.The one thing I would point out to potential buyers is that it has a slightly smaller volume than most other kettles . This is n't a problem for us since we 're usually just making tea for four people at a time . The upside of the smaller volume is that it saves energy when , if you 're like my husband , you have a tendency to fill the kettle to capacity before heating , even if you 're just making a single cup of tea . The smaller capacity just means that it comes to a boil faster.Beyond that , it 's just a great looking , great feeling kettle !
 The kettle has a very attractive aesthetic . I absolutely love that the spout opens with a flick of the handle . No more burning your fingers , pulling the plug from the spout . The flick-handle is a wonderful feature and makes the kettle . The rubber handle is also comfortable on the hand -LRB- though it can get hot -RRB- . I have only one complaint about the kettle
 I like this kettle because it looks nice and is very easy to use . It 's simple one motion opening mechanism works very smoothly . It 's handle is never hot to the touch . It has a large capacity , and makes lots of hot water for everything we need . The only thing I dislike about it is that the whistle is not very loud , and is hard to hear . Overall , it 's a little pricey , but I think it will last a long time .
 I had a Villeroy & Boch teakettle that matched my new -LRB- got them , & kettle , 5 years ago -RRB- kitchen dishes , bright yellow with squares of colors , and I loved it . However , in short order it leaked every time someone poured from it . Hot water on one 's lap , the table , etc. is NOT fun , so I finally gave it up & I ordered this yellow OXO teakettle -LRB- my daughter has the same one in stainless steel , but I wanted yellow -RRB- . I like it very much . It heats well , has stayed clean -LRB- sits on the stove -RRB- for weeks now , whistles as it should , and best of all it does not leak/drip when pouring ! The only thing that keeps it from 5 instead of 4 stars is that I wish it were a brighter shade of yellow ! : - -RRB-
 After having several enamal teapots rust not long after purchase , I decided to try stainless . I am very happy with my decision . The pot does n't rust , is easy to clean , and looks attractive on my stove . I particularly like the sleek , modern design . The attached sprout eliminates the problem of misplacement . The pot does not feel heavy even when filled with water , and it is well-balanced for easy pouring .
 Very nice teakettle . The handle function makes pouring the boiling water a breeze . No worries about steam burns or needing to use a potholder for the handle . Oxo has created a wonderful rubber grip to keep you from buring your hand .
 It 's good looking and complements the look of our stainless steel appliances . It 's heavy enough so that it wo n't burn up too easily . In other words , it works ; not much more to be said .
 This is an upgrade for me , to replace the one I purchased 5 years ago . Very heavy construction and ease of use make this a great tea pot for my kitchen .
 We 've only had this teakettle for a few weeks but both my wife & I think it 's tops . The unique handle design eliminates the possibility of burning your finger while pouring . Just lift the handle and the spout opens . Set it down and the spout closes . There was one problem we experienced when we first started using the kettle . If the water boiled for a while , the handle got very hot . I found that steam was escaping from the lid . All I did was rotate the lid a bit and problem solved ! Now it never gets more than warm .
 I have had this tea kettle for over one year . I have had no problems with it . I always leave water in my kettle and have found no rust issues . I have not been overly gentle with the kettle . I often use the highest flame and the handle has been fine . The porcelain coating is still in perfect condition . I use it every day and find it to be the most comfortable kettle I ever owned in 25 years ! I do n't think you have to be that precious with it the way other reviewers were saying . I certainly have not been too careful and it is in perfect condition.The whistle always works and is not annoying . Loud enough to hear from several rooms away . But note you must use at least 24 oz of water for the kettle to whistle . The uplift feature is surprisingly easy and useful to me . I have to say I 've owned a lot of tea kettles in my life . This has to be the easiest and least annoying kettle . The lid pulls off easily , hurray ! ... which is wonderful when you make tea many times a day .
 I am an avid tea drinker , making 2 or 3 pots of tea daily and this is a beautiful , well-made tea kettle . I was surprised at the large `` footprint '' . But , now that I have used it for a while , I will tell you all the positives . 1 . Great looking . 2 . Easy to pour . 3 . large capacity . 4 . Easy to clean . 5 . Heats quicker than an enameled tea kettle . The only negative is that it is larger in size . For those , like me , who like to boil water to make tea , a very good choice , indeed !
 The whistle in mine functions perfectly -LRB- it 's a whistle , not a hum -RRB- ; there 's never been a bit of rust ; the handle only gets too hot if I boil a lot of water , which I do n't , but I think that 's true for most kettles . The whistle is loud enough that I want to turn it off ASAP.I have carpal tunnel syndrome , and other repetitive strain problems , and I appreciate only having to use one hand to open and close the kettle .
 Besides the colour , which is great , there 's nothing that I can say against this kettle.The handle can get pretty hot on a gas stove , and the whistle is n't the loudest . Better for your ears , lower the volume on the TV !! Good buy !! Use it every day . .
 Everything about this product is great . It 's easy to clean , easy to pour , and the whistle is quite pleasing to the ear . The vast array of color choices also makes it easy to match any kitchen decor .
 This is the best tea kettle I 've ever had , It is so easy to fill and pour , single handed . At first I did not like the loudwhistle , but it is the best for me in the morning because I amruning aroung the house and there is no chance of not hearing it and worrying about it going dry on the stove .
 This is the best teakettle ever ... especially if you 're like me and hate the high-pitched sound of a normal teakettle . Pours great . Beautiful color . And the sound is subtle , yet effective . I highly recommend it !
 I received this as a Christmas gift because it was on my wish list . I have used it every single day since . This is the best Teakettle I ever owned . The water boiled in minutes and it 's easy to use . I did n't really notice the whistle ; however , I never leave anything unattended on the stove .
 I was with my mother when she bougt this kettle about 18 months ago , and have been coveting it ever since ! We love the `` hum '' instead of a shrill whistle . Sounds like a train or boat whistle , and is lovely instead of annoying.The handle is great , too . When it has water in it , it opens as you tilt it . The lighter the weight , the more you have to tilt to get it to open , which makes sense . My mother has an arthritic wrist , and has no problem using that hand to pick up and pour from the kettle.One of these days , I 'm going to get one of these for my house !
 After perusing the market to find a kettle that : a -RRB- is indestructibly builtb -RRB- does n't shriek -LRB- for sensitive ears -RRB- c -RRB- is large enough to fill a number of cupsd -RRB- is aesthetically pleasing ... I stumbled across this one , and I 'm absolutely thrilled with it , enough so to sit down and write this glowing review.A caveat to new buyers re . the different models of this kettle ! I originally purchased the 4-hole model with a stainless lid . Alas , the whistle was defective and sounded like a normal train shriek -LRB- when it worked at all -RRB- . OXO was absolutely gracious via their consumer help line and immediately sent me a completely new replacement -LRB- received within a week of phoning -RRB- . This model has the 3-hole spout and all-black lid , and it works exactly as promised , with a harmonic tone that 's attention-getting but very pleasant . The whistle alone is worth the whole pot - it 's a tone rather than a whistle.The design is lovely and works very well with my Danish Modern household . Great useability . No risk of burning oneself due to the really clever self-lifting spout lid . The handle is wide , but I do n't feel it obscures the top opening more than any other kettle . I 'm a spout-filler , though -LRB- sorry purists -RRB- , so that 's a matter of taste . The trademark OXO grippy grip feels wonderfully secure in your hand , which is important when toting boiling water over guests ' laps.Best kettle I 've ever had ! I 'm getting them for all my gift needs this year .
 we got our kettle about 6 months ago . adore it , adore the throaty train style whistle . we were very sad when the whistle slowly deteriorated until becoming a soft almost inaudible hum you could sort of hear if you closed your eyes and concentrated really hard . so we called oxo customer service . within one week -LRB- 1 WEEK , and not one of those 7 working days weeks - a long weekend over presidents day week -RRB- a brand new kettle was delivered to our home . we love our new kettle . we 'll let you know if the problem recurs , but i doubt it will . i have faith . and i will remember not to use higher than medium heat under our kettle . because oxo said to .
 I wish the whistle was a little louder , but it serves its purpose and that is to boil water ! :-RRB- I do n't think you need anything fancy to do that .
 This pot is one beatifully architected masterpiece . The `` rustic orange '' color lights up our tiny kitchen , livening up the corner of the stove and creating a cool focal point!Thanks Oxo for a nice-looking , affordable pot . Hopefully its performance stands up to its great look !
 I got this kettle via E-Bay about 9 years ago . It still works well . I opened the lid the other day -LRB- a rarity because I usually fill it through the spout -RRB- and found rust deposited on the bottom . Filled the kettle with water , about 3 Tbsp of baking soda , and 2 Tbsp of lemon juice , and then let it boil for about 1/2hour . The rust is totally gone and the kettle looks good as new . I think the instructions say not to let water sit in the kettle for long periods to prevent rust , but that seems ridiculous . I also use Bartender 's Friend on the outside to keep it shiny -LRB- I have the polished stainless version -RRB- . I did n't realize how well-made this kettle is until I started looking for a new one -LRB- before figuring out how to get rid of the rust -RRB- . There is a rubber gasket around the very solid lid that keeps steam from escaping through the lid -LRB- unless the kettle is overfilled - then water and steam spurt out through the lid -RRB- . It 's possible to take the lid off while the kettle is hot because it is heatproof plastic . The handle always stays cool . It is easy to fill the kettle through the spout - it takes a bit of practice to get the angle just right , but it becomes automatic after that . The whistle is a loud low hum that I 've come to prefer over more shrill traditional whistles . The whistle mechanism is heavy and sturdy - other kettles with lighter whistles do n't work as well because steam escapes around the whistling mechanism rather than through it . Guests do find the kettle tricky to pour at first . After looking around I might eventually get the enameled version of this kettle -LRB- it comes in orange ! -RRB- to get rid of the rust issue , but I 'll stick with this brand and model .
 Mine is the brushed Stainless Steel one . I 've also used the KitchenAid Gourmet Essentials 2-Quart Tea Kettle which is also a great kettle.I use mine for green tea and coffee via the Melitta pour over method . With 2 cups of water in it , mine gets to a water temperature of approximately 190 degrees in about in about 4 minutes and the whistle is loud enough to hear over a TV but not annoying.The spout opens by holding the handle and either flicking your wrist upwards or holding the kettle at a 45 degree angle.One thing to be aware of is the brushed stainless steel model does get discolored easily on the outside and starts to tarnish after moderate use , turning a very light hint of yellowish-brown towards the bottom.The handle does get slightly warm as well after its up to temperature to cause the whistle to go off but its in no way too hot.Oxo makes great products and this kettle looks very stylish and feels very solid . Only downsides IMO is the tarnishing on the exterior of the brushed stainless steel model and warming of the handle .
 I can only echo what other reviewers have said about this teakettle . What I can add , is OXO really backs their products . The whistle fell into a cup of tea one afternoon , and after a phone call to their customer service department , I was pleasantly surpised to receive a new teakettle in a matter of days . Some of OXO 's items are a little more expensive than some other manufacturers , but the company fully backs all their products . That makes everything from OXO a bargain in my eyes .
 We 've owned this kettle for over a year . My father is very hard of hearing , however , he can hear the whistle on this tea kettle as it is a lower tone and sounds like a train . He can not hear the typical high pitch whistle that comes on typical tea kettles . We have been very happy with this product .
 Amusing to see the disparity between happy owners of this product and the really silly reviews that slam the product.In the first place OXO guarantees satisfaction so the place to take a complaint is to the excellent customer service that is highly rated by several reviewers . It is a pretty neat warranty ; `` like our product or we will replace or refund your money '' . Try that with your car , refrigerator or next $ 50 dinner in a restaurant.It happens to be a very cool handle and functional design , but any handle will over heat and even melt if you let the flames lick up the sides of the kettle . The materials in this kettle are superior to cheaper kettles on the market that usually burn out in less than a year of normal use . The handle is designed for ease of use and easy pouring.The whistle on mine works fine . I suppose those who complained about shrill or other unpleasant noises from the whistle would not understand that if it were melodic and pleasant nobody would pay much attention to it when water reaches boiling and heat should be turned off . It 's supposed to be a warning signal heard throughout the house
 This is a great coffee scoop , and we have tried many many scoops . Very high quality , nice heavy scoop , excellent firm grip material on the handle , like all of the other Good Grips products . Some coffee scoops hold 1 tablespoon , others hold 2 tablespoons . This one holds 2 , which is good in other family , because it reduces the number of scoops needed when making coffee . The flat edge on the scoop makes it very easy press the edge against the inside of the coffee bag to reduce the mess when pulling a full scoop out of the coffee bag . I know it 's just a coffee scoop , but it has made our mornings a little brighter ! Highly recommended .
 This scoop holds two tablespoons . The handle is very easy to hold even for those with difficulty grasping or gripping things .
 My friend got me these for my bridal shower . Now every time we ave a girls night we use these . They are super cute and very durable ! I would highly recommend them !
 this item certainly was not packaged with any consideration of hygiene . As a matter of fact , it was not ` packaged ' at all . Thus , we have a combination of Chinese -LRB- country of origin -RRB- germs , Amazon germs and middleman germs . At the very least , this brush should have been packed in a cheap plastic bag . Not a very auspicious start for this highly rated item ...
 Better than expeected . Perfect for my pastries !
 I have two of these brushes , they are very comfortable & easy to use.I havent had any problems with the handle but i have had problems with the bristles . I always have to check & recheck that i have gotten all the bristles that have fallen out.I have baked a cake & decorated it only to find bristels in it.Although i know what they are , if their not found in the pan before putting your batter in , someone could think it was a hair.A really thick hair but you wouldnt want someone to find one in your cooking .
 The natural boar bristles are the first clue that this brush is a `` quality '' product . Only the finest brushes have them . Leave it to OXO to bring us a pastry brush of this quality . Works well and is easy to clean . The soft , black rubber `` Good Grips '' handle is a joy to work with for those of us with arthritis or carple tunnel syndrome . This pastry brush belongs in every kitchen and the price is a modest for a product of this design and overall quality .
 this is our second one - we have two for different purposes . when we use it to brush on oil , butter , etc. , we find loose hairs either on the food or in the liquid and they 're hard to find since the hairs are almost clear . other than that , it works as it should .
 I have been looking for a Tea server for awhile now , I drink a lot of high quality organic green and black tea so I needed a good high quality tea server to compliment them . This design is simple but works well . It is very strong , and easy to clean . When pouring the tea it flows nicely without making a mess . The design of the lid has a small notch on the end side of the handle which prevents the lid from falling off when pouring your tea.The quality of the china i would say is high quality . It is very smooth , and has a solid high quality feel to it . It also cleans very easily .
 This OXO Dough cutter came with a pastry brush and cutter.The cushion hand grip makes it fit comfortably in your hand.The dough cutter is a handy item but , the brush is a must .
 Excellent product ! I use this several times a week when making biscuits . Great for any pastry dough that needs butter/lard/shortening mixed with flour . Very easy to clean and the handle makes it easy to grab and use .
 My wife had been wanting one of these for a long time now ! I reaped the rewards from her being sooo happy in the ease of use !
 I have used one of these for 15 years . The grip is far more comfortable than the ones with metal handles , and the rounded wires do not cut or bother your fingers when you wipe off the excess shortening or butter -LRB- like others with flat metal cutting edges do -RRB- . It works better than others I 've had , it 's easier to wash -LRB- because of the rounded wires -RRB- and it appears to be indestructible . When my daughter went off to college , she asked me to send her one so she could make pies and crumbles . I gave her mine , thinking it would be easy to replace it . I could n't find it in any local stores -LRB- and many inferior versions were actually more expensive -RRB- , so I ordered it here .
 My hands no longer cramp up from trying to cut shortening/butter into my flour with 2 butter knives !! Making biscuits is no longer a tedious chore !! Now at least once a week we have `` scratch '' biscuits in less than 20 minutes !! Easy clean up also .
 It 's very hard to find a nice dough blender and this one is really nice . The grip is wonderful and it cuts down that pie crust making time in half . This is a real Godsend during the holidays when you 're making all those cookies and cutting in the butter , as well as all your pies . My only complaint is that one of the tines bent a little but other than that , I have no problems with it and use it quite frequently . I became quite weary of using a fork to cut in my dough and actually got lazy and tossed it all into my Kitchenaid mixer before I bought this blender . It washes up beautifully in the dishwasher and is basically something EVERYONE needs to have in their kitchen .
 This tool makes it so much easier to make dough for biscuits , no more cramped hands ! You 'll never go back to the `` two knives '' method again ! It 's also incredibly easy to clean , I just stick it in the dishwasher . So far , so good ! Highly recommend !
 I 've used this several time now for making crumb-toppings and simple shortbread-type doughs , and it works quite well as long as the recipe calls for soft butter ; it seemed a little lightweight when using cold butter , so I 'll continue doing that by hand .
 I 'm a loyal fan of the OXO Good Grips line . I bought this OXO dough blender to replace an old one I had become frustrated with because it had a wooden handle that had become loose . I 've used my new OXO dough blender once so far , and it 's exactly what I was looking for .
 Easy to use ... even for my arthritic hands . Even my 7 year old could cut in the butter like a pro ! Easy to clean . The wires did separate a bit , but it does n't affect its ability to cut through the butter/dough with ease .
 you should ` nt really have a problem with the wire flexibility . I like this one ! It 's comfortable , reliable , economical and cleans up easily . Find a better one that meets all those criteria -LRB- if you can -RRB- .
 The OXO pastry blender is , in basic shape , much like any other pastry blender
 I bake many types of scones and pastries that demand perfect blending . That means the fat and flour must be blended well , but not overblended . This tool has taken a lot of the hard work and time out of the old way of using two knives in scissors action . The overall balance to weight ratio is excellent ; the handle is a good diameter and width , and the tines are spaced apart nicely . The design of the tines makes reaching all parts of the bowl to pick up flour a breeze . Cleanup is easy since you can toss it into the diswasher without fear of rust . I highly recommend this product from novice to pro .
 I 've had cheap dough blenders before , and the blades always ended out pushed out of line from the butter or from the dough itself ... and they were impossible to clean ! But the OXO Good Grips is fabulous ... the blades do n't move , so your cutting is always right on and even , and because it 's so sturdy , the blending is done in no time ! It cleans easily -- just toss it in the dishwasher . And the famous OXO grip makes it easy to hold and does n't hurt your hand . Much better than cheapo dough cutters , and you 'll never use the two-knife system again .
 There 's not that much to say , is there ? This dough blender works perfectly . It 's much faster and more comfortable than the old `` two knives '' method . And it 's sure easier to clean than a food processor . For making biscuits , pie or tart crust , or any other kind of baked pastry product , it 's a great tool to have . It costs less than $ 10 , so if you 're thinking about getting it , stop thinking and do it.A tip
 For me , a person who does n't need something like this all that much , this was just perfect . It has a low price and is very comfortable to use . It works effectively and I have had it for about 2 years . In that time I have had to use it several times and it has worked well even on a dough that was mostly shredded cheddar cheese with a bit of flour . That kind of dough I would think is harder to work with than a regular dough and this worked just fine.I do n't know how this would hold up under daily use or in a professional setting . In a home setting with an occasional user like myself this has been wonderful . It has cleaned up very well which was a wonderful surprise . The grip was very comfortable even on the stiff cheddar cheese dough.This is the kind of item that stored reletively easily and is nice to have in case you need it . For the price this is a great one to own .
 I originally wanted this turner for use as a spatula when I wanted to stir , mix , scrape bowls , and serve other typical rubber spatula purposes . Now that I have it , I use it for everything.The fact that it can withstand 400 degrees means that it gets used around here to remove things from the oven rack -LRB- pizza is a favorite -RRB- and stir pots of hot syrup -LRB- for that all-important Christmas candy -RRB- . It 's quite large so it can be used to flip grilled cheese sandwiches and the like.I 've used this in sauces which often stain rubber spatulas and it 's come out of the dishwasher without a trace of color . This is probably the most versatile utensil in my kitchen and I heartily recommend it .
 This product has so many plusses ... It is heat safe to 400 degrees -LRB- you can get some rated higher , but this has been fine for me -RRB- . . it is light weight but stong enough to stir and turn food with out bending . It is dishwasher safe and cleans up great . I have had mine a few months as there are not stains on it and it still looks perfect.It a great overall tool and pretty inexpensive . I like it much better than other tools i have gotten that were non-stick safe . It is sturdier and wont melt in a pot . It is good for stirring altho i think the one with two rounded edges is a bit better for stirring
 Does every thing it advertised plus . I use it everday wish I had one just a little smaller that I would give five stars .
 It 's a big spatula , firm , well made , quite a stiff blade , and ideally suited for things like cake baking . Recommended .
 If you have stainless faucets , limited counter space , and dislike liquid soap , this is an excellent product . The finish and design look beautiful and its design is practical
 The Rev-a Shelf , 38 '' Half Moon Tray is an excellent product , for those who do n't like to get down on their knees , and search for pots and pans , in a blind corner cabinet . It was easy to install and comes with good installation instructions and templates .
 I bought this whisk to use at culinary school . I 've only used it one day and I already love it . It 's very easy to handle . The grip is the perfect size and shape for my hand . Plus it 's a nice sturdy whisk for making emulsions and sauces . I highly recommend this whisk .
 I received this as a gift , and after one use I promptly gave my old whisk to goodwill . This is the best whisk ! The handle is a perfect size , very comfortable to grip . The whisk just moves perfectly around the bowl and through the ingredients .
 I bought this OXO Good Grips whisk in the 11 '' size thinking it would be good for many uses . I did n't want to get too dinky of one and this one definitely is n't dinky ! Good big size , nice grip -LRB- like all the good grips line -RRB- . I highly recommend .
 I 'm not going to lie to you and say that this is something which i use everyday . . If I use it once a year , consider that enough . I bought it however because I needed one and got it in the mail today . It is fantastic ! It wreeks quality and I know I 'll have it for a long time . I love the rubber handle . It is easy on my hands ...
 Well , I own a bigger whisk so I guess that 's what I was expecting . Like all their other products , it is well made and the handle is comfortable . I 'll use this as a spare .
 Excellent whisk ! Nice soft feel and most importantly does exactly what it should do ... Recommended
 I have an OXO Good Grips French Whisk . My other -LRB- KitchenAid - GARBAGE ! -RRB- balloon whisk broke . I loved my other OXO so much , I ordered this . It 's very inexpensive for how well it 's constructed . I 've used it about 15 times now for various use , and I love it . It 's very broad , even for a balloon whisk.Highly recommended .
 I love this wisk . Great quality and I love the gripper handle . Fast shipping and excellent packaging . Item as described and shown . Highly recommend . Plan on buying another size .
 It works ! I bought it for someone so they could whisk eggs and it 's a bit too big ... but it works for other things !
 Love this whisk !!!!! Made well and does it 's job properly . I would gladly recommend this to anyone I know . You can get this at BBB for a bit cheaper with 20 % coupon .
 This is the best whisk I 've every used . It is very comfortable to use with the handle and works like a charm . It gets the job done much faster than my other whisks .
 After making a number of poor choices I finally hit on a good product in this OXO Whisk . The handle is very easy to grip and we find that the 11 inch size is perfect when making sauces in a Saucier pan . Quality seems to be very good ... we are happy with this one !
 This item seems to be strong and sturdy . I expect it to last a long time . I like it because the handle does n't slip out of my hand .
 Nice whisk , light weight , easy to use . I have n't tried it in the dishwasher , but it hand washes very nice -- no crevices for food to get stuck in .
 I got two of these ; different sizes . They are well made and feel good in the hand ; your hand will not cramp during a long stir and wo n't slip off either . the handle is very comfortable .
 This whisk works extremely well , and feels good in your hand . I have really given it a workout during the holidays-and I really love it . I have a little arthritis in my wrist and this tool made things much easier for me .
 Anything you could ever need from a whisk , mixes stuff , easy to clean , and not too hard on the eyes .
 I will not buy anything but OXO products - very high quality . Makes all tasks painless for my arthritic fingers .
 The product arrived on time and in the condition described . This is the best whisk I 've ever had . It works very well , and it cleans up easily .
 This whisk makes the work effortless ! De-lumping sauces a breeze , whipping cream quick and MUCK quicker ! Wish I 'd gotten 2
 Whisks are something it seems we can never have too many of ; although , we have made do with only one for the last several years . Finally decided to get another one and used America 's Test Kitchen testing in our decision making . This was their top rated balloon whisk.It is nicely made , very sturdy , and cleans up easily . A simple , but very necessary tool .
 Has a nice feel in the hand and works great . Cleaning is very simple and it seems to take to the dishwasher very well .
 needed a new whisk and this thing is as good as advertised . If you need one , get this or the nylon one .
 This a nice item . I 've used it plenty of times and its quality made.I would recommend it.OK I need more words for this review they are telling me . Its a whisk !
 This whisk is really well-made and so far I am really pleased with its usage in my kitchen . It is very sturdy and does a good job !
 When shopping for a whisk last year I was tempted to get a somewhat cheaper one , until my husband pointed out that this one was particularly well-made , and the ferrule joined seamlessly with the wires -- which meant no food residue trapped inside , easier cleaning and no rusting . Trust me , not all whisks have wires sealed in at the base!Well , he was right . The contoured , easy-grip handle is a bonus . This whisk is so stury , I doubt I will ever have to buy another . It 's also a good medium size , versatile for eggs and everything else I 've ever needed a whisk for . Perfect !
 I love this whisk . It has a large grip that is easy on the hand and it is very well weighted . The steel is very high quality and a wonder to clean . I make more salad dressings and french toast just to use my whisk ! I really recommend buying this tool . It 's great !
 As Norah Jones is singing something about love being a lost balloon , I am sitting here contemplating the sheer beauty of this whisk . Not only is this my new favorite whisk , it is truly well made . While making a custard filling for caramel &eacute;clairs -LRB- you know those magical &eacute;clairs in the Simply Irresistible movie -RRB- I found that the balloon shape and the way the wires adapt themselves to the shape of a saucepan was highly desirable.For one thing , you do n't want any clumping in a sauce or custard and things do tend to get clumpy if you ca n't get into the inner edge of a saucepan . With a bit of pressure , you can whisk into every inch of a saucepan . This is not always possible with a plastic whisk which is definitely not as flexible.The handle on this whisk makes it easy to keep a grip and OXO is known for their ergonomic considerations . I think of it as an almost suede rubber that is not only comfortable to hold , it allows your hand to grip the handle more firmly.Now the reason the 10 stainless-steel wires are so sturdy is because they are sealed into the base with a clear resin material . This also prevents food from building up and I throw this whisk in the dishwasher without fear.If you bang the wires against your hand you can see how sturdy this whisk is and I can almost imagine that somewhere in the world someone is using this whisk as a musical instrument . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I could n't decide between the 9 '' or 11 '' , but I bought this one first to see if it would work for smaller jobs . I still may get a 9 '' non-balloon whisk , but more because I use my whisk a lot and hate cleaning by hand in between dishwasher runs . This whisk is perfect for baking because it aerates so well and is sturdy and comfortable . It does n't work as well on just one or two eggs , but I still use it for now . The big plusses about this particular whisk are the handle and construction . As with all OXO good grip products , it is sturdy , comfy , and looks great.The all stainless steel handle looks much nicer than this rubber one , but do n't even think about it unless you 're whisking something watery for only a couple minutes . When i 'm preparing egg whites or baking , the handle makes a huge difference so I can continuously whisk . If you are planning to whisk egg whites at all , make sure you get a good grips whisk , whatever the size and shape . Also , a rounded , uncoated , copper bowl is mandatory .
 Nice large size . Very comfy handle . Dishwasher safe . My old whisk had 5 wire loops that would jam into each other and bend funny -LRB- piece of junk -RRB- . The Good Grips 11 '' balloon whisk has 10 wire loops that do n't come into contact with each other , allowing for more thorough whisking . The plug in the handle where the wire loops go though is heavily sealed , keeping it very sanitary . It 's really durable . It can whip up a half a dozen eggs in a big mixing bowl super quick -LRB- that 's the most I 've tried -- I 'm sure it can do more -RRB- . Also great for large gravy making at Thanksgiving . Other than discoloration of the wire loops -LRB- after much use and dishwasher cleanings -RRB- it still looks and feels new .
 I use this for small jobs that I do n't want to get a hand mixer our for . I love the fact that it is metal and not nylon , but I wish the very end had a bit of a pointed tip . It would make it much more useful when making gravy on a saucepan on the stove . Other than that , it is great and makes awesome pancakes and scrambled eggs .
 This is great and covers all needs and I use it for everything from eggs to whatever - beautifully made and cleans well
 I did n't like my old whisk because it would slowly rust and come apart at the handle . This one does not do that .
 I love OXO products because of their great handles . Even if you do n't have arthritis or other hand problems they are easy to hold and do not slip when wet .
 Another great product from OXO Good Grips . As the other reviewers have suggested , its a very sturdy whisk and easy to clean .
 Although I think is a little bulky , which I knew and still bought it , it is a very good whisk and is nice to have it in my kitchen . I use it once in a while .
 A perfect balloon whisk consists of
 Even though this seemed like a lot to pay for a whisk at first , after I got it and used it , it seemed like a bargain . The handle was so much easier on my hand than other whisks and it 's very well made . I highly recommend this whisk .
 This is the perfect whisk -- the tines stay true and strong , it cuts through heavy batter with ease but whips cream into air , the handle never slips out of my hand ... I could go on . After 14 + years and approximately 1,000,000 trips through the dishwasher , the rubber base DOES eventually separate from the business end , and allow liquids to seep into the handle . No matter . It 's such a reasonably-priced item in comparison I hardly consider that a negative .
 This whisk seems to be well built and sturdy . It has a little weight to it , which I like . The grip fits well in my hand and the material is easy to hold , unlike some of the smooth plastic grips . It is not the least expensive whisk you will find , but it does seem to be worth the extra money .
 The handle is great and the whisk pieces actually move to contour to the bowl . This is by far the best whisk I have ever owned .
 ... but since I 'm lazy and this is dishwasher safe , it wins by default . Well made and works great . Use it to whip your eggs into shape !
 OXO is known for its quality and this product does n't disappoint . The whisk is well-constructed and the design is exactly as you 'd expect . I highly recommend this product .
 I have purchased several types of whisks in the past year , and this by far is my favorite . It is very well made , feels sturdy in the hand . The grip is padded and thick enough to get a good hold on it , causing much less fatigue during use . I have had multiple surgeries on my hands , yet I find this whisk very easy to use .
 OXO never disappoints with their products and this is no exception . This whisk works great , it feels comfortable in the hand and has just enough give . I made two batches of caramel sauce with this and after the first batch seized up on me it was not hard to wash the hardened crystals off the rungs . That makes this whisk a winner !
 I love OXO products ! Whenever I replace an cooking utensil or get something new I always look for OXO . The whisk is sturdy and of course the handle is comfortable as with any OXO product I have .
 I did n't choose the whisk life it chose me . I am known for my shakes -LRB- hand shaking , that is -RRB- . I 'm not talking about the greeting , but rather my Essential Tremors . Most of my siblings have this unfortunate gene , but I am the one who gets called out for it most often . I have acquired the nick name `` The Shakiest Gun in the West '' ; people always ask me if I 'm scared or cold ; my dreams of becoming a world renown surgeon has been shattered ; I ca n't even draw a perfect line in art class . I thought I was hopeless , until that one faithful morning . I woke up early , one Saturday , to get my dose of Sonic the Hedgehog , Power Rangers , and Pok&eacute;mon ; but , before the toons , I had to fuel up . I went to check the kitchen for some raw energy . I found some eggs and bread . I cracked the eggs in a bowl and out the bread in the toaster . All the forks were dirty , so I had to use a whisk . I broke out the good ole Balloon Whisk and got to work . I noticed that my whisky ability was very powerful , and I could whisk the eggs up in about 5 seconds . That 's when I discovered my super power . I can whisk anything at a high power . I am no longer The Shakiest Gun in the West , but rather the Quick Whisk . And , just like Thor wields Mj&ouml;lnir and Aragorn handles And&uacute;ril , I carry the OXO Whisk of Justice . Even though , I have n't found a way to use my powers against criminals , I have found a way to rid of the pettier things . If you have some pesky ants that continue to make a hill on your lawn , I can whisk away their evil doings in a flash . Also , if you think cobwebs in your house is a problem , just give me a ring , and I 'll be over quicker than I can whisk . I also work at social events and birthday parties . It 's a whisk-y business , but someone 's got to do it .
 I have a rather small whisk for eggs and a slightly larger one that I use a lot , but the handle broke off my larger one recently , so was time for a new one . I always check America 's Test Kitchen to see what they recommend and they said this one , so got it . It is really nice and easy to use . Comfortable handle .
 Good rubber handle with excellent weight . A good whisk has a good handle weight to allow it to pivot close to the hand/wrist allowing for a whipping motion to aerate whatever you are whisking . Cheap whisks have hollow metal handles that lack this heaviness.Rubber on the handle also gives great grip when whisking heavier things such as eggs or heavy cream . Have n't been disappointed with OXO yet .
 This risk makes whipping cream a breeze . We ate ` real whipped cream ' throughout the holiday . Everyone enjoyed taking a turn with the whisk
 This is a sturdy , well-designed product , just what I would expect from OXO . Food does n't get stuck in the area where the wires meet the handle and nothing on it rusts . To be honest , I do n't use it much so I ca n't comment on how it holds up to heavy use . But it feels sturdy .
 At 50-something , my hands are beginning to ache , but I still cook , though sometimes I get my son to open jars for me . This whisk is great because it is soft on the hand and does n't require much pressure to control it . It also happens to be a great whisk , doing what a whisk should do and doing it well . Then , when you are done , you can pop it on the top rack to clean . What more could you ask for ?
 I threw my other whisks away . If/When this one wears out I will replace it with another OXO Good Grips.I use this product.I love this product.I recommend this product .
 This was a great whisk for mixing something in a medium to large sized bowl . The grip fitted great . I would recommend this as a kitchen essential .
 My family goes through a lot of tea . I drink about a gallon a day and my husband drinks about 2/3 gallon a day . This is a lot of tea-making since I use regular sugar and he uses a generic sweetener.I also use it to make pancakes , scrambled eggs , and sauces.It is very sturdy and works great in my hands when they hurt with arthritis . The grip is sturdy and very easy to hold on to.I will be watching it for any wear and tear , and when I need to I will get another on.This is a GREAT product and I 'm so glad that I found it .
 This balloon whisk , purchased from Amazon , is what I needed for larger and more weighty ingredients . I already had a small and medium size which I use frequently but knew that because I have severe arthritis in my hands I would need an ergonomic handle . It 's very comfortable , does the job and I recommend it for those with or without arthritis .
 I own several wisks -LRB- and spatulas and small pans -RRB- due to usually having pancakes or french toast for breakfast and sauces or desert filling for dinner . This is the # 1 selling wisk at Amazon likely because it is a good size -LRB- handling a single egg to cooking for a small army -RRB- , with more wires than most but which are well spread out -LRB- so food is less likely to get stuck in it -RRB- , well weighted , very well made with the wires sealed into the handle with a clear resin -LRB- not being built this is way is why the last one needed to be thrown out -RRB- , by a well-know manufacturer , with an easy grip handle -LRB- so you wo n't drop it even if you have wet hands -RRB- , for a good price . And , I would n't buy anything that was n't dishwasher safe . This is now my first go to wisk . Highly recommended .
 This is a very nicely built whisk , especially considering the price . The wires are bonded well to the handle , which is easy to grip and feels sturdy . The whisk performs well and is easy to clean . Nicely sized -- not too big , not too small . While you can spend a lot more for a more elegant or fancy looking tool , this gets the job done just as well , and appears built to last.I have a few other OXO kitchen tools and they have never let me down . This is no exception -- a great value , and highly recommended .
 I am a fan of OXO products and this whisk is no exception . Very well made and the handle has nice feel . This whisk is kept in a jar with my other frequently used kitchen tools so it can be quickly accessed .
 This is a great whisk . I use it almost every day and I think it 's going to hold up really well for a long time . I 've put it in the dishwasher numerous times and it has n't hurt it at all . The other day I found my six year old son using it outside to stir up his mud pies . Despite the drama that ensued , the whisk did n't seem to be hurt at all and is as good as new after going through the dishwasher . I figured it would be worth reviewing if it can hold up to that . This whisk is definitely a good buy .
 This whisk is great ! It is much better than I expected and better than any other whisk I have owned . It is good quality and easy to hold . I just bought a second one and am throwing out my 2 old bent out of shape rusty bottomed ones .
 I generally love OXO stuff for the ergonomics , and this one does n't disappoint . I 've mostly used it for combining first dry then wet ingredients when baking .
 I really enjoy using my OXO whisk . It is much more sturdy than my old one from many years ago . It has taken the place of my large mixing spoons for whenever I have to stir/combine ingredients . So I would say that I use it several evenings a week for cooking dinner rather than the less frequent times I used my old one , which I used mainly just for stirring eggs since it was not as sturdy . This is a great stirring product and the OXO one is just perfect and feels good in my hand .
 What I love most about this whisk is the fact that it wo n't slip into the bowl when you put it to the side to add ingredients . The rubber handle stops it from going anywhere . Nothing worse than trying to dig a utensil out of batter . Great wide whisk as well . It is my go-to kitchen item .
 Great product . Fits well in the hand and the grip is excellent . Easy to clean . But do n't try to save the world yet . You need a bowl to hold all the love you are going to whip up .
 I 've been downsizing and cooking for one of late and as I was thinning the drawers and crocks of kitchen gadgets it struck me - out of the many and some not so mighty , this is the * last * whisk left.So how is this whisk special ? It handles a single egg or a box of cake mix . The handle is comfortable to hold and weighted just enough that it does n't tire my hand or wrist - even with severe arthritis . It 's large enough not to get totally lost in a bigger bowl but small enough to work efficiently in a tighter bowl too . The tines are n't flimsy - they keep their shape while you are whipping away . Easy cleanup in the dishwasher . Ca n't think of a single thing I 'd change.Last whisk standing.Highly recommended .
 I do n't exactly know what to say . I 'm a 24 year old bachelor , so I do n't know exactly what to look for . That aside , I have n't seen anything glaring in the design . If has worked as it was intended to . The price was right , and it was conveniently brought to my door . No complaints .
 I have used this wisk for a while and it has n't given me any troubles . It 's strong and well made and now that I am moving out on my own and need utensils of my own , I 've decided to buy the same wisk I 've used for years , cause I know it wo n't let me down . Worth a little extra cause it 'll last forever .
 A whisk is not a complicated device so there is not much I can say about the performance of the whisk . There is a lot I can say about the comfort of this whisk.It has a great grip and is very easy to hold in either your left or right hand . I mention that last part because I am left-handed and my wife is right-handed -LRB- a wee touch of humor -RRB- . The whisk portion is stainless steel and the handle is the classic Oxo good grip anti-slip material.The wire whisk portion has good flexibility and should do a fine job . We have yet to be disappointed with an Oxo product and do n't expect that to change .
 This whisk is well balanced allowing for easy whisking . It has withstood many runs through the dishwasher without collecting water in the handle like other whisks I have owned . Now I just need a smaller version to go with this one !
 LOVE it . . Very comfortable , sturdy , well made and clean design . The wires have just enough flex but they are n't all over the place . I keep it with my OXO batter bowl and together they have to be my favorite kitchen tools . I ca n't say enough positive things about it , just a perfect tool for the job .
 After reading a review of kitchen equipment on the `` serious eats '' blog I decided to pick up the OXO 11 '' balloon whisk . Just like the review said , this whisk is light-weight and with the rubber handle very easy to handle . Unlike the whisk I had been using , which was a tad on the heavy side , this is a breeze to use . Cheap too !
 This is such a great whisk ! I have had it for almost six months and not a spot of rust . The wires are sealed making this a cinch to clean and it stays looking new . It is light weight and the wires have great spacing making it perfect for mixing just about anything . The handle is comfortable as well . Since this purchase I have n't used any of my other whisks !
 Like all other Oxo Good Grips kitchen utils & gadgets this balloon whisk is very durable and works very fine . It is easy to handle and whisks perfectly thanks to its dense wires , its size is also perfect ...
 I love my new whisk . The product fits nicely into my hand . I love the handle , which is more comfortable than the traditional metal handle . The whisk does an excellant job mixing my ingredients , such as eggs or heavy whipping cream . The wires stay in place , not ending up bent like the cheaper brands . The whisk is dishwasher safe . This kitchen tool makes cooking less of a chore for me .
 i bought the ijoy 100 -LRB- in RED -RRB- two years ago -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and have sat in it almost every day since then . the chair design is quite nice ... not massive , which is great for living in small spaces , and it 's a funky cherry red color , so it adds a bit of flare to the room . i rarely use it as just a chair -LRB- it 's upstairs in my bedroom -RRB- so i wouldnt say it should replace a chair in your living room for lounging.with almost two years of constant use , it practically looks brand new ! i would recommend this chair to anyone who gets tight back muscles and/or likes a firm massage . i use it as a stress reliever and to work out tight/sore muscles after i workout . this is one of the best gifts you can buy for yourself or someone else . i used to always have a tight upper back -LRB- i tend to hold tension in my back -RRB- and now ... i just plop down in the ijoy for 15 min before work or before i go to bed and voila ! i feel amazing.and ladies
 I bought my iJoy around Christmastime 2008 for my husband , and I 'm glad I spent the money.At first I thought I 'd spent too much , but the chair delivers . How glad I was I had the thing when he got sick later , and afterward , now that he 's all healed.It 's a great gift that my whole family loves -- including kids and visitors that come over and sit in it.The iJoy gives a strong massage , and it 's low and nice like a gaming chair.I put pillows in it when I 'm not using the massage function so it will be more comfortable.Excellent .
 Recently started making bread dough , this is a necessity . Have n't thought about this tool since Home Ec class about a hundred years ago !
 I purchased this in December , and found out how handy it would come in when preparing a cheese and sausage platter for our guests . It is sharp enough that I used it to slice through hard cheeses and the sausage . It is also great for chopping up veggies , apples , nuts , anything you want to chop up ! Wish I had bought one long ago . : -RRB-
 I bought this utensil primarily as a scraper for prep cleanup.Had seen it used a few times on cooking shows as a dough cutter , which I plan on using it for also . Was surprised to see that the cutting edge has an etched measuring line . Takes the place of a ruler when measuring dough cuts . Very good idea .
 I cook a lot and chop a lot of vegetables and was always dropping half of them on the floor ! Then I got this scraper and now I chop all I want and in one quick swipe I 'm done . Highly recommend this product .
 This is a great tool for anyone who chops a ton of veggies . Just scoop the veggies up and pop them into the pan . Not to mention it helps speed up cooking .
 I purchased this for my home . It is well worth the price.I use it for chopping veggies and it works great .
 I HAD NO IDEA HOW OFTEN I WOULD USE THIS . I BELIEVED IT WOULD BE SOMETHING FOR PEOPLE MORE PROFESSIONAL THAN MYSELF . I ORDERED BECAUSE A COOKIE RECIPE I HAD SUGGESTED IT . I AM GLAD THAT I DID BECAUSE IT HAS COME IN SO HANDY FOR SO MANY THINGS .
 So far I have used this scraper/chopper to divide dough into portions for rolls . It works perfectly for that task . It is sturdy and comfortable in the hand , and the inch marks along the edge seem like they will come in handy . Cleanup was a breeze , too !
 This scraper feels very sturdy and well-made . The grip is rubberized and fits my smaller hands well . The blade is substantial , not flimsy , but it still works well for cleaning up dough . The etched numbers are nice as well . I do n't expect that I will have to replace this any time soon .
 I purchased this item thinking I 'd never use it , instead I use it frequently while baking . The 6 inch ruler is extremely helpful . The blade goes easily through a mound of dough . It is easy for my hands to manage -- important for a tool that 's going to be used by aging hands .
 I love this tool ! It was so easy to separate the large batch of bread dough into the portions needed for each loaf . It is easy to use and easy to clean . I wish I had one years ago !
 thought it would be a bit sharper but it is a very nice scraper it will do the job . very sturdy
 heavier than expected . Very good when chopping/diceing vegetables to transfer them to pot from cutting board .
 I have never found an OXO item that I did not love , and this bench scrape is no exception . It is made from a fine grade of stainless steel with a perfect edge . It is not sharp enough to cut a klutz like me , but it picks up every morsel perfectly well.The handle is the standard OXO Good Grips material and is very comfortable in the hand . It is sealed very well to the stainless steel so there is no worry of water getting in between . I like having this rubbery handle , as opposed to the ones I 've seen with the rolled stainless steel handle , because it is easier to grip .
 Anyone who bakes should have this item in their kitchen . I love it , it makes working with dough so much easier !
 This tool is great for breads and cookies . I like the measurement guide on one side of the blade . Works well for my use for over a year .
 I do n't know how I ever managed without this in my life . It comes in handy for so many uses everyone should have one !!
 Very nice product . Does n't rust like someone else said . It fits my hand perfectly and makes handling dough less of a chore . Wish I 'd bought one earlier .
 This is a great tool in the kitchen . I now have two of them -LRB- two different kitchens -RRB- and love it . Best product of its type I 've used . Highly recommend .
 This scraper comes in handy for so many things . I mostly use it for putting chopped foods into whatever I am cooking , but I do use it for baking and sometimes measuring . I tend to get this out when I start cooking without even thinking about it.I have started rolling out biscuit dough into a square and using this scraper to cut it into square biscuits . Not that it takes much time with a biscuit cutter , but it goes faster and I only roll out the dough once -LRB- better biscuits -RRB- . This also makes handling doughs easier than trying to use both hands . I 've also used it to slice cookie dough and it works great.I like the handle a lot . It 's easy to hold and use.This is not the most innovative item for the kitchen , but it is well worth having . I 'd bet anyone would be happy having this scraper in their kitchen !
 Not much to say other than this is a very high quality product ; very hefty making it durable and long lasting .
 This pastry scraper - like most everything Oxo makes is comfortable to use , well made and not bad to look at . It fits comfortably in your hand , has measurements on the blade which come in handy , and is very sturdy . Ca n't go wrong for the price .
 This is pretty straight forward , but I wonder how I ever managed before . This is great working with my dough and great cleaning my toaster oven -LRB- scraping the crumb tray which often has carbonized spillage crusted on it -RRB- . Be warned -- the edge is SHARP ! I continue to place it back in the cardboard holder it arrived in . I 'd like to see a storage case created for this .
 So far I 've been happy with anything Oxo , so I 'm totally biased , but this is a sturdy , do-what-it 's - supposed-to , very useful kitchen implement . I recommend it !
 My husband and I love this wonderful tool and use it frequently . This is one product we have gotten our money 's worth out of . Use it to handle those soft sticky doughs and for clean up anytime . I used it just the other day handling sticky dough for homemade crescent rolls . The rolls were yummy by the way !
 A little pricey but it is sturdy and does what it is suppose to do . A ruler at the end is nice .
 There 's not much you can say about this product . It 's does what it needs to do and it 's a must-have for any baker .
 In the past I would tear apart dough with my hands or use a knife , making a mess . This simple tool cuts clean and exact . I use it all the time now .
 Oxo Good Grips Pastry ScraperDoes it job well and is easy to handle
 I love this product , it was a birthday gift and I have used it repeatedly since I received it .
 Excellent in every way . I bake bread on a regular basis , and use it every time , to divide the dough , and scrape the kneeding board.It is a lot safer than using a Kitchen knife !!
 OXO simply makes good stuff . This item does exactly what you would expect it to . Solid make and sharp edge . I have used to cut through roll dough and it does so with ease .
 It does exactly what it is designed to do and it does it well . It will scrape your work surface nicely . The scrapping edge is quite sharp . It can be used to chop some nuts or herbs for you bread . It will probably not last . I do n't know if I want to sharpen it again .
 It is a really good and useful scraper/chopper . More convenient in cutting staff . It is easy to hold in hand when cutting or chopping .
 This is well-made and very handy . The etched markings are wonderful for measuring . The handle is large but not unwieldy , even with small hands . It 's very sharp and scrapes easily and cleanly . Great product .
 The OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper/Chopper is great for use with pizza dough or bread . The edge is quite sharp and the handle is very sturdy . Easy to clean and has measurements on the blade .
 I really like this chopper/scraper . It 's sharp and has so many uses . I always have it ready when I 'm making something in the kitchen . I do n't really care for the rubber handle . Even though it 's non-slip it just does n't have that good earthy feel of wood . Good chopper overall though .
 This is a well made , heavy duty scraper . The edge is straight , the handle is comfortable . The size is just right , not too large to be bulky or too small to be efficient . Love it !
 I 'm more of a cook than a baker , but lately I 've been making a lot of empanadas , and this little tool has been really helpful to scrape up sticky dough from my kitchen island in between rolling and cutting batches . I also use it to remove excess from my Oxo rolling pin .
 I do n't know how I ever managed without this handy devise . When I chop vegetables , I use it as the scoop to transfer them to the pot . It has a small ruler along the cutting edge to make pastry layout easier . It stores standing up along the edge of my drawer .
 works exactly like you hope it would . Cuts through dough , easy to clean up , goes in dishwasher . grip is comfortable as well .
 It 's much sturdier than I imagined and comes in handy for so many things . What an investment all kitchens should have . I ca n't praise this enough !
 Why I did n't get this item before is beyond me.I have limited preparation space and the Good Grips Pasry Scraper is a time saver.Never realized how easy to put a meal together could be.I reccommend this product to anyone who has to chop food and add to other items being prepared .
 This gadget works great for scraping dough off the counter while kneading bread or rolling out cookies . It is also perfect for cutting bars or brownies in the pan . It is easy to wash and useful for more than one task , both important for kitchen gadgets . I 'd buy it again .
 The edge is sharp ! Treat it like a knife when you 're washing and keep the band-aids near . Once I healed from the wounds , this feature proved to be quite handy . Now I prefer it to the duller scrapers but both have their uses . Speaking of wounds , tell Amazon to drop the dogfighting mags .
 This is a pro tool . High quality is evident . It even has a measurement etched into the bottom edge .
 America 's Test Kitchen gave this a high rating . It 's well made and so handy . Very useful . I ordered this with ATK 's latest cookbook and it arrived early , packaged securely .
 I have to admit - I actually just use this scraper as a scraper -- cleaning up the counter tops after cooking/baking/rolling , etc. . Perfect size , dishwasher safe , and does the job ! Great add-on to all of my other OXO tools !
 the OXO good grips multi-purpose pastry scraper and chopper works very well for scooping veggies off the cutting board and cleaning up ; I do n't use for pastry or for chopping but imagine it would work well for that too
 Been making pies for 65 years , do n't know how I did it so long without something similar to this product . EXCELLENT EXCELLENT
 So , clearly there 's not that much difference between bench scrapers . This one , like most others , has a big steel blade and a handle . The blade is of a pretty good thickness , so it seems strong , and it has a beveled edge at the bottom , so it 's not a sharp point , but it 's great for dividing dough and scraping really effectively . In addition , it has a ruler on the edge -LRB- for measuring ... anything , I guess -RRB- , and a grippy , rubberized handle . The handle is my only complaint with this , as it does n't feel quite right - it 's maybe not quite big enough for me . Still , it 's nice and grippy and feels secure . I 'd recommend this to anyone looking for a good scraper . I probably would n't recommend it for chopping , but that 's not really its job .
 Very comfortable to hold and use . Very effective at getting dough off the cutting board . Awesome for chopping garlic . This thing is just fantastic .
 I can not believe I 've cooked and baked for 41 years without this little beauty ! I remember getting a silicone pastry scraper as a `` give away '' a bazillion years ago . It was thick yet flimsy , the surface was easily roughened in no time it snagged and tore the dough and was such an ineffectual scraper it was a joke . After a few attempts I threw it out ! I am a total fan of `` kitchenalia '' my word for pots , pans , appliances , dishes and specialty gadgets that really work ... but I HATE JUNK that simply litters kitchen drawers and/or do n't work or are more trouble than they are worth.But I kept watching various cooking shows -LRB- America 's Test Kitchen , Baking with Julia , etc. -RRB- and finally thought OK I 'll try this OXO pastry scraper . WOW This little beauty is a dream ! I can not believe I did n't own one . The scraper has a smooth , thin -LRB- important in lifting delicate pastries which might tear easily -RRB- edge or you do n't want the heat of your hands warming up the dough . It is sturdy stainless steel . Love the great grip AND a real bonus the bottom edge has a ruler so convenient when the recipe gives a measurement to roll or cut into certain thickness or size . It chops/minces little batches of herbs too but I have plenty of things that but nothing like this to scrape , lift and measure . Trust me even if you think you do n't need it ... you 'll love it .
 This is a great product . I like to make fudge for the holidays and I was having trouble cutting it out once it had hardened in the refrigerator . My sister suggested one of these for cutting brownies , so I immediately thought of my fudge , also . Well , a few days later I ordered this product and I am absolutely satisfied with it . It really helped cut the fudge into manageable pieces . It helped to make them look professional enough to take to holiday parties . And , according to my sister it will work great for brownies . It keeps the brownies from tearing into unsightly pieces and makes it possible to cut them into nice evenly spaced squares because you are essentially pressing on them from above and there is no cross cutting movement . I have also used this to cut frozen pound cake and again , I am fully satisfied with the results . I also find it very handy to use as a scraper for the countertops and cutting boards . I can hardly wait to use it when I divide my homemade pizza dough . I do n't know how I got by without it for so many years .
 Having received this as a birthday gift , I am thrilled with this little cooking gadget !!! For the longest time , I had no idea what I would do with a pastry scraper ... until I started getting more and more into cooking and baking and I realized that such a tool is necessary to help spread out and warm butter , to separate tough doughs without fumbling with a knife -LRB- not well-suited for that task , but still got the job done -RRB- , and for simply picking up sliced veggies without slicing my hand open on accident . The rubberized grip makes holding onto it easier than a stainless steel grip would be , especially when dealing with floury or oily or sticky hands.I have smaller hands , so sometimes kitchen tools are dauntingly huge for me ... but this is not the case . This scraper is well-made and well-balanced , especially when compared to its size . OXO already makes great kitchen tools/gadgets , and this is no exception.Would definitely recommend to anybody in the market for such a tool !
 I made a 5lb . soap mold and use this contraption to cut the soap once it becomes in a solid state . Deep enough to do the job and very sturdy and sharp enough to do the job easily . Well made product . Feels good in my hand and had a little weight to it .
 I ca n't say enough about this item . It is MORE than just a scraper - I also use it for cutting my toasted garlic bread , cutting fruits and vegetables . And yes - the best scraper in the world ! I use it on my countertops when you can `` feel '' things left on but you ca n't see . I have used it to clean up spilled candle wax and my cookie sheets are so easy to clean now - just use thsi handy little scraper to scrape off the residue then a quick sponge wash - no more soaking ! This thing never seems to dull - always ready to slice up something perfectly . I have even sliced tomatoes with this little tool . I am no purchasing two more -LRB- yes , I use it that much ! -RRB-
 The grip is durable and the construction is solid -- all you need for this tool!OXO 's products tend to be better than most of the competition ; this is no exception .
 Well priced for such a handy little kitchen tool . I love that it 's so easy to use and to clean up afterwards . It makes baking less of a hassle .
 I really love this tool , it helps me not only cut or scrape dough but also measure dough sizes.It 's very useful tool and must have it ! . Thanks .
 Solid blade , does ` nt bend easy . Sharp edge with convenient 6 inch ruler markings on it . Handle is comfortable and solid . Well worth the money I spent !
 EXCELLENT kitchen tool , especially for me since I bake a lot of bread & rolls . This scraper is wonderful for cutting dough & scraping sticky surfaces . It always seemed like a luxury to me to have one ; but now that I own this product , I wonder why I waited so long to buy it . The Oxo brand is especially great since the handle is sturdy and wide and the blade cuts through easily . Clean up is quick and it still looks brand new even after many uses .
 I used to be wary of oxo products -LRB- they 're so big and bulky ! No one REALLY needs a handle on something like that ! -RRB- but the more I use them the more I love them . This is made with great materials and it withstands lots of use . The handle is pretty bulky so it 's easy to hang on to . I like the measurements marked on the side as well as the slightly sharp edge .
 The pastry scraper works for pastry as well as working for breads also , multifunction . It does what it says and does it well and it did n't cut me like some have . Enough said .
 I have always said I would get one of these every single time I chopped something . I finally did it and I wish I had done it sooner , like years ago ! Do n't wait like I did , go for it !
 This will be my second of these scrapers . The first one disappeared at the same time that my daughter moved out ... suspicious , I think . This scraper is great , it is sturdy , comfortable to hold , dishwasher friendly , and will last forever , if you can keep it from your children when they move !
 This is sharp enough to chop most items , plus it 's easy to scoop them up ... I feel like Rachael Ray when I use it !
 The handle on this scraper makes it really easy to use compared to many of the others on the market . I use it when baking and also to clean up the counters after I 've finished a project . I love Oxo products , they are always easy to use and well thought out .
 I do a lot of baking , especially bread and this handy little thing is just what you need to lift the loaves or cut the dough . I have two of these because they are super for cut up meat . I do n't like to use the same one for meat and dough . The other one is from another site and I paid almost double what this one cost and it is n't as nice as this one . This one has a nice rubber handle which makes it solid to hold . When I cut up meat for stir frying these are perfect for picking the meat up and carrying it to the pan . I use them both a lot.I ca n't imagine not having one for so long and I 've been cooking for over 50 years .
 I 've had this a couple weeks now , and it works just like I thought it would ... easily transferring food like diced onions off my cutting board and into my frying pan . For years I would use a spatula for this chore ... but this does it a little better with less spills , worth the cheap expenditure if you chop a lot on a cutting board.This is n't rocket science ... a simple device for a simple task . I 'm glad I bought it .
 This simple item is just what you would expect . It has too much packaging over it but is mostly a slice of metal with a solid handle . You can get the same thing at lower prices by looking around . One star off for price .
 I have many tools in my drawers but this is one of the best . It 's called a pastry scraper/chopper . I have n't used it for baking yet but I 'm sure I will . When I 'm making soups or salads this scraper automatically comes out with the knives and cutting board . It is so easy and nice to just scrape up your vegtables into your dish or pot . The tool feels good and sturdy in my hand . I love it .
 I have a lot of OXO products , they are well made and hold up to daily use . This is a great tool for moving chopped veggies from cutting board to pan !
 This item does the duty . I scoop things up with it . I like the handle . I do n't use the ruler . Good and sturdy .
 This product is very easy to hold on to and use -LRB- Even for someone like myself who is handicapped and always drops things -RRB- . I 've used other products from OXO and continue to buy them because of their quality , and ease of use . I highly recommend OXO tools to anyone have troubles with gripping and holding on to normal utensils .
 I was hoping for a larger bench scraper , but I ca n't seem to find one that easily . That being said , I really like this scraper . For household use , it 's great . I like the nonslip handle , so if my hands are wet , I do n't lose my grip on the scraper . It seems sturdy enough for tough jobs , and there are measurements along the edge . I 've been using it more than I thought I would .
 This is a good product for cleaning counters after using flour which always manages to get away from the dough board . The handle is comfortable and the edge sharp for cutting . Proud to have this addition in my kitchen .
 The OXO Good Grips line has done it again with their Pastry Scrapper/Chopper . I picked it up after I began working with dough more often , and wanted something that would work better with pastry than just a standard kitchen knife . It works excellently for pastry scrapping and chopping , but it does so much more than that . For anything that needs a rough cut -LRB- i.e. tomatoes for sauce -RRB- , this is now my go-to device . The rulings on it make it great for seeing how large my chunks are , when trying a new recipe that calls for things to be cut to a certain size . In addition , I often do n't want to dirty and clean an expensive kitchen knife , when I could use this trusty workhorse and throw it in the dishwasher afterward . Pick one of these up for your kitchen , you wo n't regret it !
 Decent pastry scraper , get 's the job done . I use this is a lot of my baking and have had good results with it . Recommended .
 I always find something to cut of anything I can use it for , I am glad I bought this product too .
 OXO makes the best gadgets ever !!! This scraper is easy to handle and gets the job done . No sharp edges and very high quality as all their items are . A must kitchen item .
 I use this to scoop up cut veggies , etc from the cutting board . It is great !
 I love making home made bread and pizza and this pastry scraper is wonderful ; I could n't ask for more .
 The handle is very nice . I wish I used mine more often , but I just forget to use it .
 I saw someone on the Cooking Channel use one of these chopper/scraper and decided I `` needed '' one . The company got it to me quickly as promised . Of , course , I have n't used it yet ! -LRB- :
 I love this item , I have a bigger version of this , that I did not get on amazon , but it is the best thing that I have ever used when it comes to baking and cooking . With cooking anything I chop and can just scoop into the pan with this , when i bake I can take cookies off the sheet pan , I can cut dough with it . It is great , I would highly recommend this item if you are a baker and or cooker ! -LRB- The reviewer was compensated for posting this review . However , the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . Further , the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor , Amazon or the review requester . -RRB-
 This is great but came with an edge sharper than my cleaver . Would have torn up my butcher block work surface . I removed a lot of the edge with my honing steel . You might want to do that also before you scratch up or shave your work surface . This is a great feeling tool!Hilditch
 And I love this dough cutter . It is very well made and will last a long time . I bought it to use while making marble poured fudge , but have also used it for some cookie making , cutting a lasagna , the possibilities are endless ! Great gift for those who love to cook .
 I bought this scraper to cut and portion bread dough . I looked at several scrapers , but I 'm glad I chose this one ! The blade is sharp enough that it easily handles sticky and heavy bread doughs . The measurements etched along the blade are also useful for portioning dough.The scraper also cleans up easily . It is dishwasher safe , and the dough does n't seem to stick to the scraper .
 I am so glad I decided on OXO . Their whole good grips line is wonderful . This is so sturdy and the handle is quite comfortable . Great to cut my granola bars , scones , and challah dough .
 This pastry scraper is very handy in many different ways . The handle stays cool so it 's a great helper when cooking on the griddle . I flip pancakes , scramble and scoop up eggs , turn over grilled sandwiches and cut them -- all with this little gem.When cutting veggies for soup or stew , I use this scraper to pick up or scrape the veggies into the pot . You can lift cookies without tearing or breaking them when they come from the oven.The blade is wide enough and sharp enough to cut and lift brownies , cake and other baked desserts without tearing the goodies.I love the handle 's firm grip material , making it easier to hold onto while using.This is a great little helper . Even in the garage , it is good to scoop up loose nails , screws , whatever . It also scrapes and helps while cleaning the griddle.I would buy again ...
 It is what it is
 I 'm impressed with the sturdiness of this product . It feels like it can really take a beating in the kitchen . It 's another OXO well-designed product -LRB- most of them are -RRB- and it 's nice that the measurements are etched on and not painted/stamped . It worked wonders to slice brownies too .
 love it ! I had been warned not get one that would allow gunk to get trapped and build up around the handle . I was about to give up my search for the ` perfect ' scraper and just get a plastic trowel . I was actually shopping for something else when I saw it on Amazon . It 's a great scraper , I use it daily . I highly recommend this one .
 I 've had this scraper for about two years now , and it still looks like new . Stiff , heavy blade of high-quality stainless steel . Deeply engraved measurements along the edge , and a nice thick handle on the top of grippy oxo rubber . Very useful for scooting large quantities of chopped nuts , flour , and other ingredients .
 This is a handy gadget ! For example , it 's great for shoveling up a pile of diced anything from the cutting board and sliding it off into the pot . Quality is excellent , has ergonomic handle . Imo the scraping edge could be just a little sharper -LRB- but not enough to cut fingers ! -RRB- . One of the best uses I 've found
 I 've had this bench scraper for just under a year now and have put it to nearly-daily use during that time in a commercial bakery/pastry kitchen , so can account for its ability to take a beating in a variety of applications and look good doing it . Its edge is cut super straight , no weird bowing to it , which might not seem like a huge deal until you think about how it * could * be subpar and always make slightly-rounded cuts or the kind of cuts that do n't go all the way through in the middle - but it 's a gem and does neither of those things . As other reviewers mention , the etched-in -LRB- wo n't ever wash away with scrubbing -RRB- measurement markings are extra useful for repeatedly slicing things the same size
 This is great for measuring and dividing dough with clearly marked measurements and a sharp edge . I 've put it through the dishwasher without any problems and love the easy to grip rubber handle . It gives a firm grip for wet or coated hands.The only problem with this tool is if you want to use it to lift chopped items off the cutting board . The handle does n't allow you to get the blade flush with the cutting board for easy pick up.But for scraping dough off the board , a slight angle and a firm scrape do a great job of clearing and cleaning the board of any extra dough or flour .
 This is the one tool every kitchen should have . I use it for everything . I diced artichoke hearts for spinach and artichoke dip . Then I cut my kids waffles , right on the lines so all the little squares are intact and can still hold the syrup , -LRB- they love that -RRB- . Then I used it to cut the cheesecake brownies right in the pan , all the way to the edges . I made biscuits and slid them from the counter to the pan without squashing them like I normally do . And this is always on the counter when I chop or slice anything to scoop and transfer to the pan easily . I am going to buy a bunch and give them away as gifts . It is such a simple tool , but very useful and time saving . And it does n't take up hardly any space . I ca n't say the same about a lot of my other kitchen tools .
 This scraper , like all Oxo Good Grips products , has excellent handle `` feel '' , and is more comfortable than any others I have used to date . Its edge is not razor-sharp , but it is sharp enough to cut many things in addition to pastry -LRB- but more care is required when using it - especially when young children are present -RRB- . The ruler along the cutting edge is a nice useful feature too.The negatives for me are
 This is a great paster scraper , the measurements on it are handy and the plastic handle very pleasing to grip . It cuts easily through dough , even some of my thick cookie doughs . Do n't think that it 's only for pastry though ! I use it all the time when cutting up veggies , etc. rather than using my knife to scoop things off the cutting board . Much safer and gives you more surface area to carry items with as well . Definitely an item every kitchen needs !
 This knife was reviewed on America 's Test Kitchen on T.V. . It is great and the price was right .
 I am a huge fan of OXO International 's kitchen , tool , and garden products . Their comfort factor is amazing , and it 's all in the * grip * . I discovered this company through my 87-year-old father-in-law who continues to create delicious Ukrainian and Slav dishes . Awarded the Tylenol Arthritic Award , these designs assist in his staying happy and active.Adding this first-rate pastry scraper to his OXO collection was heaven sent , for Pop announced that * we * -- the entire family -- would be making meat and cheese stuffed pirogues -LRB- small pastry ravioli -RRB- AND square sugar cookies , for his entire gardening club!For large pastry tasks , -LRB- that was fun by the way -RRB- , or just dicing onions for goulash , this scraper gets the job done . The sharp edged steel blade , comfy large handle , nifty increment marker , incredible durability , and being dishwasher safe all add up to a simple comment -- `` What did I ever do without this ! '' Note
 If you like to bake ... a lot ... you should seriously consider checking out this pastry scraper . The `` blade '' is nice and sharp -LRB- but it wo n't cut you -RRB- and the handle is super comfortable . It also seems to be very sturdily made and has handy measurements along its edge if you need them . I use it primarily for two things :1 . Dividing dough . You know , when the recipe says to divide the dough into 2 , 4 , or even 16 pieces . The sharp `` knife '' like quality of this makes that simple and more accurate , while being a lot easier to use than an actual knife because of the way that it fits into your hand . Love it .2 . Cleaning off the counter . When you 've just kneaded a pie crust and your counter is covered in sticky , floury dough , this is the bomb . Just swipe it across the counter once or twice and you 'll be reaching for it every time.If you rarely bake , you probably would n't really need this , but if the kitchen is your favorite room in the house , it 's time for a pastry scraper : -RRB-
 If you 've been using a spatula to pry pastry off the board you 've probably been tearing up as many pie crusts as you 've made . If not the bottom crust , then the top , it never fails . This tool is wide enough and the blade thin enough to easily scrape up your pie dough each time and every time . It also gives you the confidence to roll thinner dough . Using the Betty Crocker two crusted pie dough recipe I was able to roll the dough thin enough that I actually had about a quarter of a cup left over . Thin pie dough is flaky tasty pie crust . They 'll think you 're a professional baker .
 First and only item of its kind I ever owned/bought , ca n't compare to anything else . It is realy useful portioning the dough , scraping the dough from the counter , a lot better than the knife I previously used . I had to take one star away only because I wish it was longer sized - I make bread in large batches in a Bosch mixer , 5-6 loaves at a time - for smaller amounts of dough however it should work just fine . Hope this helps .
 My husband wanted one of these . I went to a few nation chain kitchen and home stores looking for one and could n't find anything nice . they were all plastic and flimsy . I ordered this on Amazon b/c of the other positive reviews and it is great ! The blade is sharp enough to cut dough etc but not too sharp that you will cut yourself . The handle is comforable and it works very well as a scraper . Plus , it is metal so it can be hung on our magnetic knife strip ! Definitely recommend !
 Wish is was bigger , but it gets the work done . Does a good job . Picks up all the chopped items on my cutting board in one full sweep . See the chefs use them , so why not I
 A classic take on the knife . This multipurpose item is a great and solid gift for any pursuant chef . Easy to clean is always a bonus - cold water and dry . I would n't suggest putting it in the dishwasher .
 I 've been experimenting with different pizza dough recipes and this scraper is invaluable for handling all kinds of dough , even the sorta wet `` slack '' doughs . I like that the measurements on the 6-inch rule at the bottom of the blade are etched and not silk screened so they wo n't fade with use as another brand 's did . If you use a nice wooden pastry board you 'll need to be careful the corners at either end of the ruled 6-inch blade are sharp as a Ninja throwing star and will mark up your nice wood . I 've thought about filing down the corners just a tiny bit but it 's nice to know that if someone breaks into the house while I 'm using the OXO I can go all Bruce Lee on their ass.This scraper is heavy duty and seems to be built for a lifetime of use so dough balls and miscreants beware!Update :02 -08 -2013 Holy crap ! I did n't realize how accurate my review was . I got some cheese stuck on my baking stone after making pizza and used the scraper to clean it off . It worked great but the baking stone acted like a sharpening stone and I cut my thumb deeply on the freshly honed edge . I then dulled the edge on the same stone but yikes ! Who wudda thunk ?
 Use this all the time . Have had one for years and now have 2 . Comfortable in the hand and glides along easily to bring items together and transfer
 This is n't rocket science , just a fairly well built item . It 's easy to clean , and strong , good quality steel . Well worth the price .
 Larger than I expected . Feels solid in the hand and does its job well . Compact construction reduces chance of food getting in handle .
 This is a versatile & useful kitchen tool ! It is easier to cut a large piece of dough with this , rather than a knife . It is very well made , and I plan on using it quite a bit in the future .
 This was a great buy ! It is very solid and makes cutting through dough/pastry so easy . Also feels good in my hand .
 I got tired of using various spatulas and knives for scraping the work surface when making doughs and other messy things . Finally did it ... broke down and purchased the proper implement . The Oxo has a good , simple design and it just works . The handle is easy to grip and there 's even a measuring scale along the edge for quick size references . This tool is simple and effective and the price is n't bad either .
 Beautiful product , well made and the numbers are etched into the metal . It works like a charm and will be in my kitchen for years to come .
 The scraper is very sturdy and comfortable to hold . The blade is sharp enough for rough chopping or cutting if necessary . It is not flexible but thin enough to scrape everything off the working surface . Great for working with pie/tart type of dough . The scale on the blade is handy .
 Pastry cutter works perfect . I bake my own bread always so I use it several times a week . Good product at a great price .
 Great product , as good as I had expected . OXO has always provided consumers with the best tools for the kitchen .
 This is what a dough scraper should be , metal , stainless steel , with a comfortable plastic handle . Made to fit your hand comfortably and can be used to scrape dough from , well , pretty much anything.Buy one you 'll like it .
 It is a good , solid tool for novice or serious bakers . It has a nice sturdy feel in ones hand . I recommend it without hesitation .
 Im very pleased with this product , it is sturdy & cuts with ease , I love it ! I used to use a pizza cutter this product makes my job alot easier
 Although this is described as a pastry scraper , we have found it has many uses . It is an all-purpose scraper/cutter . Oxo is known for ergonomically designed tools , combining form & function . This is perfectly balanced & weighted & fits the hand of many people -LRB- from kids to big men -RRB- . A well designed piece of equipment like this makes cooking even more pleasurable & helps to broaden the scope of your culinary talents!This tool is very helpful in the creation of the perfect pizza , breads , doughs , and yes-even meatloaf !
 I have used this many times , and am very pleased with this item.It is geat for cutting , and making biscuits , etc. . I would recommend this to all , who enjoy baking .
 I do n't know how I got along without this handy little tool . I use it for cutting dough when making bread or pastries and for cleaning the countertop of loose flour and other messes . If you bake , you will not regret purchasing this .
 What a wonderful multi-tool . I originally saw this on TV via food network and was instantly wanting one . I use it all the the time and is a must have for any home chef .
 The quality and feel of this item is second to none . I love the size and the ability to cut the dough without much effort . Great product !!!
 Well made and sturdy . For the money I do n't see how it could do a better job . I like the grip too .
 Used for the first time last night to work with sourdough bread . The dough stucks to everything , except this tool ! Would buy again .
 When I bought this I thought I would primarily use it for chopping . Instead , I use it more after chopping with the knife to quickly and efffectviely transfer things from the cutting board to the pan . It can certainly chops many things but it is not a substitute for a knife . It is also solidly made . Good utility tool but if you only have money for a good knife , get that .
 I use it mostly for scooping up things I have diced and chopped . It is great for that . I have also used it a few times for cutting dough . The measures on it made it easy to cut things up into equal parts .
 I bought this scraper along with aJohn Boos 20-by-15-Inch Reversible Maple Cutting Board , and could n't be happier with it as a tool . In my opinion , it 's a must-have for anyone with a large wood board that 's not easy to move , or someone with a butcher block countertop . It 's easy to clean , unlike other bench scrapers with a rolled handle which can trap food particles inside . I use it every time I use my cutting board , and most of the time I just rinse it off and let it dry beside the board . It is also very handy for cutting pizza dough , dividing scones , smashing garlic , and measuring thickness of meat to determine cooking time . The measurements are engraved into the metal and wo n't wear off .
 I like this scraper for picking up chopped/diced items to add to a dish or pot . Using it is so much easier and quicker than using a knife or my fingers . I would definitely purchase again . It is really nice to have good kitchen tools to use and not improvise with whatever knife one has .
 OXO is known for making high quality , useful products at affordable prices . As far as this product goes , it meets all three of those expectations !!! I bought mine to use on my cutting block . I find myself dicing fruits and veggies and reaching for my OXO to slide them off the side of the board and onto a plate , etc. . Sure , this may be for pastry use , but I find it to be quite good for everyday use . The edge is slightly sharpened at the bottom which makes chopping through smaller items a breeze . Overall , I am very satisfied with this product .
 I have owned one -LRB- the same one -RRB- for about 15 years and I use it several times daily . A very useful item . I use it as a counter scraper when baking and as a salad and sometimes nut chopper , also to scrape the cook-top on my ceramic range . I sharpen it on a diamond stone every couple of years , it holds its edge well . I wash it mostly by hand but sometimes in the dishwasher . The hard rubber handle shows no sign of age . The blade is 1mm thick . I rounded the corners slightly to prevent gouging when I use it to scrape my wood cutting boards . I scrape with the blade near perpendicular to the surface , bad for any blade but it holds its edge so hey .
 My son decided he wanted to make a double batch of decorated sugar cookies for the holidays . We used the recipe in Joy of Cooking which is tasty but stuck terribly to our board . We tried everything ... putting the dough back in the fridge , using wax paper and nothing worked.Then I remembered that I had bought this pastry scraper a few months ago and stuck in in my baking cupboard . I found it and it was like night and day getting those cookies rolled and cut.A great product , very sturdy and I wo n't try to make cookie cutter cookies without it again ! : - -RRB-
 Oxo 's Good Grips Pastry Scraper is an indispensable tool in the kitchen , not just for dough scraping / dividing , but also for cutting brownies and fudge , chopping chocolate , and even chopping nuts and veggies.Hefty in the hand , the pastry scraper is a substantial weight with an ergonomic handle that makes it easy to hold onto . However , the blade is lethally sharp ; be particularly cautious if you 're chopping something hard like carrots where the blade is likely to bounce or slip ; a trip to the emergency room might result -LRB- have n't had it happen with this , but two of my -LRB- klutzy -RRB- family members sliced themselves open on theOXO Good Grips Mango Splitterblade -RRB- . This is an invaluable tool for slicing brownies or bar cookies in the pan , for dividing yeast doughs before baking , and for chopping last-minute ingredients ; in fact , you might want to order two , since this might become your favorite kitchen tool .
 I just got this a week ago and ca n't understand why at 50 years of age I am just learning of this tool . It should be mandatory in every kitchen . I have used it to chop and dice and being able to pick up veggies etc with it is the best part . Saves time and like the previous poster stated I too have arthritis and I love how easy it is to chop and scoop with the rubber type handle . Love this tool .
 I have intended to purchase one of these for a long time and just kept putting it off . I made the purchase , received the OXO PASTRY SCRAPER AND HAVE BEEN USING IT OFTEN . Regret I did n't purchase it at an earlier time . Great for dividing your dough , gives you a measurement on the blade , is comfortable to use and work with . Doing any dough or pastry work , buy it ; works much better than the old butcher knife !
 What is this curious tool and why should everyone own one ? I know it as a bench knife - evil and able to cut through any dough in a single thud , however , you do n't have to be a baker or pastry enthusiast to enjoy this tool though it is great with doughs and has a small ruler on the blade . I use this tool as a professional to gather up all of the food I chop on a cutting board and mise into bowls for cooking . It cleans off my cutting board , it cleans off my pastry scraps and it goes in the dishwasher . That 's enough for me to own two of these bad boys - one for the road and one for home .
 I finally ordered this after getting tired of hand scraping pastry off of the -LRB- clean -RRB- countertops when baking and I am very pleased with this purchase ! It has so many uses . I now use it daily to scrape veggies and fruits off of the cutting board , scrape things off of the countertops , and for light chopping now and then . It is also excellent for cutting pizza -LRB- works better than my pizza cutter ! -RRB- , cutting sandwiches , just about anything ! It 's now my favorite kitchen utensil and I 'm so glad I ordered it .
 First-rate quality , as expected with OXO . Handy little thing to have
 I have a King Arthur Flour scraper and I prefer the OXO over it . It has a somewhat sharp edge . It is not sharpened at the angle of a regular knife blade ; it is somewhat blunt-about a 70 degree , inclusive angle . This still makes it a snap to pinch off dough . It is also usefull for cleaning my wooden cutting boards or any flat surface you might want to scrape or collect bits off of . The scale is a `` bit of fancy '' that some might find useful . The handle is somewhat soft , and very well ergonomically designed . It fits the hand and palm comfortably , unlike the KAF 's wood handle -LRB- not to mention its totally blunt edge -RRB- .
 I like this item . I use it to scoop up diced foods and removing excess dough after cutting cookies out with cookie cutters . Another ergonomic tool from OXO -- a little heavy compared to others though .
 Great little tool for the kitchen . Its a heavy one but it is good quality .
 I bought this to scoop all the cut up pieces on my cutting board . It is great ! I no longer drop food as I used to try to get it on my knife and transfer the pieces to pan or bowl . This works great !
 Like many of OXO 's product , a tour de force ! Now back to one of Macallan 's products -LRB- cask-strength ! -RRB- !
 This is a handy little kitchen gadget that is stainless steel , easy to handle and may be used for scraping up practically any food item that needs to be gathered together . I do n't know how I ever managed in the kitchen without it !
 The Oxo scraper has proven truly useful in several instances
 I have used the scraper for several months and it is the best one . The grip hand is comfortable and the blade works very well for both a dough and the pantry board .
 I use this more for scooping than scraping pastry dough . It is a handy addition to my gadget stash . I have n't tried chopping with it yet but I think it would work well for onions , garlic & fresh herbs .
 I like this dough scraper . You get it for a good price . I purchased it a couple of weeks ago and I am using it all the time . Mostly for my pizzadough . It is durable and you can even measure with it . Sure recommend this product .
 Very comfortable to hold ... I have arthritis , and it does a great job of helping with daily cutting and scraping chores . After chopping mirepoix with my chef 's knife , it `` evens '' out the veggie dice sizes quite nicely and scoops everything into the pot beautifully . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 I 've also come to use it to clean up the dough and such from my work surface . I love this thing . One of my favorite Amazon purchases ever . : -RRB-
 I got this product for my mom for Christmas , we used it this morning and I 'm about to purchase myself one as soon as I finish this review . The slicing is so quick and clean , something I was really not expecting on this dual purpose product !
 This item was received in a timely manor and exactly as described.Always wanted a pastry scraper/chopper , plus price was reasonable .
 I had been looking for a decent pastry cutter for a little bit , they are many options out there . This seemed to fit right into the pocket of quality constructions and value . I am happy to say that I use this item regularly , from cutting dough , to cleaning flat surfaces to even scrapping pans . The etched in ruler on the blade is also useful especially when looking to make uniform cuts for strips of pastry of even fresh pasta noodle .
 Great little gadget ... OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper/Chopper ... a necessity for any kitchen ... I even bought extras for my kids ! ~ I recommend this to other viewers ! `
 Not much to say here ; it is exactly as described . Gets the job done with no fuss . Would recommend . : -RRB-
 OXO makes great kitchen products . I love how they have good grips on the majority of their items and this scraper/chopper is no exception . It is a good size scraper/chopper with a sharp enough edge to clean off items on the cutting board in your kitchen and cut through most food . I use it mostly to scrape off the counter and the cutting board and less often to chop with so it serves its purpose . Excellent product !
 A well designed tool that is well built is a joy to use . This is sturdy . The 6 inch ruler may be helpful . It is likely to last for years . Not only useful for scraping dough , but it makes it easier to transfer chopped vegetables to the pot -LRB- better than using the knife ! -RRB-
 I 'm not a huge baker , but every now and then I make rolls , scones , or pizza dough . Over time , the OXO scraper has become basically my right hand when working with dough . The metal blade itself is a good size , solid and inflexible , and mildly sharpened at the end . This makes it fantastic at securely cutting dough and scraping flour + dried bits of dough off the counter with ease . Additionally , the inch markings on the blade are great for measuring thickness and , better yet , are etched on and have n't faded despite several years of putting it through the dishwasher . The handle is large and comfortably curved , fitting perfectly in my medium-sized hands , and slightly rubbery/grippy , allowing for a firm grip even when your hands are covered in flour.In short , it 's very solid , well-made , and yet still inexpensive . If you do any kind of working with dough , do yourself a favor and get this . It 's a complete no-brainer .
 This thing works great . I use it all the time to clean my counters . I just scrape everything into a trashcan and it makes wiping the counters down a breeze . Flour tends to get everywhere and sticky when baking so I would not ever do it without this ! Definitely recommend !
 I have granite counter tops . I am not a tidy cook . This scrapes all my untidiness off the granite and into the oubliette.It gets up under dough while kneading , freeing from any sticking . When ready to partition the dough it cuts neatly.When chopping or mincing tons of veg , this little thing slides nicely under the pile and carries it handily to the cooking pot.Every kitchen should have one . Sometimes I think two would be even better .
 I had been using a plastic piece of crap scrapper I bought a WalMart and wanted something sturdier with markings so I know how thick to cut sweet roll dough . This cost a tiny bit of money and has a nice substantial fit in my hand , cuts dough to size thatfast , and plus cleans the counter in no time . Something you never think you need until you get one . Recommend .
 I think this is a great product that will last a very long time . The price was reasonable . I think I would purchase the OXO brand again .
 Sometimes a pizza wheel just does n't cut , no matter how good it is . I do n't normally make pastries , but this is fairly versatile . Hooray !
 Works great for so many different things . Has a ruler on the edge going to 6 inches I believe which is helpful . I use it to cut dough , to scrape flour back into a pile easily .
 This is particularly good for transferring chopped items to a waiting pan . In the past , I 've used a knife blade but I worried about cutting myself . No such worries here !
 As with all oxo products we have purchased this is no exception great quality and very functional want good quality buy oxo
 wanted one off these for years got one ... . this works great ... . would buy another without question ... very sharp ...
 I have had on of these for years and it works great . Pick up all of your onions or garlic , scape down your cutting board , or chop your butter for pie crust , this bench knife is up to the challenge !
 Love this scraper , the handle is great . It is not what I expected , it is silicon or rubber , so easy to grip . Chops up nicely and cutting dough is much easier now .
 found out about it in cooks illustrated . have been using it for a few weeks and really love it . a must have for someone who really loves prep work .
 My wife uses this every day . She loves it . As far as construction quality , it 's very well made , very heavy duty and likely will last for years and years . The handle has a nice gripping area and it does n't slip out of your hands when wet.We 'd buy again , but I doubt we 'll need to .
 I love this scraper ! From cleaning up pastry dough when I add too much water , pulling together bread and pizza dough , and measuring -LRB- it has a ruler on the blade -RRB- and slicing gnocchi , this thing is handy . It 's also comfortable to use and feels sturdy . Love it !
 I have had this scraper for over ten years and I could n't bake without it . Great for cutting dough and the ruler on the blade is a real convienence . I love that I can easily scrape dough and flour off my counter with ease . Easy to clean , easy to store ... you 'll wonder how you ever got along without it .
 Never had a Pastry Scraper/Chopper before and found it easy to get used to using . Made cutting egg noodles fast and easy to pick up and transfer to the drying area .
 I tried to get this at the store , but they only carried brands without the rubber top ! Of course , I found it on Amazon ! It 's just much more ergonomic with the rubber so my hands do n't get sore when I have a lot of chopping to do ! Love it ! AND it 's much easier to clean that an electric chopper ! It 's awesome for lifting the sugar cookies from the mat when I 'm making cookies for my neice !
 Not only is it great for cutting all your bar cookies and dough and whatnot into pieces swiftly and easily , it 's also great for slicing through big 2 lb chunks of cheese . Sturdy and reliable .
 I use this for chopping vegetables , scooping and also it is great for cutting bar cookies . I amgetting another one for my daughter.Susan
 This pastry scraper is of good quality , with a balanced , substantial and sturdy feel , like all Oxo products I 've used . Great for shaping dough as well as scraping . Very good value .
 Very pleased with this pastry cutter . I 've had it for about a month so far but have used it for several different pastries , etc. . I would recommend this item .
 Seriously , it 's fine . This thing has no moving parts , so reviewing it does n't take 20 words . It has the little ruler thing on it , which is kind of nice when cutting dough or something .
 this is a very nice scraper has a nice weight to it I use it all the time never had a problem with it itsdishwasher safe well worth the money .
 It 's so useful . I use it for shoveling off the cutting board into the pan mostly , but it 's super nice for baking pastries . The sharpened edge is handy for easy chopping if you notice something that slipped through the process . Would buy it again . I 'd only hand wash this though , keep it out of the dishwasher -LRB- as with all other knives and anything you want to last for awhile -RRB- . I 've had mine for awhile and it looks brand new . It 's one of those things that you ca n't imagine yourself using , but once you have it you realize how much time it saves . Get it , you 'll be glad you did .
 I use this nearly everyday . When I chop stuff , I use it to scrape up all the goodies and put them in the container . I also use it to clean off my prep area for food and flour . When I make dough I can cut it in pieces with it and it had a nice ruler on the end . Then I just put it into the dishwasher and it cleans up easily . I ca n't imagine not having one now .
 I bought this specifically for dividing bread dough and it works perfectly . It cuts right through the dough . I was surprised how sharp it was . The handy measurement markings on the bottom are also a great feature . I would recommend this for any baker .
 This has been the best pastry scraper I have ever used . I use it to scrape dried dough off my counter , and , also use it with alittle flour on it to help pick up pastry and cookies when they stick to the counter top . I push the pastry 1/2 way onto the scraper and gently push it off onto the baking sheet , works wonderful . The edge has a measure line on it also . The edges are slightly sharpened at an angle , nothing really to cut yourself on , do not let you children play with , the edges are sharp and they could get cut , this is not a toy , so keep everything pushed back on your counter , when you put you baking in the oven , anytime you turn your back , even so quickly , something could always happen . A word to the wise.Sincerely , David Kahle-Super Chef
 This is a great dough scraper . It works great , its easily cleaned by hand or in the dishwasher , and the rubberized handle is comfortable and easy to grip . Plus its a good price too !
 I have been looking for a tool like this for a while now . It 's such a handy little tool to add to any kitchen . I also use it to scoop up chopped vegies .
 It chops veggies , it scoops , it cuts dough , it scrapes , it measures . There is nothing else like it . The handle is comfortable and fits nicely in the hand . Quality product !
 To be honest I bought this pastry scraper so I could get free shipping . We 've all been there ... look for something small so shipping 's free , money being put down anyway . Well I was so happy to use this once I had it . For the holiday season it came in handy . Solid stainless steel & balanced fused handle . Measure -LRB- inches -RRB- are engraved on blade and it has a tappered sharpend edge . Now it 's no chef knife ... but it can chop then scoop soft idems . I 've used it so far for everything from pie dough to cutting brownies and mashing garlic .
 I love this , because there 's no more trying to scrape up parsley or diced onions with a blade , then a precarious balancing act on the way to dump it in the pot.The straight edge with a little bevel is n't super sharp , but is perfect for scraping up diced veggies , or splitting dough . The wide blade offers ample for carrying said veggies over to a pot or pan , without losing half the items in the process .
 I really like this chopper-slash-scraper but I have n't gotten in the habit of using yet . I also have n't acquired the right technique .
 I like the feel of the weight of this scraper/chopper and how helpful it is in gathering and picking up chopped vegetables .
 I got this for my husband as a gift . He 's the family chef , and he 's hard to shop for . He absolutely loves this . He does n't use it as a bowl scraper much , but loves it for chopping , sorting , separating food . The blade is sharp ... I wish it came with a cover . But it works very well for its purpose .
 This is a great kitchen tool . I bought it for my daughter , but I love using it . I will buy this as a gift for all birthdays for my daughters this year .
 many relatives have tried to steal these already ! I got 2 and both are great , they also work great for chopping :-RRB- have not had to sharpen yet !! cuts chicken well to , the sharp edge really let you get under the dough without tearing it
 Our thirteen year old son have seen this scrapes/choppers on many cooking shows he watches . When we received this item he went right to work with it and it did exactly what he needed , assist in food preperation and TO HELP CLEAN UP HIS MESS ! Thanks Amazom ! : - -RRB-
 the pastry scraper/chopper cuts great thru dough which is my main purpose of purchasing it . would recommend . thought priced right .
 My wife uses this scraper/chopper constantly for bread making . It works perfectly , makes the job easier , and makes her feel like a professional . Highly recommended .
 Very useful in the kitchen , I like it a lot and use it oftensix six six more words needed
 I really enjoy having this scraper in my kitchen . It makes cutting dough and cleaning up very easy . Definitely a huge help in cooking , especially for baking pies .
 I needed a new bench scraper for a yeast breads class I 'm taking in school . I really love this one ! As expected from a `` Good Grips '' product , the handle is perfectly grippy . The blade has a really nice edge to it , and it has worked very well for me on many different kinds of bread doughs . Another thing I love about the blade is that the measurements are engraved into it , and not just painted on !
 Really happy with this bench scraper . Followed a trustworthy review from cooks illustrated and they hit the nail on the head . Super robust , not cheap feeling and it looks like it will last me for quite a while !
 This is a great pastry/bench scraper . I primarily use mine for cutting gnocchi , and it does a great job.PROS : * Keeps its edge * Stainless steel - easy to clean * Comfortable handle * Includes measurement marking - they are engraved on the blade which is very handy - they will never rub off!CONS : * None
 Well constructed Stainless . Good grip . Dishwasher safe . Performs as you would expect in the kitchen . It chops and cuts dough with ease . I bought another one for the wood shop to scrape excess glue from joined boards . The bits and pieces that can damage jointer/planers . It does the job and comes out with no damage .
 This item is lightweight , easy-to-use , and dish washer safe . Great for moving chopped veggies to pan . I also use it when moving portions of sticky casseroles from baking dish to plate , in conjunction with a metal spatula . Great item !
 Got this as a pastry scaper , but use it just as much for scooping chopped veggies up from the cutting board .
 Very easy to use . The handle is nice to hold on too . Dishwasher safe .
 I was looking a pastry scraper that had a nice heft and this one really works . The grip is also nice as the blade is centered in the handle , as opposed to some other scrapers.Like many other OXO products , this feels really good in your hand and seems to be made of high quality materials .
 This item is awesome ! I just received it as a Xmas gift but the handle is sturdy and its large , has a ruler built in and has a nice knife edge to cut the dough ! recommended !
 Nice quality . bought for a gift and it is better than mine . Like the measuring rule on the edge .
 I got this to help me with pastries . I just have n't used it as much as I thought I would . Either I am not being inventive , or I have other tools that better solve problems that this one would . I like the measurement markings.I will be using it next to make a gingerbread house for Christmas .
 This came in a package of three items . The pastry brush , pastry cutter , and the pastry dough cutter.They have comfy handles and are a great addition to your kitchen .
 Most bench scrapers have a dull edge . This one is sharp enough to scrape the board clean , AND to use to cut the dough . The ruler on the edge is helpful -LRB- etched into the metal , not printed , so it wo n't wear away with use -RRB- , and the handle is comfortable to the hand . All around excellent kitchen tool !
 Needed a good pastry scraper and chopper for when I make home made hamburger rolls , and this fit the bill . Nice and solid , good quality and does the trick.Although I caught my husband chopping watermelon with it the other night , so I suppose it will live its life as a multipurpose tool in our home .
 Easy Grip for stability , allowed cutting harder vegetables more easily and alsokept up the speed of chopping , I recommend this item for your everyday chopping .
 This pastry scraper is very comfortable to hold . I have n't used it for chopping , but it seems to be sharp and I think it would chop herbs well . I 'm not sure it would be sharp enough to handle anything too crunchy . I mainly use it for cutting dough into sections and then moving the dough to other work surfaces .
 This is a perfect , indispensable tool in the kitchen . You 'll never pick up chopped veggies with your hands again . It 's perfectly manufactured . Sweep this under whatever is on your cutting board and you 're in business . Who needs more gadgets ?
 This OXO Good Grips Bench Scraper works great ! I 've had it for 2.5 years and use it several times a week . Holds up well in the top rack of the dishwasher , wash after wash . Great for cutting dough into pieces , scraping dough off a board when kneading , or scraping up large amounts of chopped veggies from the cutting board . Like almost all OXO Good Grips items , the handle is super comfortable compared to similar items from other brands.The only reason I gave it 4 stars out of 5 is because the way it was packaged when I received it . I had ordered a cast iron pan at the same time and the two items came in an extremely large box shipped together with no packaging around them at all . The pan sloshed around inside the box during the shipment and ended up bending the scraper before I even received it . I tried straightening it back out , but it has a permanent bend in it now . Too bad this excellent item was ruined by Amazon 's poor packaging .
 This is just what I was looking for . I was n't having much success finding one locally so I decided to take that long trek to amazon . Since buying one though I have started seeing them more in the department stores . But , I have to say I am more pleased with this one than any of the others I have seen . Except the one just like it I found form a pricey department store at the mall for a higher price .
 I love my new OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper/Chopper ! I have arthritis in my hands and find this gadget easy and comfortable to grasp . It has been great for chopping veggies and I have found it wonderful to use to slice hard cheeses . I have n't used it to lift pastry yet , but I 'm sure that it will be equally useful for that purpose as well . It is well made and I expect it to last a long time .
 I 've always needed a tool like this and did n't realize it until I used it the first time ! I really love it and use it a couple times a week !
 I wish I got this years ago . It 's an excellent multi-tasker . Works well as a dough cutter , and the measurements on the blade help . You can scoop up tons of herbs and diced vegetables in one go , which would be tedious otherwise . The blade is n't sharp , but there 's definitely an edge on it . I prefer using this utensil -LRB- even though I do own some high end knives -RRB- for cutting cucumbers , pineapple , watermelon , celery , layered tortilla pizzas , tofu , some desserts , etc.My only complaint is that there 's a small chip missing from the blade after a few months of regular use . Still 5/5 though for the price .
 I bought this to use to when making bread . It 's a great way to round up your dough and reincorporate the stray bits into the main mass of dough . This weekend I used it to transfer chopped onions and garlic from the cutting board to the frying pan . Was a very efficient way to get small pieces from board to cook top .
 I chose this because of other reviewer 's comments about the engraved markings being better than printed-on ones , and because I wanted something that would n't slip in my hand if my hand was greasy from handling cookie dough or something . I also wanted a handle on the large size because it is easier on my hands to grip . In a store I had looked and and felt two types -- one with a rectangular wooden handle which I did n't like , and one with the blade continued up and curved into a round handle , which felt alright and looked great but was really slippery . The OXO Good Grips handle is in-between , with rounded edges , basically it 's an oval shape on it 's side , with the flatter part on top , so you can push down easily . Very happy with it ; it could even be larger for me , but that might make it difficult to use for smaller hands .
 OXO does it again . I have yet to be disappointed by one of their products . The blade works great for cutting dough , the measurements are etched on -LRB- not painted on -- which is always annoying because that starts to wear off over time -RRB- , and the handle is comfortable to use . I highly recommend this .
 I love this chopper ! It works great and I like the measurement lines on the edge of it . The only thing I do n't like is that it does n't come with a cover . I think it would be great if it came with something to protect it .
 We bought this product a couple of years ago and just down I 'm getting to writing a review.After much use , I love this product . It 's nice and hefty and it feels like quality . It 's more than just a pastry scraper . It has a sharpen enough edge that we used it to cut dough , tortillas/Quesadillas and other things . it 's so handy and easy to handle.We have enough gadgets but this is one gadget that we use often .
 This scraper is so easy to hold on to , I have arthritis and it makes it so easy to pick food up from the cutting board & it even has a ruler on the end to measure out dough . Love OXO products they make products that actually fit your hands & make cooking a little easier for people with hand issues . I recommend this product highly thanks OXO !
 My favorite tool in the kitchen remains a small metal spatula , but this has quickly become my second-favorite kitchen tool ! I use it for EVERYTHING . I can cut up whatever I am working with , use it to scrape what I am cooking into a pot , or even scrape the chopped item up onto this scraper to dump it where I need it . My son dumped a baggie full of crushed cookies on our hardwood floors the other day and I was even able to use this tool to collect almost all of the cookie crumbs off the floor . It is a wonderful multi-use tool .
 Update 8/25/07
 Yes , it 's good at what it does
 I am a huge fan of OXO International 's kitchen , tool , and garden products . Their comfort factor is amazing , and it 's all in the * grip * . I discovered this company through my 87-year-old father-in-law who continues to create delicious Ukrainian and Slav dishes . Awarded the Tylenol Arthritic Award , these designs assist in his staying happy and active.Adding this first-rate pastry scraper to his OXO collection was heaven sent , for Pop announced that * we * -- the entire family -- would be making meat and cheese stuffed pirogues -LRB- small pastry ravioli -RRB- AND square sugar cookies , for his entire gardening club!For large pastry tasks , -LRB- that was fun by the way -RRB- , or just dicing onions for goulash , this scraper gets the job done . The sharp edged steel blade , comfy large handle , nifty increment marker , incredible durability , and being dishwasher safe all add up to a simple comment -- `` What did I ever do without this ! '' Note
 I 've been very happy with this scrapper.It 's worth knowing that unlike many scrapers this one relies on being sharp instead of being thin and flexible to scrape . I 'm not sure if I find this to be an advantage or a disadvantage . It makes it a more multi-functional product for sure ; however , I think it might slightly compromise the dough-scrapping-from-counter flagship role . I 'm certainly not going to try and find a different scraper , just thought the difference was worth mentioning.The markings on the blade are very helpful and the nice thick handle makes it easy to use .
 If you chop a lot of vegetables and herbs as I do and use the knife to transport them off the cutting board and into the pan , you end up with a dull knife . You could of course use your hand , but this is one of those times when the human hand is not the best tool.This is when the OXO Good Grips 73281 Pastry Scraper comes really handy -LRB- pun intended . -RRB- It scrapes the cutting board or the counter top no matter what you throw at it ... pastry , herbs , chopped vegetables , fresh egg pasta ... you name it.The Scraper 's handle is comfortable and sturdy , the blade is stiff and appropriately thin at the edge without been sharp and there is even a ruler at the edge to help you in measuring when following recipes . Great tool .
 I use this for pizza dough cutting and also to scrap the counters clean of flour . It works quite well for both operations . I 'm not certain how great it is for pastries . Seems quite nice . OXO usually makes high quality items , and this is no exception .
 I recieved this tool for Christmas so I can start baking , but it has almost replaced my Chefs Knife ?!?! I was trained using the chef knife but this easy gripping knife is very comfortable and easy to use.I use it for all my bread baking from rolls to bread because the the handy ruler on the blade make getting the correct dementions easy . My dow does not stick to the blade as with a knife or a plasitc dow cutters.I like how I can use the tool to chop vegitable easily and quickly with out worring about them moving . It has made me a quicker and better chopper.Enjoy
 This cheap but high class tool is my primary tool for bread baking . It 's wonderful . The `` handle '' fits my hand perfectly . The stainless blade is great for lifting dough , cutting dough , separating stuck dough from the board and scraping the board during cleanup . If you bake bread and do n't have one , get one .
 This pastry scraper/chopper is the greatest . I use it for many things . I love how wide it is so I can scrape from my cutting board and get much more than on a large knife .
 This is a great Oxo product . It cuts well -LRB- I 've used it for cutting dough into portions in the past -RRB- . I think I got this as a free product in the 4:3 promotion , but after having used it I would still purchase it now if it was n't free . It feels good in the hand and is solidly made . Sharp , and not expensive .
 i originally bought this to use for my business and it works very very well ! it cuts smoothly and with ease . i love this product and would definately recommend it to anyone who needs a sturdy , high-quality chopper !
 This is a great kitchen item . I scoop my fruit or veggies off my cutting board after cutting up . Great to pick up pastries , biscuits , cutting dough for your bread loaves . May get a second one .
 This product is of very good quality . Am very please with this purchase and highly recommend . Edge is sharp , metal is thick .
 I love this bench scraper . It is both sturdy and tough ! It works a million times better than my old one . It is a bit expensive but I think it is worth the money .
 I thought about skipping the extra cost and substituting it with a similar product I already had but I 'm glad I did n't . The handle has some weight to it which makes it perfect for cutting dough . I did n't notice the measurements on the `` blade '' when I placed my order but they have came in handy numerous times . This is perfect for the casual or more experienced baker !
 It 's comfortable and the edge is actually straight . You would be surprised how many dough knives in this price range have really crappy edges because of a lack of quality-control . It does what it 's supposed to do .
 Grip is great with padded hand surface . I can carry all my chopped food across the kitchen in one pass without it falling all over the floor . Well made .
 This product is very sturdy and sharp . I use this for many applications like cutting small personal pizzas to cutting my dog treats in half . The grip is phenomenal and very easy to clean . One of my favorite kitchen utensils .
 I do n't know why I did n't get the OXO Pastry Scraper sooner . I find I 'm using it constantly to pick up large amounts of cut vegetables for transfer to another bowl or pan . Much easier than lifting the heavy cutting board or trying to pick them up with my hands . It 's also great for cutting dough in half . I 'm sure I 'll find more handy uses as time goes by . Great kitchen tool .
 Wonderful product -- has saved me time when baking bread and makes cleanup easier in the long run !
 I 've always wanted one of these , and am so glad that I chose this brand . It is very high quality and a nice design -- I know it will last for a long time . I highly recommend this product for any cook !!
 This scraper is easy to hold onto and sturdy . It 's a really handy addition to my kitchen . I 've used it to chop chocolate and clear off my counter between batches of cookies . I also like the measurment lines on the end .
 This kitchen tool has many uses and is indeed very handy.Exactly what I was looking for .
 I just love this product . It 's dishwasher safe , I use it to scrape up my chopped vegetables.It 's wonderful .
 This is a great kitchen item , great for picking up chopped food , cutting , scraping dough and even has a helpful ruler on the edge of the blade .
 I bought this for my college aged daughter setting up her first apartment and she is loving it . She likes to bake and cook and has found it meets her needs very well .
 I really had no idea what this was for but since I hope to be a pastry chef some day thought it looked cool . I soon realized that it works great for not only cutting dough but helps with icing cakes too . I made a cake two weeks ago and slipped when decorating and the decorations looked weird at best , I grabbed this tool and was easily and flawlessly able to take a way the part I goofed off my cake board . It 's amazing how one simple tool can make a world of difference . The measuring lines are such a great added bonus too for dough .
 I do like the fact it is big and sturdy , easy to scoop all of your chopped vegetables and put them right into the pan . I 'm glad I bought it .
 I purchased this scraper for lifting dough off of a pastry sheet , but also use it for lifting chopped vegetables off of the cutting board . Nice design and easy to use .
 A very simple tool but effective . I love that it has a ruler - I never thought I 'd use that but I do all the time .
 I used this to make croissants . It was easy to measure out my triangles with the ruled edge . It was easy to scrape off my silicone baking mat without scratching or cutting it . Big enough to scrape small pastries for transfer to a cooling rack . Comfy handle and stylish design . I like it a lot .
 Love this shovel , it is awesome it has the measurings right on it and wo n't fade away , nice grip handle and makes chopping and scooping much easier to do . A must have for the kitchen . I need a new kitchen .
 Works as expected from OXO . Comfortable handle . Stainless blade . Etched measurements . Dishwasher safe . This is an excellent scraper at a great price . I love it .
 I 've used this a few times so far and it does what it 's supposed to do . It has a sharp edge and cuts/scapes the dough very well and is dishwasher safe . I 'm probably abusing it , but I also use it to scrape my pizza stone clean too . I would purchase this item again .
 As far as grip , weight , dough cutting , and scrapping this product does an excellent job . I also use this to bruise my herbs to bring out the oils , works perfectly . Buying one for mom .
 This pastry scraper is great for easily dividing dough into smaller pieces . It cuts perfectly every time . The ruler on the bottom is very useful when you are rolling your dough out to a specific size . I find this tool most useful for cleanup , when I use it to scrape up all the little doughy flour bits right off the table and into the trash .
 I 'd never owned a dough scraper and I was going to make a recipe that I needed one . This fit the bill , with an added advantage of a ruler on one side of blade . Very handy .
 I purchased both this Red Spoon Spatula and the White Spoon . Neither have dis-colored , faded , warped or melt . This is a very versital spatula . I bought the spatulas for the handle . The flexible rubber fins on the steel handle create a very comfortable feel and will NOT transport heat up the handle . The oversized grips create a very `` ergonomic '' feel and fits my hands without having to tightly grip the handle.The spoon head is very flexible and yet sturdy . It can be used to stir the stiffist pancake mix or thickest chili and yet still clean the side of the bowl smooth . It can also go from normal room temperatures to stirring the soup , sauce or chili without fear of the blade melting or leaving `` that plastic taste '' in the pot.A great product with flexible uses and a staple in my kitchen .
 I bought one of these and a regular red Oxo spatula , and I 've found that I really do n't need any others . I think I would reccommend the red over the white , just because you do n't need to put any thought into which one to grab for the spaghetti sauce . I 've left these in a hot pot of alfredo sauce for half an hour -LRB- OOps ! -RRB- and it came out completely unscathed . Also love that nice grippy handle . Buy one regular red and one spoon shaped red Oxo spatula , and you wo n't need to buy any others !
 We liked our first one so much , we got another ! Very good for scraping and mixing , and does not flex and frustrate like some other types of spatulas .
 This spoon spatula is the first utensil I reach for when I 'm cooking -- no matter what I 'm cooking . I have this in red and white . I actually think the white has become a little stained , the red has n't . I have had no problem with the handle bending or breaking , and I like the fact that it does n't move around in my hand . I can get around the entire bowl in one stroke . It really stays with the form of the bowl or pan .
 When they tell you that this spatula does n't stain - it 's the truth . I love this product .
 It is very comfortable in my hand and does not stain from red sauces . I like it very much
 I got this for my wife for her Birthday and she loves it . No more staining other spatula 's or spoons .
 I really enjoy OXO products . For the price , you really ca n't beat 'em . This is a pretty nice spatula , but not the best that I 've owned . The edges are a little thick and beveled , so you do n't get a reeeaally clean scrape on a curved bowl . But , it does the job for the most part !
 Just bought a new cookware set from Calphalon or another higher end cookware ? Then you will need the proper utensils to accompany your new purchase.Although many brands including Calphalon claim to be scratch resistant , why take a chance testing their claim ? I would n't dare touch my cookware with metal utensils . I slowly collected the utensils that I would need for cooking and considered it an investment.I am reviewing this Tomato Sauce Spoon from Calphalon because it was one of my first purchases along with the Calphalon Sauce Pan . This spoon is ideal to use when making your favorite soups or sauces . Not only is this spoon heat resistent and wo n't melt like off brands do when exposed to heat but the colored scoop part of the utensil is red in color so it wo n't discolor like white or clear utensils do when used in certain cooking.Overall Calphalon utensils are a great investment and really quite affordable as most are under ... . You will get years of use from your new utensils .
 I purchased this item on a whim because it looked like it would be fun to use , and after receiving it , I immediately tried it out . It failed to work on the first bottle , but has worked quite well on all subsequent ones . All I can assume is that the first bottle had a smaller cork than the others.It is very easy to use , removes the cork with a few twists , and makes the cork pop out without any collateral damage . The champagne does n't foam out of the bottle after the cork is released either . So if you like to have the cork pop out of your champagne bottles , but do n't want any damage or harm caused by flying corks , such as dented walls or ceilings , broken dishes , etc. this is the tool for you.I only gave it four stars because of the failure to remove the smaller cork , so it may not work with all bottles . But I 've found it to be much more enjoyable and easier to use than other methods .
 Purchased this product as a present several times . It is great as it pops and no need to worry about catching the cork .
 I bought one of these for myself , and think it 's great - it 's easy to use , you get a very satisfying `` pop '' , no spills , and no more apologies for damaging the neighbour 's greenhouse/car/cat . And it makes a wonderful gift . Except ... no box , and when I ordered via Amazon it could n't even be gift-wrapped -LRB- admittedly , this was the UK Amazon site , if it 's different here , apologies - update the product description , and I 'll re-rate it as 5 stars ! -RRB- . Now , I do n't normally write reviews . In fact , this is my first . And I do it with caring and love , because , if the manufacturers would just please put this ridiculously-shaped but rather fabulous product in a gift-wrappable box -LRB- check the competition - other champagne openers are in boxes -RRB- , I would buy them as gifts for everyone I know . Including kids and family pets .
 I got this in time for New Years and it really did the job well . It may seem silly , but it is n't . Thus really takes the stress out of opening a bottle of bubbly .
 I 've had this champagne opener for years . It 's so easy to use and works great . I 've never tried it on a plastic `` cork , '' but it has worked on every cork I 've tried . I love it and I 'm about to buy one as a gift .
 I used to be a professional cook , and consequently I got spoiled when it comes to tools for my kitchen . I am particularly picky about whisks . This 11 in . one , and the 9 in . one I bought at the same time , are excellent -- and the price is phenominal for such a good product . The grip is a big help if you have to whip up a pint of cream , as I did on Thanksgiving day !
 I bought this whisk because my old one finally broke -LRB- 2 of the wires popped out -RRB- . When I was browsing for a new one , I did n't really know how the whisk was measured . This one is the `` 11-inch '' model , but I did n't know from what to what was included in that measurement . Now I know ! The measurement is from one end to the other tip , and not just the metal part , for anybody else who might be in the dark about this . I am thrilled with this whisk . I also have a silicon-covered whisk , which is not so great , especially when stirring pudding that you have to stir forever . -LRB- I am not a fan of the instant/no stir type . -RRB- That silicon-covered whisk leaves a thick coat of pudding sludge on the bottom of my pan , because it is n't actually scraping the pan like a metal one . I like that these wires are shaped in an elongated manner instead of a more puffed-out shape , it seems to get the job done very well . I guess my old whisk was really junky , but this one is great . Also the rubber handle is comfortable to hold . I do n't find the length too long either , something that is actually an issue , as I am a petite person -LRB- `` short '' -RRB- and long cooking tools are too difficult to deal with .
 Ok , cmon now . It 's a whisk and works well . I own MANY oxo products and am pleased with almost all their products . They all perform their function well and with style . And they are also very comfortable to use thanks to the famous oxo nonslip rubber handle . Seems very sturdily made and have had absolutley no problems . I would hihgly reccommend .
 I have an awesome huge whisk , but sometimes you just do n't want to bother with the weight of a heavy whisk when you 're whisking something lighter . I reach for my OXO Good Grips 11-inch whisk 90 % of the time . It does a great job , the handle is comfortable , it 's not too heavy but can whisk just fine . Unless you 're whisking egg whites by hand , this is an AWESOME go-to whisk . Also , OXO has really good customer service . I had an issue with another product that was my fault , and they replaced it kindly . I really appreciated that . I have many of their kitchen products and have liked them all .
 This whisk feels great in your hand and does a super job whisking eggs whites in a flash . Have tried fancy whisks in the past and they just did n't deliver . This whisk is basic and does what a whisk should . Clean up is easy .
 I 've been downsizing and cooking for one of late and as I was thinning the drawers and crocks of kitchen gadgets it struck me - out of the many and some not so mighty , this is the * last * whisk left.So how is this whisk special ? It handles a single egg or a box of cake mix . The handle is comfortable to hold and weighted just enough that it does n't tire my hand or wrist - even with severe arthritis . It 's large enough not to get totally lost in a bigger bowl but small enough to work efficiently in a tighter bowl too . The tines are n't flimsy - they keep their shape while you are whipping away . Easy cleanup in the dishwasher . Ca n't think of a single thing I 'd change.Last whisk standing.Highly recommended .
 I was very impressed with the quality of this divider . It is very heavy but , the details are impressive . I use it in my living room to hide my treadmill and it works . I had it for over a year now . Great product !
 The recipe cards arrived quickly and was as shown . I would like to see additional style of cards . I am very pleased .
 love these recipe cards . They are really cute and a little class to the recipe box . I will be purchasing more in the future .
 I ordered the recipe cards for a kitchen and recipe shower for my daughter . I needed them quickly and had little time to comparison shop in the mall . The cards arrived within five days in plenty of time to include them with the shower invitation . The recipes were a big hit . Everyone who attended gave her one and were eager to hear what the others had written .
 If you are either a beginner or an expert cake baker , this bent icing knife is one of the best on the market . Thanks to OXO , whose product line , has the best grip handles , the balance of this knife is great . It is the only one you will need .
 I bought this because I , too , wanted a longer icing knife . I works well , with the exception that it is flexible . So , the frosting can not be cold or stiff , which sometimes makes the cake more difficult to ice . It does work fantastically with softer frostings and whipped cream .
 This utensil will slide under cookies stuck on a baking pan without cracking or crumbling them . It will allow you to remove a small square of brownie or cake from a pan without breaking up the pieces alongside it . It transfers several appetizers or treats at a time . And if you do use it to ice a cake , the offset handle provides excellent control and keeps your fingers out of the frosting . It smoothes any topping to absolute perfection -- you will look like a pro .
 After mangling a number of cakes with a butter knife , I gave in and bought this for icing my cakes . It 's perfect for the job . I 'm not a cake artist by any stretch of the imagination ; I 'm happy if the icing is on the cake and the cake is still in one piece . This knife made the job SO much easier . You just load it up with icing and start spreading . It 's simple and easy and the right tool for the job .
 I 'm a beginner cake baker . I recently made my first fondant cake from scratch . This was a great tool for the icing . It is a thin blade as others have stated , but I think it worked well . For a beginner this is definitely a good buy for your money . I 'm excited to bake my next cake and do n't plan on replacing this with a better one . It works great for the job .
 Just finished up 10 dozen cupcakes and though it will take some practice to get the hang of frosting with an offset spatula instead of a table knife , I think it gives a more professional touch . If Martha Stewart can do it , so can I ! So can you ! Honestly , for a couple of dozen cupcakes , use a table knife . But if you do a lot of cake and cupcake frosting , maybe this would be a handy tool to learn to use .
 This knife is very easy to hold and handle . The weight is just right and balanced . I will order more of this in the future .
 I use this offset -LRB- Oxo calls it `` bent '' -RRB- icing knife -LRB- really a spatula -RRB- on a regular basis . I mostly use it with cheesecakes
 This was a very big icing knife . Seems very sturdy as does everything that OXO Grips puts its name under .
 Item arrived quickly , and was very comfortable to use , has just the right amount of flex , but is still strong enough to use for lifting items . Great for spreading and mulit-purpose utility .
 I was afraid this was going to be too big , but it wound up being perfect for my three , 9 X 13 layers . Vegan rainbow cookies !
 I love to bake cakes , so I 'm not sure why I waited so long to buy one of these . Works wonderfully , very easy to use and flexible . Highly recommend it !
 Thank you OXO !!! I have n't used this great tool for icing a cake yet . I used it to loosen some brownies from a cake pan and loosening some cookies before I used the plastic spatula I have -LRB- it has a thicker edge -RRB- . Nice very flat edge works perfectly . Another great OXO product easy on the hands . Love the ergonomic handle !!!
 I use this for icing cakes , transferring cookies to a cooling rack , serving cake , brownies , etc. . I love this tool and I plan on getting a couple more because it 's used so often .
 As a gift , my granddaughter says that she really appreciated my gift . I have one exactly like this one , and I 'm so glad that my granddaughter loves it .
 As with all OXO products you know your buying quality . The grip handle is great for greesey butter icing hands .
 the oxo good grips bent icing knife is a good purchase . i think i would have preferred the shorter knife , but it was not available a the time i bought this one . the shorter one would be easier to manouver around on a cake .
 Great for teflon or nonstick pans . Does not take off the nonstick covering as other wisks do . Only one available as far as I know .
 And it wo n't damage your pans.This whisk is short -LRB- about 6 '' , not including the handle -RRB- and fat -LRB- 3 '' at widest point -RRB- , with only 4 loops , so do n't throw out your old stand by just yet - but 99 % of the time , this one will work perfectly.Dishwasher safe , or incredibly easy to clean by hand -LRB- since the loops are mush-able -RRB- .
 Ideal for those of us who do n't want to scratch up our non-stick pots and pans , but not as strong as a metal whisk for those with other cookware or more labor intensive applications requiring greater durability.As a bonus though the handle is standard Oxo and quite comfortable .
 This sturdy nylon whisk , like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability , and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design , hefty body , and big , pressure-absorbing , non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers , are the reasons why you 'll prefer this product to the more traditional models , as they will allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries.Its elegant , stylized shape fits seamlessly with the rest of the OXO Good Grips collection and is designed to the let flow the most air into your creams , meringues , custards and frostings for fluffier , even results . This is also a great tool for whisking directly into the saucepan on the stove , since its non-abrasive nylon materials are safe to use on non-stick cookware and are heat-resistant up to 400 Fahrenheit . Moreover , it comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging , and its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hardwearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years.After submitting this product to over three years of normal , everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 The whisk was a little bigger than what I really wanted , but I still like it and use it often . I love the quality .
 This whisk is perfect for sauces or anything that you would whisk in a nonstick surface where metal is questionable . The grip is easy to hold and it has some rubber ribbing so that you can set it on the side of the pan.Great Product .
 Would recommend for non-stick pans . It works great without having to worry about scratching them with the metal whisks .
 This whisk has a very comfortable grip , as do all Oxo products , and it does a great job of putting air into the mixture . It 's light weight , but does a fine job .
 this whisk is larger than it appears -- however , it is good for use in non-stick pans and is very easy to clean
 This was purchased as a gift-my daughter did n't have one that was OK for use on non-stick cookware . She was very excited to receive it .
 Works well . Seems strong enough for a nylon whisk . I would not recommend it for whisking anything too thick though .
 i watch Cook 's Country cooking show and get a lot of great recipes and every so often they show products the test.We were looking for a good teflon wisk that held together , this was the choice . it 's great , works well and is sturdy and not flimsy OXO has been a good name . ca n't go wrong
 It 's a great whisk . The thin balloon strands are very flexible , so it wo n't work for really really thick things , but the thin whisk strands are excellent for breaking up lumps in thinner sauces/etc . The handle is standard OXO Good Grips fare , nice feel , thick enough to sit comfortably in your hand , and a nice soft finish . It works well , and does not scratch my teflon pans .
 I was looking for a whisk that wo n't scratch all my plastic bowls and coated cookware . This was a great value and it works well . It 's just as rigid , if not moreso , than a metal one .
 i make 30 pies a week , could not do it without this type of wisk and this one is the best
 Whisk works well to whisk in pans with heat , has n't melted , Holds up well in the dishwasher , ca n't rust , all plastic . Love it !
 I got this for mixing in Teflon pans . It worked great for making gravy when I made a pot roast recently .
 I just love this whisk . I was given this as a gift two Christmas ago , all my girlfriends and daughters LOVED it too . There is alot of cooking in this house !! I used the wire whisk before , I hated that they would rust from the dishwasher and I 'd have to throw them out . This cleans up great , grip is comfortable and it does n't scratch my pans . P.S. All the girls got this little surprise from Santa this year !! -LRB- Very happy girls !! -RRB-
 Wife needed a &#34; safe &#34; whisk to use with her new T-Fal and this appears to be exactly what she wanted .
 I ordered this item and the stainless steel model because my wife said that she wanted a whisk that did n't rust . Both models covered that request , and the added bonus of a large handle make gripping easy with her arthritis . Definitely recommended .
 I got this whisk for cooking in non-stick pots , and it is great ! The rubber coating protects my pots , but it is stiff enough to break up the clumps in my polenta . The handle is comfortable , and it has stood up well to many washes in the dishwasher . Another great OXO Good Grips product .
 I use this to mix my GNC vitamin powders and creatine mixes . It 's large sized , and makes small work of the task . I also use it to make rues for gravy . Not flimsy , not going to fall apart .
 quality is great and this is perfect for grayvies and sauces . . I like this nylon more than any other nylon whisks . I also got the regular whisk for normal use .
 Love it one of the most used items in my kitchen love the material and easily cleaned One of my favorites
 I love this thing , its sturdy yet made of silicone so it wont scratch your pots and pans when making sauces , gravy and eggs . Love it !!!
 I have used this whisk on eggs , gravy and pudding ; it does a very nice job mixing all of them completely and smoothly . It does not scratch my non stick pots and pans like a metal whisk would . I really like how it fits in my hand the handle is soft and easy to hold . Because of it 's non stick coating cleaning it is also very easy , I like to clean most of my kitchen tools by hand so I ca n't comment if it 's dishwasher safe . This tool has made my life just a little bit easier and that 's what it 's all about when it comes to any tool .
 Great whisk and the price is unbeatable . I went with this one since it 's heat resistant and with it being non-metal , I can use it in my non-stick pots without worrying . Thanks OXO for making such a great product with such a low price .
 If u use any nonstick coated pans . This is a must have . Sturdy ... wisks delicate sauces and heavy eaqually well .
 Honestly , this does n't come out all that often , but it works well , feels good in the hand and is safe with non-stick pans . Solidly built and cleans up nicely in the dishwasher . What more do you need or want in a whisk ?
 This whisk is almost magical . It does n't look like it will do anything but it works much , much better than any metal whisk , and the loops are flexible so they scrape the edges of the pan . I would now never use a different whisk .
 THIS LITTLE GEM IS JUST WHAT I NEEDED.DOESN ' T SCRATCH MY PANOR FALL APART .
 As usual , OXo has made an excellent product . I have arthritis and the handle is so kindly . I truly recommend this product .
 I needed a non-metal whisk to use on my non-stick pans and purchased this one after reading several reviews . I have used it on several occasions and it get the job done nicely .
 This is a nice mid-sized whisk . It is great for whisking things in my `` non-stick '' pans . It 's not totally evenly spread - looking straight down it , it looks more like an oval than a circle , but that does n't seem to change the effectiveness of the whisking .
 I ordered this to use with non-stick sauce pans . It was perfect for my application . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 This whisk , and all the Good Grips nylon pieces with which I 've worked , is very adequate , but a tad bulky and not as comfortable in the hand as it 's metal counterpart . Still , works well in non-stick cookware . I would purchase it again .
 you want a non-stick whisk for your non-stick cookwares , and oxo has got this for you . quality product from oxo and amazon sold it to me at $ 4.99 -LRB- which included S&H as i bought items worth of > $ 25 -RRB- .
 I love this whisk ! It is comfortable , large in size and does a great job . What else could you ask for in an affordable whisk ?
 Really nice whisker compared to the metal one we replaced -LRB- it was covered in plastic that wore off with time -RRB- . This one is great and seems very solid and easy to use and clean .
 I 've used several whisks before this in a house of 17 college students , and none held up to the intense usage.This one takes the cake .
 I 've had this whisk for almost four years , and it 's been working very well for me . Some people say it 's not strong enough to do heavy-duty whisking , but I think that 's just a matter of technique . The nylon is long-lasting and easy to clean . It does n't scratch your pots , pans , or bowls . There are advantages there.But it is a bit thick and it will take some adjusting to that if you 're used to wire whisks . I personally did not have a problem once I got the hang of it.But do be careful -- the reviewer who said it is handle-heavy -LRB- `` top heavy '' -RRB- is right . It 'll fall out of a bowl if you leave it there and are n't careful .
 I watch the Food Network regularly and noticed that practically every `` star '' uses Oxo products . I started off with the pepper mill , and am slowly building my collection . They are all wonderful , well made , ergonomic and you ca n't beat the quality for the price ! I 'd confidently purchase ANY Oxo product ! This whisk is perfect if you like to make any sauces or gravies and you want to protect your non-stick pans .
 This is a great whisk ! Very well made ! I have been looking for one to use with my non-stick cookware . A great tool ! I would recommend this one !
 Good deal for the money . Great with pots that you do n't want to scratch surfaces of .
 I got this whisk because I wanted something to use on my stainless steel and non-stick pots and pans that would n't damage the surface like a metal whisk would . I own a lot of oxo products and like them all , and this whisk is no exception . For the price the quality is good and is exactly what I needed . I mostly use it to make gravy and it is great at getting the lumps out and scraping the saucepan . I would recommend this whisk if you want something to use for cooking that wo n't scratch your pots and pans , but for baking I would recommend theZyliss Quick Blend Whiskas it is a bit more rigid and better for cookies and dough .
 Excellent ! The grip handle makes it easy to use and the balloon head doubles as a spatula to scrape the sides of a bowl .
 The nylon whisk is perfect if you do n't want to scratch your pots and pans . It , can withstand high heat .
 I was disappointed with this whisk . Perhaps my expectations of a nylon whisk were unrealistic , but I was hoping for a little more strength . The handle is solid , the construction seems solid , but the whisk bends when I try to stir anything even relatively thick . I 'll continue to use it for liquids but I 'll be looking for another , stronger whisk . Maybe something metal with a silicon coating .
 It 's a good whisk , I like OXO for their comfortable grips . It could have been a little sturdier but overall a good purchase .
 I bought this to use with a non-stick double boiler also purchased on Amazon and it turned out to be a very comfortable and functional whisk too . We use it all the time in favor over the older wire whisks . It has just the right amount of flex and feel with a comfortable handle for small or large jobs .
 Used for the first time today making gravy . The soft silicone does n't scratch my T Fal cookware but blended the gravy very smoothly . Not a lump in the gravy & not a scratch in my pot ! The whisk is pliable to bend into corners of the pots/pans and get anything sticking to the edges/sides of pan . Very happy with this whisk . The grip is comfortable .
 This whisk has a comfortable handle , is lightweight , and seems to be strong built . Works just as good as my metal one with the plus of not scratching . I 'm happy with the purchase .
 This works great and is really easy to clean . It 's great that you can use them for non-stick pans . Highly recommend .
 This works perfectly when you have pots and pans that you do n't want to scratch with a metal whisk . It 's strong and holds up well even in tougher mixtures .
 This Oxo Good Grips whisk can not double for the sturdy wire balloon whisk that I use for most jobs ; however , it is perfect when bare metal is not a good choice for mixing . Because I make sourdough bread and starter , I needed a non-reactive whisk to better blend the flour and water when feeding the starter . Anything thicker than pancake batter , however , will severely test this whisk . Its head bends quite easier , and the fit between loops is not tight enough to keep everything in place while whisking , although so far everything pops back in place when I 'm done . As with all Good Grips products , the rubber handle is comfortable and non-slip . It also gets points for being dishwasher-safe . Do not get this whisk if you do n't already have a heavy-duty one . This whisk is best used against nonstick surfaces or in cases where you need a non-reactive means of mixing . For an everyday whisk , I would give it only two stars , but , as a supplemental utensil , it gets five stars from me , primarily because it is exactly what I wanted and expected . -- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
 This is a GREAT nylon whisk . I use it all the time . It is great for my non-stick cook wear and I would recommend others buy this item .
 I have been using this product and I really love it . I look forward to using it for a long time .
 only have used it once but it serves its purpose , needed a silicone one for my non-stick pans and this one works just fine !
 Firstly , I love all OXO products . They are sturdy , the handles are made from slip-resistant rubber and they are fairly easy to clean . I purchased this balloon whisk so that I could finally whisk items while they are in my good non-stick cooking pans , without damaging them . While they nylon whisk part is n't as stiff as most metal whisks , this does the job very well and I 'm happy with it .
 Works great in any pot or pan or melanine dish that is easy to scratch . A really good investment to aide in protecting the investment you have already made . Rubber wisk parts do not get bent all out of shape as the wire products do .
 I bought this whisk because I could not use the metal whisk I had in my GreenLife pans . No loss of function or any problems from the use of nylon v. stainless steel . It is also lightweight and dishwasher safe . The price was very reasonable . Just the right product for the use i had for it .
 I love this whisk . It is easy to clean and does n't scratch my new pots . It is dishwasher safe but very easy to clean by hand as well .
 This is a wonderful silicone whisk . Now I can stir gravy in a coated skillet and not take a chance on ruining the finish.Thanks for a wonderful product !
 I would have liked it a bit more if the tines were a bit stiffer , but otherwise does a good job . I 'll still reach for the metal whisk if I 'm not working in a non-stick pan .
 Wow , I thought this was going to be too heavy to handle but not so , it is so light and easy to whisk anything you might want to whip up quick fast and in a hurry . I love this one as well and I got Rachael Rays as well and a viewer said that hers fell apart , so I went and got this one just in case it does and I have a back up . -LRB- Hers has not given away yet too soon to tell -RRB- Do get this one first . Hint
 I use a metal balloon whisk in general , but always hesitated when using it in teflon coated non stick pots and pans . This nylon whisk solves that problem , and although not quite as good of a whisk as a sturdy metal whisk with more tines , still very effective . Also the handle is very comfortable.If you 're looking for a good whisk that can be safely used in any type of cookware , here 's your whisk .
 This is a great whisk . It can be used in my non-stick cookware without damaging it . I find the handle easier to control than the sort of whisk I had before with a smaller , thinner handle.One of my favorite gadgets .
 Got the Nylon Whisk because my daughter bought new pots an did not want to scrach them an that is why i got it an she likes it .
 Very good for non stick surfaces , but not good at stiff applications . overall a great product for the price .
 Perfect for non-stick cookware . Does the job and is easy to clean . Great item .
 I do n't use this often , but when I do it 's indispensable . I have a very good set of thick aluminum teflon lined pans . They cost me a small fortune , so , knowing how temperamental Teflon coatings can be , I will not use -LRB- or allow the use -RRB- of metal tools in my pans.This is why I love this whisk . Whenever I 'm making a sauce , this is the tool I grab . The handle is large and comfortable , the sticky rubber surface of the handle provides a confident grip , and the nylon `` tines '' are sturdy yet flexible enough to provide just the degree of blending I need when making Alfredo -LRB- or any other -RRB- sauce . And despite the fact that it 's a `` balloon '' whisk it 's still small enough to make and effective tool . Maybe OXO will make a slightly smaller version of this ? Hope so.Lovely !
 This Mikasa set is wonderful , and I 'm glad I got the platter to go with it . Could n't be happier - it not too thick and heavy , but more like a fine china .
 all items i ordered and rec 'd were of excellent quality . exactly what i wanted .
 Works well for a sifter of flour and such . However , do n't try to sift something like Bisquick -LRB- which I think you really should n't do anyway -RRB- -- your efforts will be futile ! I like the fact that it has a lid on both ends so that when you 're filling it , you do n't spill flour all over the counter pouring it in -LRB- leaking from the bottom -RRB- . Very durable and sturdy ; much better than those that are much less expensive AND cheaply made .
 Oxo Good Grips Flour SifterThe OXO Good Grips Sifter was designed to make sifting easier and faster , and baking that much more enjoyable . The Sifter has no troublesome awkward levers to pull or cold steel handles to squeeze instead , it features a comfortable handle that fits perfectly in your hand . With a slight shake side to side , the sifting mechanism is activated and with little effort you have perfectly sifted flour . These were the main features that I was looking for in a flour sifter . Something that you just shook and the flour would be sifted , after-all I 'm not looking at the performance of a sports car , this is just a flour sifter . Something that does n't take up much room , but is efficient in its use with little effort . The top and bottom lids keep flour fresh and the inside of your cupboards clean . The OXO Good Grips Sifter is so much easier to use that you will look forward to those recipes that call for sifted ingredients . Simply shake side to side for sifted flour or powdered sugar Comfortable , ergonomic handle Top and bottom lids keep sifter and cupboards clean , Dishwasher safe.Some of the products features are : * Wide , comfortable , ergonomic handle * Sifter shakes side to side with one-handed operation * Cup and gram measurements listed * Lids seal the top and bottom * Stainless-steel construction * Dimensions
 I love this sifter . You shake it back to forth and it sifts for you . Very easy to use !! I love how there are lids for the top and bottom . So I can save my powder sugar in there and just take off the bottom lid when I want to use it . Which is usually for french toast !!!
 Like other OXO products , this one is also a good buy ! Every time I buy OXO products , I get what I expect from OXO ! Some reviews say it 's too slow , but I think it 's okay . I like this shifter better than traditional squeeze-handle shifters which make my hand and wrist tired . OXO flour shifter is easy to use , clean , and store , and I like it . The only disappointment was that the one I received from Amazon had a large dent on it . Other than that , it 's a must-have for baking .
 We do not use a sifter too often , but we did need a sifter for the times where it is really required . Overall , this sifter is sturdy and carries the Oxo name with pride . However , the actual sifting mechanism seems a bit loose -LRB- it has been working great for months and will likely continue to do so for many years to come -RRB- . Also , it takes a good bit of time to sift a large quantity of flour . It might help to have a larger container or a different type of mechanism . But if you need something larger you are likely looking at a different sifter anyway . While it could be improved upon , this sifter is by no means a bad product . In fact , it is a very good product and meets/exceeds our needs . The Oxo Good grips Flour Sifter is recommeded for most people .
 Oxo wins again with this handy gadget ! -LRB- Excuse the pun -RRB- It is easy to use and can be operated one-handed using a side-to-side motion . It has tight-sealing lids for both the top and bottom , so you can leave flour in it all of the time . It holds two cups , which is perfect for most applications , yet it remains small enough for easy storage . I had been using a strainer , which can be pretty messy , so this was a big step up from that.One thing to note regarding the tag for arthritis on this ... I have psoriatic arthritis , which effects my hand & wrist joints . After typical use with this sifter , my wrist joint is pretty sore . I do not think this is a better option than traditional sifters , in that regard , but I thought I would mention it . Perhaps the tag is there because the handle is more ergonomic ...
 I have had this sifter for several years now and it is the best of the 5-6 I have had . It is sturdy stainless and has convenient covers on top and bottom . Since I have arthritis , I find it easier to use than a trigger type or winder . Yes , it 's slower , and it is small , but for me it has lasted longer than any others I have had , without leaking or breaking !
 It 's impossible to find flour sifters in the Omaha area so I was surprised to find amazon had any and that Oxo made one . I was beginning to think people did n't go to the bother of sifting flour anymore !
 I 'm a amateur baker and I love this product , It 's easy to use . I do n't understand the people who said `` slow '' -LRB- including my cousin -RRB- , because for me it 's very good , I guess I found the right move , since the first use , to make it work properly . I would like it to be a little bigger so it can hold 500grs not only 400grs of flour .
 This is the best sifter I have ever owned , I am extremely happy with it . It has plastic lids both top and bottom which saves on mess and the handle allows you to just shake it and it sifts well and does n't take forever to complete the job .
 Another awesome product from OXO ! Very ergonomic . Heavier gage mesh than pictured . Should last for the rest of MY life ! Thanks Grandma , but the mesh wore out on your old one !!! Wish it had a handle on the side like Grandma 's old one . The shaking can be a bit cumbersome for those that have a problem with repeatative motion difficulty .
 I have to agree with the other reviews on this sifter . It is much easier and less painful than grip sifters . I highly recommend it .
 This sifter is extremely simple to use . No mess ; it 's easy to manage any size sifting job
 I 've tried the squeezing kind as well as the crank kind . The squeezing kind either cramps my hand or with the three screen version , takes FOREVER to sift . The crank kind puts flour everywhere other than in my bowl . This sifter is effortless . By shaking the sifter from side to side , the flour gets sifted quickly and where I want it . I like the addition of the two caps -LRB- top and bottom -RRB- to keep the excess flour from dusting the inside of my cabinet . The bottom cap is also great for when you 're actually filling the sifter .
 A lot of thought was obviously put into this product . It is well designed and manufactured from high quality materials . I expect it will last me many years.Unlike some other reviewers I had no problem with speed . I sifted 3 cups of flour in under a minute . I did notice that the mesh screen at the bottom of the sifter can be removed for cleaning . I also noticed that it can become dislodged and not flush with the agitator at the bottom of the sifter . This may be why some folks are experiencing slow sifting . They may simply need to realign the mesh screen properly.The plastic lids that come with this sifter are a brilliant addition . Put the bottom lid on when scooping the flour into the sifter then put the top lid on while shaking to keep the flour from shaking out the top . Then use both lids when storing the unit.The metal is a very sturdy but I was disappointed by the plastic handle . I would have preferred the rubberized grip OXO uses for most of their other products . -LRB- -1 star -RRB-
 After waiting all these many years , a flour shifter that really works . AND it has the plastic covers , top and bottom , so the flour shifter does not have to be stored in a plastic bag ! Love this item ... well , I love everything OXO !
 I have to say this sifter is the obvious winner even without any flour . The popular grip-trigger models get stuck every other squeeze . This one is a dream . No sticky , complicated parts to break and a very simple , easy to use shake-side-to-side design . I also love the comfortable handle and the clever caps for top and bottom to keep the flour from shaking all over the cupboard during storage . Easy to use , easy to clean , easy to store .
 I have been looking for a sifter just like this for YEARS . My mother had one with a similar mechanism and a handle on top that you moved from side-to-side ; I much preferred it over the one with the squeeze handle . So , after I ventured out of the house on my own , I hunted for one , but to no avail ; I 've had to make due with the awful squeeze handle type that take forever and cramp one 's hand . This one is a new twist on that old favourite that makes it even easier ... no handle on top to move back-and-forth , now it 's just a simple shakeshakeshake and you 're through ! The plastic covers are a great addition , especially when filling the sifter . Oxo products come through again !
 Like most OXO products I 've tried , this sifter is solidly constructed and has a comfortable handle . Other sifters I 've used are operated by squeezing a trigger-type mechanism behind the handle , but this one has a hinged handle that swivels back and forth when you shake it . I find the shaking motion is easier on my arm if I 'm sifting a large quantity of flour . The sifter also comes with plastic lids for the top and bottom which are nice for storage .
 I wish I would have replaced my old squeeze type sifter long ago , I just did n't figure this shake type would do anything but make a mess . I was wrong . I would n't use a tiny bowl to sift into , but it does n't have to be huge to keep from making a mess . This works very well and my hand does n't get cramped up when I 'm sifting a bunch of flour for cookies or bread .
 perfect sifter . works great . small in size so easy to store . would definitely buy it again .
 The grip is nice andOxo Good Grips Flour Siftercomfortable for my arthritic friend . The mechanical action on the sifteris very smooth . Also the sifter comes with a lid so you can store it without getting flour all over everything .
 I received this product as a gift and love it . It 's easy to use and the covers for the top and bottom make it great for when you need to add things gradually .
 This looks like something that is broken , but it 's not . It 's crazy , but the darn thing works very well and I 'm glad I have it .
 I bought this sifter because I use whole wheat flour and the particles would get caught between the sieves when there are more than one sieve . With this one , I can easily clean any particles that do n't go through the sieve , as there is only one .
 I 've tried to up the rating to five stars and ca n't figure out how to do that . I originally gave this four stars because I feel the design could be greatly improved with very little change . Based on experience with other sifters , I felt I was being too tough and wanted to change to five stars.When I was a kid -LRB- many , many years ago -RRB- my mother had a sifter than had a long , straight handle . You could shake this sifter side to side or hold the sifter in one hand and rapidly move the handle back and forth with the other hand . It was the best sifter I 've ever used and I 've been looking for something like it ever since I started baking on my own . This sifter gave me a hint that it might work the same way that old sifter did , and it 's close.The sifter is very well made . It is about 41/2 '' in diameter across the top and 31/2 '' across the bottom . It will hold about three cups of flour , although it 's only marked to two cups . The `` cup '' portion is definitely quality stainless steel . The pivot point of the handle is hidden under the `` comfort grip '' portion , so I ca n't tell what the connection is like . There are no holes or openings in the `` cup '' portion that will leak flour . The caps are a nice addition , especially the bottom cap . With that on , you do n't need to be concerned about the sifter dusting everything in the cupboard with flour.Another reviewer said it is very slow . I 've just tried mine out , and found out a few things I 'd like to share . Please keep in mind that I use home-milled , whole grain flour , so my experience might be a little different from one using all-purpose flour.If I put less than 2 cups of flour in the sifter , it worked better than if I filled it up . When I filled it , hardly any flour would sift . I found shaking it from side to side was on the slow side , even with a smaller amount . Using the memory of my mother 's sifter , I tried holding the cup and moving the handle back and forth with my other hand . This worked VERY well , and the sifting was as fast as any other sifter I 've used . When moving the handle back and forth it was going across the entire bottom and ending against the side . The little `` bump '' against the side seemed to make the difference between fast and slow sifting . My problem is that I have small hands and it was uncomfortable for me to put my hand across the top of the opening.OXO , if you 're listening , please make a smaller size of this with a smaller `` can '' . This would be the perfect sifter if it was small enough for me to hold comfortably in one hand . And that 's saying a lot since I 've been looking for a good sifter for 30 years !
 Lots of reviewers have commented about how it took them minutes to sift a single cup of flour . I sifted 3 cups worth in about 15 seconds , and I was n't shaking it excessively either . The sifting action works well , and I did not have any problems with flour going all over or needing to use a super large bowl to catch it all . Honestly , I do n't know if the other reviewers got a bad item , or if they were trying to sift a coarsely ground material , but it works fine .
 This little gadget made a wonderful gift for my elderly Grandmother , who suffers from arthritis in her fingers . She had been complaining about how her old `` trigger '' sifter was too hard and painful for her to use , and she needed an alternative , because she did not want to give up baking . This item was the perfect fit , as it requires only a slight back and forth shaking to dispense the flour . Yes , it is a tad bit slower than the traditional sifters , but not by a very noticable amount . Also , the lids to keep the flour from billowing out the top while in use is ingenious , and the bottom lid works well for adding forgotten ingredients in mid sift , so it can be set down without spilling all over the counter . All in all , it 's a great little sifter , but if speed is what you want , and arthritis is not a problem for you , you may be better off with a trigger or crank sifter . But , if you do have trouble with the traditional sifters , this item is for you .
 Handle is comfortable , sifter design works very well and I love the cover for top and bottom-no powder messes in my cuboards-OXO never fails to impress me .
 This is the smallest sifter I 've ever seen . It will hold about two cups of flour . I 've used it a couple times now and I fill it with one cup at a time.Possible cons : * The motion of shaking side-to-side can create a bit of mess unless done over a large bowl with a steady arm.What I like : * The small size . I have a small kitchen and I do n't sift a lot . This item is easy to store . * The top and bottom lids . I do n't plan on storing flour in it but the lids keep it clean and free of debris when stored.I 've used this sifter for AP flour and powdered sugar , both with great results . The sifter is easy to clean . The side-by-side sifting action works fine for my needs . It 's fairly quick . I can sift a cup of flour in about 20 - 30 seconds . Would I want to do 10 cups per day like this ? Of course not . For bigger jobs I 'd get a bigger crank-style sifter .
 I love the fact there are two covers both top and bottom . Makes it is a much cleaner ordeal . The sifter is a shake sifter which is great for those of us with arthritis . Price is worth it . Over all , well made and a must for all bakers .
 I have loved my sifter for over a decade now ! It is the only one I will ever use . Some people say it 's slow to use but I do n't find that true at all . I use the same technique that one would use if all you had was a sieve . Put the hand that is free to the side such that when you shake you are bumping the sifter against that hand . This is still so much less strain on my hands than anything with a crank or trigger but lets me rip through the sifting rapidly between the mixing the batter.There is the drawback that you can only fit about 2.5 cups of ingredients in it at a time . I 've been known not to dump the last cup of flour in till I 've started the sifting if the batch is something really big , but that 's not a big concession . It may actually be a huge help since it stops me from lifting to much weight at any given time -LRB- till I lift my tempered glass bowl -RRB- . Even though my wrists do tire when overworked this sifter does not contribute to that pain at the same rate as so many tools in my kitchen . I ca n't even use a trigger sifter any more and the ones with the crank leave me sore in under a minute . For those of us who had to stop baking because of our hands this may be the only thing that lets you go back to making cakes from scratch . During the holiday I can get through batches of several baked goods which would not be possible if this gizmo was n't a good ergonomic solution!The handle and barrel are solidly constructed.The sieve screen is n't super fine and easy to just knock clean . Because it 's flat it 's easy to run the edge of a knife gently around the edge if you sifted something a bit sticky , just do n't pole at it.The bottom cover is n't like tupperware tight but it lets you set the sifter down on a counter while filling so that do n't have to put a plate under it.The top cover is reasonably good , you can prevent spill over if you happen to have overfilled it , but I would n't keep it on throughout the entire process.Admittedly , I 've never sifted brown sugar with it -LRB- never seen a recipe that did that as opposed to just creaming the sugar -RRB- or run it through a dishwasher . I 've treated it with the same care that I did with my mom 's old sifter and I 'm sure mine will last the 20 years and more her way ancient thing managed .
 This sifter is exactly what you want . The sifting action is great , no quantity/time of sifting trouble like other reviewers . I filled it up with my dry ingredients and it sifted through the whole amount easily and with little effort . The design is good and the caps/lids for both ends are AWESOME . Buy it , you wo n't regret it .
 This sifter is much easier on the hand than the average sifter , as it does not require the constant squeezing action as with other sifters . Just shake it from side to side . The item arrived very quickly , and I 'm happy with my purchase .
 I usually keep a few rice grains in the bottom of any sifters for that extra help , but this thing barely needs it . I 've had a couple trigger sifters flat out break on me and by far prefer this design-nothing mechanical to break down . The caps on the sifter are my favorite part , though I did forget to take off the bottom one at first -LRB- whoops -RRB- - but they 're handy to have . Hand wash and return to cabinet . Lasts sifter you 'll ever need .
 I like the fact that this is not a bulky sifter and that it has lids on the top as well as the bottom . Hope that the shaking part of it will not break , stay tuned .
 As someone who a -RRB- does a lot of baking and b -RRB- has had arthritis for the past two decades , Oxo 's Good Grips Sifter is a lifesaver for sore hands . Instead of the usual squeeze trigger found on metal sifters , the Oxo sifter swings from side to side , no squeezing required.In addition to the user-friendly design , the Oxo can measure up to two cups of flour , and the included top and bottom storage lids add to its versatility . This is a wonderful gift for any cook .
 I do n't know why people are saying this product works slowly ? I find that you can dispense a cup of flour in about 10 seconds . Maybe they can design this sifter so that the covers can use a hinge to open and close , so the covers stay with the unit , but other than that , it does its job .
 Used this sifter for a cake and frosting and got mostly great results . The flour went right through - I was amazed at how quickly it worked . The confectioner 's sugar for the frosting did n't go as quickly , but the sweeper at the bottom worked very well for breaking up clumps . I much prefer this to my old crank-style sifter , and it 's infinitely better than the trigger style ones , which are just too big for my hands -LRB- not to mention impossible to clean -RRB- . It would be better if it worked faster for powdered sugar , but it ca n't be beat for flour .
 This is such a great item ! What a clever innovation . Who would have thought that there could be a new way to sift flour without getting carpal tunnel syndrome ? This is it !! And as most other reviewers noted , the plastic storage covers are really , really nice . I suppose I 'll get over it sooner or later , but for now , I actually look forward to sifting !
 I bought this for my mother last year for Christmas , upon her request . She has Arthritis and needed a sifter , and she loves this one ! A lot of times you will get a sifter that wo n't sift well , or that is hard to use . Not this one ! Easy to use and reliable ! I highly recommend this sifter .
 I am not as experienced a baker as most who have posted here , but I just made a perfectly lovely Angel Food cake . I sifted several cups of flour several times , with no problems at all . I like this sifter and would recommend it to others .
 I found this product on sale in a specialty shop and grabbed it up at 1/2 price . I have used the OXO products for 3 years and have been very pleased with all items -LRB- with the exception of one soap scrubber -RRB- . I like the way I can put the flour in this sifter with the lower lid in place , add baking soda , baking flour and salt without everything coming out before I 've finished my measures , then once completed , place the upper lid , removing lower lid and sift as easy as pie . This is the best sifter I have ever used . Wish they made one with bigger volume , as well .
 This is the best champagne stopper we have ever used ! There are no metal parts to rust or corrode . We enjoy mimosas and do n't always finish a bottle and this keeps the champagne fresh until you open it again .
 Has a grippy handle like many OXO products , but small enough to allow various handholds . One can wisk and lift simultaneously allowing excellent aeration . The flat shape permits scraping a roux or omelette off the bottom of a cooking surface which evens the cooking of a thickening liquid . Although it 's metal it does not scratch a pan when held flat , even nonstick , as there are no sharp surfaces on the wire . Because of the slight bend in the shape it is usable as a spatula . Usable for straining tempura , hushpuppies , dumplings , etc. . The flat design means all surfaces of the wire can be easily reached for cleaning and it stores more compactly .
 This is one of my most-used cooking tools . What makes this whisk stand head and shoulders above the crowd of balloon whisks is the fact that it 's flat -- well , slightly dished , like a skeleton of a serving spoon -- which makes it a snap to clean . It performs the usual whisking chores with aplomb , but can be wiped clean in a fraction of the time -LRB- and with a fraction of the water -RRB- required for a traditional balloon whisk .
 Terrific little kitchen utensil . Flat shape makes it easy to get into and around edges of pan and the larger , easy grip handle is comfortable to use .
 Amazon states that this item is `` sturdy , nylon construction ; safe to use with nonstick cookware '' . The tag on this OXO whisk reads `` stainless steel '' . Perhaps you are willing to use this on your nonstick cookware ... . but I am not willing to risk scratching my cookware investment.If your cookware can handle stainless steel kitchen tools , this appears to be a very good whisk .
 This is a difficult to find item . I like it better for both whisking and stirring . It is easier to control and to clean . I use it for scrambling eggs in a stainless steel skillet .
 Oxo has done it again ! This whisk is really great for making sauces and melting chocolate . It gets into all the corners and does an outstanding job of whisking ingredients into a smooth velvety paste with limited effort .
 Usually used for sauces and gravies , it also is great with batters - cornbread , angel biscuits , etc. . One of my most used utensils .
 I was looking for a regular whisk and accidently purchased a flat whisk . Luckily for me , I fell in love with the flat whisk . It does just as good -LRB- or even better -RRB- of a job at whisking PLUS you can do more . For example , this whisk is great for flipping delicate omeletes . Also , the shape allows for this device to fit in more places then a traditional whisk . AND it fits much better in drawers.I highly recommend this product
 Naother fabulous product from OXO Good Grips . I purhcased several of these for my kitchen as well as for friends . The grip is easy to hold ergonomically and it allows you to whisk without getting tired . Washes up nicely too !
 Got this for my husband , he had seen it on cooking shows and we could not find one locally . It does a great job , is very versatile and very easy to clean .
 I wanted to try a flat whisk and this works great . The only thing I would change is to make it longer and the handle weigh less . I like to set it down and hook it on the edge of the pan between stirs but the handle is to heavy and it will flip unless I set the handle on the pan edge which can get the handle messy , risks it sliding into the pan , and could potentially melt it . Otherwise I really do like it .
 The have to have kitchen utensil when cooking any rue , sauces , gravy , etc. . It is simple yet makes all off your stove sauces come out perfect .
 Needed a mid-sized whisk as I 'm doing more cooking and food prep . This fits the bill nicely . Seems like it will last a long time . Always best to have the right tool for the right job .
 Flat whisks are much easier to clean than standard whisks . Prefer this type to mix pancake batter , cake mixes , and cookies . Since they are flat , makes them easier to clean and batter does not clump at the bottom like a standard whisk .
 This type of whisk was recommended for making pan gravy.With Thanksgiving upcoming , last year , I purchased this with home-made turkey gravy in mind : -RRB- Made easy work of scraping up the meat drippings from the roasting pan and mixing in the flour etc.Although I 've used it to whisk eggs , make puddings and for what one would normally use a whisk for , I 'm looking forward to gravy making this Thanksgiving again :-RRB- ~ Enjoy ~
 It has a nice length with balanced handle and nice tongs to reach all the surfaces of a pan or bowl . I hand wash it and do not put it in the dish washer .
 Everything I could want in a whisk . I much prefer the flat whisk over the balloon whisk and this one did not disappoint .
 I purchased this whisk as a birthday present for my sister . She loved it so much she had me order several more for her to give as Christmas presents this coming December . Talk about being ahead of the game !
 I first became aware of the OXO Good Grips Flat Whisk in a specialty grocery store about thirty miles from our present home . I used it to sift dry ingredients for home-made baking projects . It became a staple of my kitchen . It mixes the dry ingredients very quickly in just a few strokes , much more quickly than a spoon . I also use it to mix the dry ingredients into the wet without a lot of churning . This keeps the batter from toughening . I should also mention that it is very easy to clean by hand , due to its flatness.After a few years of use , I had become addicted to the use of this baking tool . Unfortunately , I found its match - stiff cookie dough . It snapped off at the base of the handle . OK , I need to limit the strength of the dough that I mix with it . But I still wanted another for the flour sifting and light dough mixing that this whisk does so well.I could not find this whisk anywhere I looked - lots of OXO products - but no flat whisks . Amazon.com to the rescue . Amazon had them , so I bought two and a stronger third whisk for the heavier doughs - the ` Best Manufacturers Flat Roux/Gravy Whip 12-inch . ` Naturally , I am happy with the purchase and the products .
 I 'm an avid cook and am willing to give reasonable kitchen gadgets a try here and there , and I 'm so glad I opted to try this flat whisk ! I have traditional and ball whisks , but this one is my go to whisk 99 % of the time . It works well , is easy to clean , and it does n't take up tons of drawer space or get tangled among the other tools . For anything I would have used a traditional whisk or a fork for , I now use this , and I love it . In fact , I like it so much , I 've even given it as gifts to other cooks .
 My new go-to kitchen gadget . Manageable size , fits well in my hand , and does exactly what it 's supposed to do .
 Sturdy and comfortable , love the flat style . The price is right and it works extremely well , what is not to love ?
 I just got this -LRB- plus 3 extras for gifts -RRB- after reading other reviews , and I 'm thrilled ! It mixes beautifully , better than conventional whisks and it gets around the edges perfectly . Highly recommended .
 Good for scraping flat surfaces like a skillet when you need to make gravy or scrape bits off a pan before deglazing .
 light weight , compact , hugs the bottom of a pan or bowl with very little spatter . Exactly what I wanted . It was on my daughter 's Christmas list & I also ordered one for myself . I 'm happy I did
 This is a very useful tool for mixing the dry ingredients in your baking . The rubber handle makes it comfortable to use . Very sturdy , sufficient product .
 I 'm a pretty good cook . I have a lot of kitchen gadgets and tools , but I never used a flat whisk before -- just made things work with a traditional balloon whisk.I love this flat whisk when I 'm making a sauce/gravy/reduction in a large pan . It works better than any balloon whisk for blending and breaking down thickeners or solids . The handle fits well in my average-sized hand and the Good Grips feature is always a plus . OXO -- I have n't gone wrong with your brand yet .
 I love this item . I previousely bought another one which was a teflon-type whisk and did n't care for it . This one is great . It glides over the pan .
 Basically , I no longer use my balloon whisks . This whisk is excellent for gravies , sauces , making taco meat , etc. . It gets into the edges of the pan and is really easy to clean .
 I really like this item because it comes in handy to do such a simple task -- wiping ingredients off , say , a cutting board into your pot or pan . It beats getting food on your hand , or having to use your knife -LRB- dulls it -RRB- to scrape food as well . Doubles as a dough cutter . Very nice and comfortable . Inexpensive little extra for your kitchen !
 I was looking for a tool that could make chocolate curls but would n't scrape a marble surface . This seemed to fit the bill , so I got it . It does fabulously for chocolate curls -- the hefty , comfy grip makes it very easy to hold and finely control . Once I had it , however , I found plenty of other uses for it , too . For instance , it 's great for baking cookies and pastries
 I asked myself this question and I went ahead and bought the Oxo Scoop anyway . I am VERY serious about coffee , possibly even compulsive , nevertheless ... I only buy beans direct from small Kona coffee plantations in Hawaii ... use only a burr grinder not a cheap whirling blade ... blades are for spices , not for coffee beans ... use only filtered or bottled spring water , and , as a result , it puts a premium on getting it right including the exact measurement for the beans ... the Oxo scoop is perfect , priced right , it has a good weightiness in the hand -LRB- it could be described as `` feel '' -RRB- and it is easy to keep clean ... buy it , you will not be disappointed ...
 I just received my OXO coffee scooper and bought a second for my mom for Mother 's Day/Birthday as one of her gifts . I 've used mine already and it 's simply fantastic !! Easy to hold and no more searching for my little plastic scooper . This is a MUST HAVE for all coffee drinkers who make many pots of coffee per day as I do . Be it one pot or 5 , you 'll really love this ! Highly Recommended product and a MUST HAVE for your kitchen !
 If you can find one , this will be the best and last coffee scoop you every buy . The shape of the bowl and length of the handle are just perfect .
 We 're big OXO fans in our house . I 'd be willing to wager we own more OXO than anyone this side of the Mississippi . I 'm not kidding.We do n't actually make coffee all that often , but the OXO coffee scoop just screamed out to us so we snatched it up . It 's got a triangular shape to the scoop that not only looks distinctive , it also digs cleanly into the grounds . The handle is that classic -LRB- and now much-imitated -RRB- OXO style . It 's substanial enough it wo n't get lost in your drawer -LRB- but stylish enough to hang up if you keep it on the countertop -RRB- . Does the job , looks cool , gets 5 stars
 Very pretty and a great size for holiday gatherings . Just as durable and nice as the rest of the pieces in this pattern .
 We ordered this platter to go with the full set we purchased for our Daughters Wedding , Our Daughter specifically wanted a simplewhite pattern , and i have to say it is very nice , it goes well with most anything . the shipment arrived on time and as described , acceptfor the factory carton being a bit tattered , the platter was fine . i would have liked the box to be in better condition since it was a wedding gift , but it worked out fine , thanks
 will be extremely useful for holiday dinners or when we have dinner parties . plate is light weight and sturdy as is the entire antique white set . wish there was an even larger plate -LRB- like 20 '' -RRB- . may get a second one . arrived within stated time frame .
 Just as described . Each measures 33/4 by 2 inches and made of strong fine china . I immediately put them through the dishwasher and they came out fine , no chips or scratches . A little brighter white than I had anticipated ; they are not what I would call ivory but instead a bright , slightly antique white . Nice weight but still delicate enough for a dinner party and strong enough for every day .
 The item was received promptly and in perfect condition , as always . I appreciate being emailed when this design is on special .
 We have almost all the Mikasa Antique White pieces and love them all . These are very pretty and durable .
 I am happy to have these Mikasa Antique White Salt and Pepper shakers for my dinner table ! The set is of quality material , a pretty white china that goes nicely with my dinnerware . Thanks for the great product at a great price !
 I love the mikasa antique white line . I use them for my everything dishes and eternally get compliments on them . The salt and Pepper shakers are not an exception to the rule . They are beautifully simple .
 Will do the job . Kinda flimsey . About the quality I would expect for a product 1/2 the price . Do n't buy this one just get one from a department store . Product and shipping costs not worth the item .
 The blade on this is wonderful . It had just the right balance between stiffness and flexibility . You 'd have to go to a professional cookware shop to get another blade like this for frosting cakes/pastries . Plus the handle is the comfortable , grippy Oxo handle that I love.I used to hate frosting cakes and desserts , now it is a pleasure .
 Orchid lovers beware ! You wo n't want to give these away so be sure to buy 2 sets ! You get 12 beautiful cards with matching envelopes . I purchaed these as a gift for a friend and had to buy myself a set as well . They measure 4x6 and are pretty enough to mat & frame !! The cards themselves are high quality . They do n't fall apart like other note cards I 've purchased in the past . You will not be disappointed !
 THESE CARDS ARE GORGEOUS . YOU THINK YOU ARE IN HAWAII . I PLAN TO BUY AT LEAST THREE MORE AND GIVE AS GIFTS.LYNN J. SCHROEDER
 Love this cards and I 'm not even an orchid fan . They are very colorful and the art is beautiful . The picture that shows the very light drawing is the envelopes . Great buy !
 Very pretty little correspondence cards in a small matching box . The enclosed envelopes are a pale blue color . The cards arrived on time and are a pleasure to send .
 Reviewing a Ladle is rather hard , as there 's not much to say other than why I like it . The grip is good , and absorbs heat , so if you 're working with a hot sauce , it wo n't burn you . The size is perfect , as its just small enough to use on smaller sauce pans , but deep enough to obtain a proper amount of food . I liked it , and loved the price . I would recommend it for the regular cook .
 we bought many of the OXO Good Grip items to replace our old and unattractive kitchen utensils , and love the quality , comfortable grips , and looks of our new kitchen essentials.I would recommend the OXO Good Grips to any of my family or friends with no hesitation . we are very impressed by the OXO Good Grips utensils for the comfortable handles , quality construction looks and price .
 This ample ladle , like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability , and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design , hefty body , and big , pressure-absorbing , non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers , are the reasons why you 'll prefer this product over the more traditional models , as they will allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries.Its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to use either in the kitchen or at the dinner table , and it also comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging , and a strong , stout neck guaranteed to be unbendable.Overall , this ladle 's well is just perfect to make quick servings and stir all sorts of soups , beans , lentils , peas and other such foods , and its easy to clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years . Furthermore , its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal , everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 Really , how detailed can one get about a ladle ? I love the grip , both lefties -LRB- that 's me -RRB- and righties can use it , it 's got good construction and wo n't come apart on you , -LRB- unless you decided to use it like a drumstick -RRB- , and it scoops what I need it to scoop .
 We love Oxo products and so bought this to replace one that we had . It comes out of the dishwasher in spotless condition . We will not hesitate to buy more Oxo products when a need arises .
 It 's more solid that the one I had and easier to hold . So far I am happy with it .
 Work great for salads . Spoon side is nice for grabbing carrot/bacon/celery / tomato bits so they do n't all end up in the bottom -LRB- even if that happens you can scoop out easy -RRB- . The steel feels very sturdy .
 These are terrific tongs ! I use them for salads but could be used for general serving of many things . Good styling and easy to grip ... only thing I would change is the fork feature on the 1 tong . . it becomes stuck in the salad and it needs to be wiped off often during each use .
 These serving tongs are as big as my grilling tongs , so unless I 'm putting my salad in a very large bowl , I ca n't really use these .
 Not much to say . I you know OXO Good Grips , it fits right in . Comfortable utensile .
 I saw these salad tongs at an expensive kitchen store . I fell in love with them . Amazon has a great price for them . They work really well and are very classy for serving at the table . OXO did it again !
 I love this skimmer . I strained macaroni & medium shells pasta with this . The pasta came out without falling back into the vessel unlike a flat slotted turner.Also , Excellent for taking deep-fried foods right out of the hot oil thereby used as a strainer . The best thing being that you can take the entire batch out of the oil in one scoop . The 4 '' size is just right , not large & not small . I love stainless steel utensils coz they are always safe . Yet to test the `` Dishwasher safe '' part . But OXO says its safe . So let me try that also . THANK U AMAZON ...
 My wife and I set out earlier this year to find a nice set of kitchen utensils that would n't break the bank , but had to be of decent quality and we both wanted insulated handles . We had a set of Kitchen Aide products , that we really did n't like that well , and a few other name brand utensils that have been given away or stored since we found the OXO Good Grips cooking utensils.Well after doing some research I decided to give the OXO Good Grips products a try , and are completely sold on them . We started off buying a couple of items to just get the feel , and now we own not only this outstanding skimmer , but virtually everything that OXO Good Grips make . In Stainless steel , Nylon and the Silicone products , since we use both Copper , Stainless Steel and non stick pots and pans.The products have a great handle that is both comfortable and heat resistant . Every one of the stainless cookware items particularly are honestly great and the price is about the best you 'll find for utensils of this quality .
 Perfect for skimming ; Very useful when I am canning - just finished making apple juice and apple jelly and found this invaluable .
 This skimmer is large enough to use in my deep fryer and fits well in most of my pots and pans . I like this much better than the concentric circle design of other skimmers which do n't work well with many foods . This skimmer has wholes to let liquid go through without losing the food you are straining .
 More than I wanted to spend for this style of kitchen utensil , but it is very well made , solid stainless and not tack welded at the handle like most . I 'm quite pleased with it , but the rest of the junk in the `` tool drawer '' is jealous .
 Great for fishing deep fried foods out of the oil , cooked pasta out of the pot , and dumplings out of boiling water . I used to have a wire skimmer with a bamboo skimmer , and the delicate skin on the cooked -LRB- Chinese -RRB- dumplings and wontons used to snag sometimes on the wire skimmer . We all know that broken dumplings are no good !! This OXO skimmer , however , is smooth on both sides , and the angle of handle allows you to pull your food out comfortably and quickly . The smoothness of this skimmer also allows for very easy cleaning -LRB- unlike the wire ones where food gets stuck in the tiny twists -RRB- . THe handle is comfortable to hold and heat resistant . Simply a great product ! Another winner from OXO !
 Just what I needed in my kitchen , a easy to use stainless steel skimmer . The handle has a very comfortable grip and very easy to control . Cleaning is a breeze making it a very good addition to my kitchen .
 Product is solid and performs its functions as expected . Not a lot else to be said . It is a good skimmer .
 I bought this for my mom . She wanted an average but durable one . Price fits the quality . She loves it .
 The product meets the expectations . It is standard , well built and does the job . What else should I say to satisfy the number of words required per review ?
 Looked all over stores for this , but all i could find was the flimsy plastic ones . This is good solid built skimmer . Do n't have to worry about it bending .
 I loved this skimmer . Quality is really good and handle is great . I have already used it twice and its too good . Now am planning buy one more for my mom.Thank you amazon
 My sister-in-law was really touched by the simplicity and artistry of this token . Its a beautiful thought provoking item that truly celebrates a wonderful woman and a wonderful relationship .
 This bag is just perfect the size works great my totes all fit inside ... With the top closed I use for the album I am working on , when I go to crops . It is easy to to move and I have less bags to carry.I also like the colors !
 I 'm a scrapbooker . I had a Crop N Style XXL that needed to be replacing . I decided to try this one since it is half the price of an XXL , and seemed to be about the same size . Plus , I liked the brown and blue color . :-RRB- The large compartment is very nice , and the fact that the top folds back and the front zips down makes it very easy to get in and out of , and see what 's in there . The top only closes with a clip , so it 's a bit flimsy , but the length of that clip is adjustable , meaning you can stuff this thing full and still get the lid closed.The side pockets are WONDERFUL . They are much bigger than the pockets on the XXL . I can fit my 13x13 glass mat in one of those pockets , along with my circle cutter templates , with room to spare . The pockets expand and stretch , so they can accomodate somewhat bulky items . I have rubbermaid containers about 3.5 inches tall in the pocket . There are also exterior pockets just under the side handle that you can slip flat items into.The wheels are good , this does n't seem to tip as much as my XXL did . The one drawback I truly regret is that the handle seems designed for shorter people . I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and the handle is probably about 2 or 3 inches too short for me , which is a little awkward . Finally , this one could probably not be checked on an airplane , so it 's good only for automobile travel .
 Boutht this for my daughter for all her scrapbooking supplies . She liked the product very much and was looking forward to filling it up and using it .
 I priced scrapbooking organizers everywhere and this was the cheapest I could find for its size and quality . I love it and would highly recommend it . Holds a ton of supplies - all of my supplies and easy to move from room to room or building to building .
 This container is huge !! I can fit all of my stacks of paper inside of it along with all of my cardstock . The side pockets are huge and just the right size for my punches . My only complaint is that the sides are a little flimsy . I could n't get the supports to fit into the zipper pockets on either side -LRB- but maybe those pockets are n't for the supports -RRB- Even without side pannels fixed to the organizer , it is still pretty sturdy until the side pockets are opened , when the side pockets are opened the sides flop down a little bit , but not enough to make me want to return it . All in all it is really big and fits all of my paper , tools , and embellishments .
 I love this spatula . It is smaller than it looks in the picture . I use it all the time and LOVE it .
 Stainless steel clean and strength . It will outlive any marriage . This essential kitchen spatula makes the art of flipping delicate dishes a snap .
 This was an amazing spatula it does alot better than I thought it would and I say YOU ALL ROCK this is one of the best I have owned so far so if your looking for a smaller spatula this is the one you need it is perfect Thank you all so very much !
 This is such a great spatula , we now own three ! They work for much more than lasagna , and the handle holds up well to dishwashing and occasional resting on the rim of a hot iron skillet . I do n't know what we 'd do without them -- all of our other spatulas are now residing in the basement . The best thing is how well they flip 3-egg omelettes made in a small skillet or pancakes laden with fresh berries
 I bought this along with a lodge cast iron griddle for breakfast sandwiches , and it has been amazing . Great for scraping , lifting , shoveling , and anything else you might want to do with a spatula . I highly recommend it for cast iron .
 I use several different type spatulas , but this is one I would not want to be without . Particularly like for moving cookies from cookie sheets to wire racks to cool -- I bake lots of cookies . I have had mine for about 8 years and still looks as good as the day I bought it , but I also hand wash most of my kitchen utensils . This and the Pampered Chef Mini-Spatula are the ones I use most when baking cookies .
 Liked it so much the first time , I bought another . Sturdy , yet thin enough to get under even the most delicate omelets or crepe . Highly recommend it .
 I 'm very happy with this spatula . It has a rather sharp edge which makes unsticking things from the pan neat and easy . The width is perfect for serving casserole , lasagna , cake and burgers . I definitely recommend it .
 OK - I know - `` its just a spatula '' . But this one feels good in the hand , and it actually works for pretty much anything you need a spatula for . We always reach for this one first for everything except a fried egg -LRB- which a more flexible spatula works better with -RRB- . I would buy this one again in a heart beat .
 I asked for this for Christmas because I 'm sick of my plastic spatulas that smell like plastic when they get hot and the pieces get shredded . Gross . I absolutely love this - the handle has a great grip on it and this can be used for anything from pancakes and eggs to pizza ! Great price , too !
 Our favorite flipper had a wood handle and I did not want to put it in the dishwasher -LRB- supposed to be bad thing ? -RRB- . When I saw this I knew I could use it in place of the old one . It works perfect , size is good for most food . I donated the other one and am happy to have one less thing to hand wash after dinner . More more sanitary .
 Arrived promptly , works great . It 's stiff but has enough flex to be useful getting in to tight spots . I would recommend it .
 This is probably my fault for not measuring , but it 's pretty narrow . Not great for egg or pancake flipping , but I like it and use it a fair amount .
 What 's there to say ? This was a replacement for another one with a wood handle after I had to use that one to scrape plastic out of our oven after I melted a cutting board . I got this because it was a little cheaper than a wood handled one . I have used it about 2 months and it 's very pleasant to use . The handle is not plastic ; it has more the sensation of rubber so it is not slippery . Nice and large . My husband complimented me on it .
 This was purchased to replace a spatula that was probably 40 years old and had seen better days . I wanted something that can last just as long and do the job - this seems like it should last as well as the last one . I would recommend this spatula . We have generally been happy with all OXO products .
 Almost bought an expensive williams & sonoma spatula but decided to go Oxo because I have had good luck with their products in the past . This is a great spatula and seems constructed to last a long time .
 This serves the purpose well . I have a drawer full of plastic kitchen tools and will continue to replace them with stainless steel .
 I use this spatula solely for cookies . I needed a thin , slender spatula and this one fit the bill . No complaints and I would recommend this product to others .
 My husband has big hands and likes everything to be big . this one is just my size . I like things smaller .
 This `` Serving Spatula '' is a multi use tool in our kitchen . It is the first thing I grab when I need a spatula of any sort . Our original got so much use we had to get three more so we did n't have to keep washing the only one over and over
 I have 3 different oxo spatulas and I love them all . They are light weight , easy to handle but firm under the food . They are thin so they do n't slide the food together , or melt like the plastic spatulas do . I do n't ever want to have to cook without them .
 From the picture I was expecting something a little bigger . Its rather small ! The spatula area is only 41/2 '' x 21/8 '' , from tip to tip it is 10 '' , so there is plenty of grip area . Works good though , I 'm happy with it .
 This serving spatula is well made , has a great feel , and a solid grip plus it even looks great . The size of the handle is small enough to get a great grip on it , and the padding is very comfortable and also adds to the grip on it even when wet.The stainless steel spatula is light yet strong enough to assist in serving casseroles , or other deep dish panned dishes with no problem at all.We still have our silver plated and sterling silver serving spatulas , but we got rid of our nylon serving spatula and have no regrets at all.This spatula and the matching serving spoon are a great value , and like most of OXO Good Grips items are very well designed and made to last .
 Gosh ... I could write reviews about oxo forever . . I have never bought anything bad from them and this serving spatula is no exception ... The handle is rubber and easy on the hands . . the metal is high grade . . they 're dishwasher safe ... need I go on ????
 Bought this because using a regular spatula to serve food like cake or lasagna is a hassle . Did n't know serving spatula 's existed but I was n't surprised . I 've bought Oxo Good Grips before and was very satisfied so I checked to see if they had something that would solve my problem and came across this . It 's definitely made serving food a breeze .
 Oxo has quickly become one of my favorite purveyors of kitchen products . This is another good one that is well balanced , durable , comfortable to hold , and works great at anything from flipping pancakes to digging a triangle slide of quiche out of a deep pie dish .
 sleek is what you can describe this kitchen utensil as . the grip is great , the size is perfect for flipping pancakes , eggs , and fish ... the size is great so that foods dont tear while being flipped . i think its an important utensil to keep in any kitchen . as with all oxo products , it was well worth what i paid for it .
 It 's a spatula and so being few comments can be made . I am very happy with this particular spatula . The size , quality , and comfort are superior to others I use .
 I purchased this OXO Good Grips product , OXO Good Grips 76991 Nylon Round Turner , along with several others . It is very nicely made . It is made to last a long time . It has performed great and cleans well in the dishwasher . Dishwasher safe , heat resistant , and durable too ! What 's not to like ?! Some people have complained about how large and heavy the OXO Good Grips products are , but they are made to last ! They are n't some cheap utensil . I would highly recommend this product !
 These were nice cards except they are blank inside . I did n't read closely enough to notice until they arrived . But if you are looking for nice looking cards to allow you to write your own message , these would be good .
 I am delighted with this spoon . I 've been needing a good strong cooking and serving spoon for a long time . This has a stay cool handle , is strong and wo n't bend and is nice and shiney and looks like it wo n't corrode or stain . It 's the perfect size for stirring a pot of soup or gravy or dishing up food for serving . The handle is long enough to use in my largest pot . I feel the price was right and will be getting another one .
 Love love love OXO . Everything OXO is high quality . This spoon is perfect for my arthritic hands . I use to stir cookie dough .
 Bought this for my mother who wanted a spoon with short handles to cook with . It gets the job done . The quality is great and it 's easy to wash .
 I bought this mainly cuz i needed something cheap that would put me over the $ 25 for free shipping . The gf had been wanting a medium sized serving spoon for a bit , and I own a few other OXO products I 'm happy with , so this seemed perfect . She has large , pot stirring spoons , and of course silverware , but was lacking something she could use in a casserole dish . The stainless steel looks nice , the handle is grippy , and it pretty much fits anywhere you need it to . If I 'm ever in need of a reason to get free shipping again , I 'll buy another !
 I love everything OXO and this serving spoon is good-looking and a different size than what I already have . Nice stainless and I love the rubber handle .
 The item does what it 's supposed to . It seems very well constructed and is a more sturdy piece than many others . I got tired of flimsy plastic spoons bending under any weight . This one holds up . Highly recommended !
 First off I have to say that I love this spoon , even though I thought I was ordering a different design . As others have mentioned , this is a serving spoon , and a fine one at that . What I had in mind was a spoon with a longer handle and a larger spoon , the kind that you use to stir large crockpots and soup pots with . I realized when I opened the box that I 'd made a mistake , but was determined to give it a try anyway because it looked very well made . As expected , the handle 's a bit short and the spoon 's a little too small , but I realize now that what I 'm describing is actually a ladle ... I guess I just wanted a straight ladle . Since I have no shame I 'll admit that I can actually fit this spoon in my mouth , and toward that end it makes a terrific ` man spoon ' . Bottom line , you can never have too many serving spoons , and this one will last forever .
 Smaller than I expected , but good quality . I would buy OXO again , but I 'll be more careful trying to figure the size of the product out .
 I bought more the first time . I love these spoons for our house events and meal time . They are very durable and just the right size . I would for sure recommend these for anyone !!!!!
 This works for me . It fits in the cutlery basket in my dishwasher . The spoon is a good size too .
 I love metal measuring cups for one reason . You can use them on the stove . No you do n't cook in them . But if you need 1/3 C melted butter , you measure it into the cup and put it on a low burner . You can heat water for softening gelatin . If you do n't care about making another dish dirty then use plastic measuring cups . But I would rather have 1 set that has more ways of being used.I also like the grippy handle and the balanced feel of these measuring cups.The one problem is that the handles bend sometimes . If you make a deep scoop into packed brown sugar you may have to straighten the handle afterward.I 'm OK with straightening the handles occasionally because I like them so much otherwise .
 I bought these for my sister for Christmas as she loves to bake . She complained that they tip over because of the weight and length of the handle , so she returned them for some others . She loves the matching measuring spoons though .
 Yes , as pointed out by previous reviewer , this item has been revised . Now a very thicksubstantial stainless steel , I use one to heat butter on the stove . You could almostuse this as a tiny cooking pot . 5 stars all the way !
 I purchased these along with the spoon set and whatever problems their were are now gone . Measurement size is imbedded in the plastic , so no smearing , and now wearing off . Also found the cups to be very sturdy and no longer flimsy like the previous generation seemed to be .
 Oxo remains one of just a few brands to which I 'm still loyal . According to Amazon 's `` Instant Order Update , '' I last purchased this item September 30,2004 . Almost six years of daily use ! The only issue is the rubber has become loose and/or split on the handle -LRB- s -RRB- which could have been avoided by hand-washing -LRB- versus using the dishwasher -RRB- , so I 'm willing to reorder every five years because I 'm too lazy for hand-washing . When you order , put four Oxo items in your cart to take advantage of the 4 for 3 promo and save even more money : -RRB-
 I 'm only on this page because I came back to order another set ! I 've owned my current set for almost 4 years and I have no problem with the handles AT ALL ! Maybe they changed the design since some of the negative reviews were places . Either way , I 'm off to order another set !
 These are quite honestly the best measuring cups I have owned to date . Unlike the others with problems having the handle bend , mine have been unaffected . Perhaps its a simple solution of gripping more towards the ` cup ' than at the far end of the handle , but not too much to ask to try and prevent the ` bending ' from happening . As with all OXO products , they are very well made , have a great non slip handle , and beleive it or not , having the sizes written in bright differing colors helps . Overall very satisfied and would highly recommend .
 I love everything oxo makes , really . These feel great , look nice , easy to clean and the measurements are easy to read .
 I have always got oxo products because they are the best , simply put . I bought these for my envious sister 'n law - I 'm sure that she 'll love them when I give them to her at Christmas
 Love these measuring cups by Oxo ! I have lots of their products and I 'm always happy w/everything I buy from them . Definitely worth the purchase !
 I am a professional baker and I love these . I actually have 3 sets . They are used everyday all day long and are perfect in every way .
 Solid piece of cooking gear . Cleans up very well after sticky , gooey syrup . I like this and the measuring spoons.I believe in spending a little bit more on good kitchen gear , and I would not hesitate to buy this again , and look forward to giving it as a gift , too .
 I have used a few of these for years and had no problem with them except when once I left one too close to the burner , which was my fault . As far as the 250 degrees thing , this spatula has no problem being used in much hotter pans so long as it does n't get left in there . No spatula except an all steel one should be left in the oven or in a hot pan . Even in that case I ca n't see leaving it in there since it would just get too hot to handle . I use the spatula , then take the spatula out whenever I am done using it so I 've never had a problem with melting . Any other nylon spatula which would do the same thing if exposed to high heat for a long time . That 's why they do n't make the pans out of nylon.Some nice things about this spatula : * it is a good size , not too small * head/handle are one piece -LRB- the cheapies are often multiple pieces which always come apart after a while -RRB- * perfectly stiff -LRB- which is what I want in a turner ... I do n't have much use for the soft flexible ones that flop around when you try to use it and bend under the weight of the food -RRB- .
 I have a variety of OXO kitchen items and love them . When I bought my T-Fal cookset , it said to use nylon utensils so the non-stick coating would n't get damaged . I 've used the nylon spoons and have n't had any problems . The edges of this turner melted a bit , so I bought some of another brand . The same thing happened . It is a problem with all non-metal turners that I 've bought , so I guess it 's not a big deal as long as the melted plastic does n't get in the food .
 This is one of my favorite spatulas . It has a nice long handle with a comfortable rubber grip . The spatula has a broad surface , the better to flip things that might otherwise fall apart . It does n't scratch my non-stick cookware and does n't melt at high temperatures . My other spatulas just do n't compare .
 The OXO grood grips nylon square turner is great . I find this item to be easy to use and comfortable to handle . The good quality nylon used works well in woks and other kitchen ware that you do n't want scratched .
 As usual OXO Good Grips makes another fine product . We 've had a clunky set of Kitchenaid utensils in the house for a long time , and recently bought a all steel set to replace the Kitchenaid products . The all stainless steel of course gets extremely hot when set on the stove , even in a ceramic spoon dish . The grips on the OXO products might get warm , but not hot.Also the stainless is high quality and does n't blemish and it looks good.I only wish we had found the OXO Good Grip Utensils before we spent the money on the complete set of Kitchenaid and then the stainless steel set that looked OK , but you had to take care in using . So far the OXO Good Grips are the best quality at it 's price .
 They are just spoons , but love the OXO brand and they just feel so right ! Love everything about them . The included hanger makes it so much easier to hang with my cups
 These measuring spoons look so damn good you will want to put them out on display not in some drawer . Very clean professional look . WOW .
 These are the nicest measuring spoons I 've ever had , highly recommend , excellent quality , I am going to purchase the measuring cups next .
 The spoons are sturdy and will last much longer than the ones on a spiral wire that comes apart . They will last a long , long time .
 I love all OXO products and these measuring spoons do n't dissapointThey have a nice grip on handle and easy to read . I love them .
 I have had many sets of measuring spoons , and by far , these are the best yet . They did n't cost a fortune , and I feel that I 'm actually using `` Tools of the Trade . '' I ca n't say enough good things about them . Their very strong , do not bend at all , and clean up much easier than I thought they would . The days of thin , cheap , stainless are over . I will buy stronger tools from now on , I am that impressed with them . Last , The name Good Grip really says it all . They never slide in my hands , and are comfortable to use . Try them , you wo n't regret it .
 These measuring spoons are perfect ; Their accurate and I like how you can slip them on and off the ring easily . The handles are just like all Oxo good grips handles their soft and give these small spoons some heft making them easier to hold . One reviewer mentioned that the measuring marks -LSB- 1 tbs , ect -RSB- wears off . I think that may be because they used the dishwasher to clean them . Although these spoons are dishwasher safe , personally I always wash and dry little things like this by hand it makes them last much longer , the dishwasher just seems like over kill . I have recently replaced everything in my kitchen with stainless steel mostly Oxo products and these spoons match everything else . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 the oxo good grips measuring spoons , stainless steel was a good buy for me . the measuring is easy as well a ease of washing . no worries about rusting . i would recommend this product to anyone , especially people with arthritis , due to ease of use .
 These are top notch measuring spoons . Stylish looking , easy to store - they hang ; plus they FEEL good in your hand . Rubber grips make them super easy to use . And they 're certainly not expensive . Go ahead ... . buy them !
 A while ago , I bought some fancy stainless steel measuring spoons , because the old aluminum ones I 'd had forever -LRB- they were my Mom 's before me -RRB- were so beat-up . But I eventually discovered that those new spoons WERE NOT ACCURATE ! Made in China , of course . These OXO spoons are accurate , and I 've bought a bunch of them , even given them as gifts . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 Solid piece of cooking gear . Cleans up very well after sticky , gooey syrup . I like this and the measuring scoops.I believe in spending a little bit more on good kitchen gear , and I would not hesitate to buy this again , and look forward to giving it as a gift , too .
 I really like these measuring spoons . The ergonomic grips are really nice and I appreciate them much more than I thought I would , especially when pouring into the spoon from a large jug , etc.They are OXO quality , so you can beat them up pretty hard and they 'll stand up to the torture from scouring to the dishwasher . I actually found the keyring to be perfect , it keeps them together without making it really hard to detach if you need to . I suppose a caribiner-style clip would make it better , but I had no issues . They are well balanced and I think the only drawback is that the metal is a bit thin , so they can bend . If it were maybe half-again as thick or of a harder steel , it probably would n't be an issue . They could also just forge them with a spine to make bending much more difficult.I really like them and they are way beyond those cheap plastic ones that cost a buck at the mega-marts . 4 Stars because I do n't think they should bend at all at this price .
 I bought these because they are made of metal - I was tired of my plastic measuring spoons flying around in the dishwasher . But since they are metal , when I 'm measuring oil or anything else light in color , it 's hard to see the amount of liquid in the spoon .
 I have other measuring spoons that are plastic , but I always reach for these OXO stainless steel spoons first . The spoons are rounded instead of oblong-shaped , so it 's easier to measure and level off sugar and flour exactly . Another great feature is that they 're easy to get on and off the ring , so you do n't have to juggle all four spoons at once when you 're trying to add ingredients to your mixing bowl . Rubber handles keep the spoons from slipping , and the spoons are really easy to clean . These are a great buy !
 OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Measuring Spoons are one of the best sets I have seen . They are of sturdy construction and are diswasher safe . The are visably marked and colored for those of us who do not want to search for the size . For me and a few of my friends this set is perfect . I know I will not think about another set , unless of couse OXO can upgrade its already great product .
 I bought these to replace my stainless steel spoons that were mangled by the garbage disposal . I would have given these 5 stars but I do n't like the ring that holds the spoons since the spoons keep falling off and it does n't include the 1/8 teaspoon . Other than that , I like them . They are not as sturdy as my previous set but are a nice addition to my kitchen essentials .
 I greatly enjoy using these measuring spoons . They have a nice feel and are comfortable in the hand . The round shape makes it easy to measure accurately and clear extra ingredients off the top . They can be tossed in the dishwasher without any effect on their color-coded markings . Do n't settle for plastic when you can buy metal spoons of this quality so cheaply!Note
 I love , love , love these measuring spoons . They are strong and sturdy ... no bending when scooping out something like shortening . Comfortable to use , easy to clean . I recommend this set of measuring spoons !
 I love the OXO Good Grips stainless steel Measuring spoons . It will be a great Christmas gift for my daughter . She will just love it .
 These measuring spoons are exactly what I wanted -- substantial feeling measuring spoons with a good weight to them . Easy to clean and keep track of .
 My wife and I cook a lot and use these constantly . I like that they are stainless and being metal , I have melted a few things in them like butter and lard!I recommend this and other OXO products
 Good quality measuring spoons - easy to get off the retaining ring . A must-have for all cooking and baking needs
 As with every OXO product I have purchased , these measuring spoons are excellent . Like the comfortable handles and the easy to read measurement marking on the handles , as well .
 Measuring spoons , not much to review . They 're made of stainless steel and of good quality . Every baker needs a set of measuring spoons .
 These measuring spoons are very well made and appear as though they will last . I detest plastic measuring spoons and stainless always ensures that they will clean well with no residue or dullness . The handles feel good and seem to be holding up well in cleaning.Beyond that , what else can you say about measuring spoons ?
 Decent set of measuring spoons . I read how they bent and were n't very strong but figured I do n't use these things for scooping ice cream or some other abuse . I do use the table spoon to measure out drops of cookie dough and there was no bending involved . Much better than my old ones of another maker that did bend .
 I have always got oxo products because they are the best , simply put . I bought these for my envious sister 'n law - I 'm sure that she 'll love them when I give them to her at Christmas
 Great little product . They are heavy duty looking , have a great fit and finish , nice rubber handle so you dont drop them , and a clip to keep them all together .
 They do a good job and are a classy addition to the kitchen . A great gift because they will last forever . They look like they would hold more than the measurement states , but I do not know how to check that .
 The perfect product for when you want to get the correct serving size . I love mine . Ive been using them for a while & they are still in great condition . They are a must have for those who want to know exactly how much they are eating .
 These really are a lovely set of measuring spoons . I have some other oxo kitchen products so I felt this was a safe buy and I was n't wrong .
 This is a really nice set of measuring spoons . They are aesthetically pleasing , well-made , and ergonomically sound . They have been through my dishwasher about ten times already , and there are no signs of wear as of yet . I could see how the writing might eventually wear off , so it would be nice to have raised lettering -LRB- even though with only four sizes , they are easily distinguishable -RRB- . Also , it would be nice if they expanded the set to at least include 1/8 teaspoon and 1/2 tablespoon . Overall , a very good set of spoons , and another quality OXO product .
 I like them a lot , They are handy visable in a drawer and shinney enough toOXO Good Grips Measuring Spoons , Stainless Steelhang up . Perfact body for handling , comfortableto hold , smooth shape and are sturdy as well as dishwasher safe . I wish they had an 1/8 size for smaller amounts .
 I bought these for my mom for Christmas , to replace her old aluminum ones which were n't compatible with dishwashers , and she loves them . They make washing dishes easier .
 These spoons are great ! As an avid baker and a huge fan of OXO I came across these online after purchasing the OXO Good Grips Mixing Bowls and had to get these to go with them ! These are made of great quality as are all OXO brand items ; the stainless steal provides durability as well as a modern flair in comparison to other measuring spoons that are more often than not made of plastics that yellow and stain.I highly recommend this product !
 I finally broke down and bought myself a great set of measuring spoons . These spoons are sturdy and dishwasher safe . These spoons are very strong and wo n't wear or break like other measuring spoons do . I like the fact that they can all be clipped on the ring or can easily come off to be used separately . Good buy.Josephine Giordano-Smith
 I bought these in March 2010 . They are very stylish while quite sturdy for daily use . The easy grip rubber handles are really a big plus , which makes me to choose these spoons over the Amco Advanced Performance measuring spoons I also own . The Amco spoons are extremely sturdy -- IMO too sturdy for family use . Before I placed the order at Amazon , I had concern about the color measuring markings on the rubber handles . I was worried that they would fade off or chip off . However , after more than more than one year 's use , the markings are still bright and sharp as new.The reason I wanted to write this review is because of the terrific customer service from OXO . One month ago I lost the 1/4 tsp spoon . Buying a new set seemed to be environmental hostile . So I asked OXO customer service if they would sell me the 1/4 tsp spoon separately . To my surprise we offered me a new set for free . After one week I received the new set . The new set is the 2nd generation . They are more stylish with the same good features .
 Nice features
 I 'd give these little things an extra star if they were a bit thicker and more sturdy . As it is , they 've survived through sink disposal trips , dishwashers , being dropped , bent , and otherwise abused . But the thing is , I do n't think they SHOULD bend . I found a really nice , heavy set of metal measuring spoons at Sur La Table that I like a little bit better . Though those do n't have the nice grips that these ones do . Just do n't put too much pressure on them or drop them in the sink and turn the disposal on like I did , or you 'll end up with the grips all slashed up . However , the nicks in the metal can be cleaned up pretty easily with a scouring pad !
 Normally , I HATE measuring utensils on key rings . It 's usually such a pain to get them off so I can use the one I want , and I end up throwing the keyring away . This ring design is PERFECT ! It 's tight enough that they do n't come off when I do n't want them to , but they 're still quite easy to get off even with one hand.You can feel the quality in these . The handles are easy to hang on to , and do n't get knocked around the countertop if you accidentally bump them since the handle is grippy . I 've read another user 's review about how the lettering came off . He/she must have had a different model or something , as it 's impossible for the lettering to wear off on these ; they 're literally made of a different plastic with it 's own coloring , instead of just painted on . The stainless steel cups are easy to clean and dry , and have stood up to all of my scrubbing , scraping , and stirring -LRB- sometimes I use them as a spoon to mix ingredients after measuring so I do n't have to get an actual spoon dirty -RRB- . Yes , they 're a bit expensive , but I believe that a quality tool is always worth the price .
 QUALITY STAINLESS STEEL , EXCELLENT FINISH , HANDY RING THAT KEEPS THEM TOGETHER IN THE DRAWER OR IN THE DISHWASHER , YET EASY TO SEPERATE WHEN NEEDED.BEST OF ALL IS I CAN READ THE NUMBERS WITH ZERO EFFORT . . NICE , ,
 These spoons were well worth the $ . I had rubber spoons before these and loved them but for the same price might as well go with something nicer -LRB- stainless -RRB- !
 Oxo remains one of just a few brands to which I 'm still loyal . According to Amazon 's `` Instant Order Update , '' I last purchased this item September 30,2004 . Almost six years of daily use ! The only issue is the rubber has become loose and/or split on the handle -LRB- s -RRB- which could have been avoided by hand-washing -LRB- versus using the dishwasher -RRB- , so I 'm willing to reorder every five years because I 'm too lazy for hand-washing . When you order , put four Oxo items in your cart to take advantage of the 4 for 3 promo and save even more money : -RRB-
 This is one of the best purchases I 've made through amazon . I have several Oxo Good Grips products ; this is my favorite by far . The construction is solid and feels good in my hands , unlike the flimsy measuring spoons I 've been using for years . The labelling is superb and colorful and the ring holding them together allows for maximum movement when measuring contents for recipes . My old , cheap set of spoons that I 'd used for over 20 years were tossed in the trash as soon as I opened the package ... no more bent spoons , no more fighting with the small ring that impeded ease of use . Spend the bucks and get an excellent set of measuring spoons ; you 'll be glad you did .
 A useful tool at a fair price . I like the long handles as they allow me to reach into deep containers . Buy more than one set and keep each at the place they are used . Suggestion
 These are great - This is the second set I bought because I was using the first set so often that a second set made sense.They 're well made but I 'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 because the necks are a little bendible . Nothing you ca n't fix but still a slight annoyance . That is the only issue I have with them and a minor one at that .
 These stainless steel measuring spoons beat plastic ones down to the ground . The open-ended ring makes it easy to separate for use , disconnect if necessary , and hang from a potrack rod or hook if you do n't want to hunt them down in a cluttered gadget drawer .
 It came a a whole week before the minimum given date , its in good shape and its easy to measure with .
 These spoons are pretty good I 've had them for probably 5 years or so and I 've been happy with them . The only problem I 've had is that one of the little rubbery pieces on the loop that holds the spoons together came off so now the spoons do n't stay together very well . But honestly it 's probably because we take them off the loop when we use them so that we do n't dirty all of them just to use one .
 they are just measuring spoons , nothing else , but they look great in a modern stainless steel kitchen
 OXO has the design right with these babies . Why buy two sets ? My wife got tired of me taking a couple of these to work to measure out my protien or health drink mixes ... so I had to buy my own . ; - -RRB-
 I made the to decision to purchase these measuring spoons after buying another product made by OXO and I am very pleased with their high quality products . The lining on the handles on the spoons make them easy to grip and the measurements are clearly visible . Highly recommend .
 A good , solid set of measuring spoons . I 've had plastic spoons in the past where there was so much wear and scratching that you could no longer tell how much the spoon is measuring . I do not think that will be the case here where the numbers are a very hard plastic embedded in the soft grippy rubber handle .
 These are the perfect set of measuring spoons
 These are nice little measuring spoons . There curvature is perfect , makes them easy to scoop and clean . The handles are nice and comfortable . Does what measuring spoons should .
 These feel good in the hand and are easy to clean . You can easily take individual spoons off the ring if desired .
 Easy to find the measurement you need . Easy to clean and store . All around great , even my husband commented he like them .
 These spoons are fine . I have n't had them for long but do n't have any troubles with them . Like all Oxo products I 've used , they are solidly constructed , reliable and very easy to use . I like the handles , the clip that holds the spoons together and the way they look and feel .
 Oxo quality has created another welcome addition to our cooking and baking equipment collection . Works well and is well made .
 Very high quality item and great design . No complaint.I bought 3 sets of these Oxo measuring spoon . I purchased 2 sets from Amazon and great pricing too .
 I bought a set of measuring spoons from amazon . My name is Seth . I think that the set of black measuring spoons are great !
 Well the name says it all ! They feel amazing in your hand ! I never thought measuring spoons would feel comfortable ! I loved the fact that there were some odd sizes too ! You can never find a set like this for this price !
 This is all about design . Great form , great function make this set perfect for our kitchen . No aluminum here , this is easily maintained and safe to use . It works well .
 -LRB- Pros -RRB- + They function well as spoons and / or scoops . + Easy to maintain and clean + Inexpensive + They all match one another -LRB- Cons -RRB- + -LRB- this is the big `` Duh '' by looking @ other reviews -RRB- the paint wears offI cook a lot and I actually purchased these from a grocery store one night when I finally grew tired of having to wash out my metal measuring spoons with every new ingredient I used . These spoons work as advertised - there has never been a time where the material I was scooping or measuring completely passed through the spoon without picking up . It 's a plus that they 're all pretty standard sizes so that when the `` permanently bonded brightly colored dots '' wear off , I can just compare them to the other spoons I have.If your biggest concern is whether or not you 'll be able to read the lettering on these spoon in 3 years , do n't buy the set.If you 're looking for a good value for a set of measuring spoons to compliment what you might already own or if you 're pretty solid with recognizing and remembering spoon sizes , then this is a quality buy.I 'd give it a five , but , you know ... the numbers wear off . Otherwise , these spoons are more fully functional than the second death star -LRB- and you wo n't have to worry about space ships flying through and blasting holes through your spoon -RRB- .
 i pick a size , massage the handle ever so gently . i dip it in the jar lightly shaking off any excess . oooohhhhhh i love spices ! they 're soooo goood . mmmmmm . -LRB- now that 's what you get Amazon . quit sending me requests for reviews of benign products lol -RRB-
 The measuring spoons are not something new by any means , but OXO has made them better by adding neat features like ; rubber on the handle of each spoon , brightly colored markings , and easy removing of a single measuring spoon by snapping one off . This means no more opening a ring to remove a cup , or washing all the cups because you need to use one and got another dirty ; and you wo n't loose them because they fasten securely back to the ring . These are also dishwasher safe . The price of these are a little more than the plastic ones you get in the store , but you are getting a lifetime warranty on the product .
 Contrary to what that little hog Rach Ray claims all cooks need to have a good set of measuring spoons . That is because it 's absolutely impossible to `` eye-ball '' small amounts of measurements , especially when you 're using leavening ingredients . These OXO Good Grips are probably the very best set of measuring spoons that I have ever used . I like the fact that they include the color-coded measurements on each . They 're also all interconnected so I can always find them and they never clutter up my kitchen cabinet -LRB- I hate disorganization almost as much as I hate a messy kitchen . -RRB- I have probably used these every single day that I have cooked since I purchased them because they are so practical and useful and helpful . They 're even dishwasher safe . They also have rubberized handles which make them easy to grip , and even easier if you get water or something on it as you 're cooking/prepping ; it 's not made out of that cheap plastic material that most cooking spoons are made from . I did take off 1 star only because the color-coded measurements are starting to wash off . These are made by OXO , a really great kitchen utensil company . OXO offers a lifetime `` 100 % satisfaction guarantee '' on all of their merchandise . I have had to implement their warranty on more than one occasion and it was always easy and very simple . A good set of measuring spoons are just as useful and needed as a good set of kitchen knives . Remember , you are what you cook .
 I 've had these spoons and the measuring cups for less than a year . We registered for them last year and received them as a gift . In just a few months , the labels on each of them had worn away . I had heard that Oxo had a lifetime satisfaction guarantee on all of their products and I confirmed this by looking at their website . After calling customer service and answering a few questions about the product , they offered to send me replacements FREE , and I did n't have to send the old ones back . I now have two new sets . I 'm sticking with OXO products in the future : -RRB-
 These are easy to use , easy to clean and can see the measurements clearly on the spoons .
 We have two sets ... one in black , one in white . Also have the matching measuring cups ... They 've been washed countless time and for whatever reason , we have n't had the fading issues that I 've seen posted here . ?? Easy to find in the drawer , too . . more colorful than the ` old-fashioned ' kind .
 I love these measuring spoons ! They even come with 1/8 teaspoon and 1/2 tablespoon measures . You can take them apart or leave them on the ring . Leave it to OXO to come up with another great product .
 These measuring spoons are the best I 've had . They easily come off their ring-holder so one does n't have to hold all the other spoons when just using one . Plus , they are color coded , feels good in the hand , and light weight for those who may have hand damage , arthritis , etc. . I like just about every OXO product I 've ever used .
 I bought these for my sister as a Christmas gift . I liked that the set included 6 spoons -LRB- including the 1/8 tsp -RRB- .
 Excellent ! Product is just as advertised , delivered by expected date . Now I can more easily deal with recipes that call for 1/2T and 1/8t measurement .
 We do a lot of baking in our household so we were eager to get our hands on this OXO measuring spoon set . We own other OXO products and find they are high-quality products.These spoons are another solid product . I like the in-between sizes , as our previous measuring spoon set did not contain all these sizes . The plastic ring is nice because you can just pull off whatever size you need , instead of taking all of the spoons off the ring.The only negative is that the size lettering is not easily visible on the black color .
 Oxo is a safe bet for reasonable products at fair prices and these spoons are no exception . There are six in the set with all the usual sizes . They are quite sturdy and will likely last a long time , though the thick plastic construction keeps the spoons from nesting . This makes them take up a little more space in the drawer . The sizes are marked in different colors on each spoon and the sizes are slightly raised so the sizes should still be visible even if the colors should wear off.I am only giving these four stars because they are plastic and a bit bulky . Personally I prefer my metal spoons since they are not sensitive to heat and I find them easier to clean . These spoons because of their large size can be difficult to fit through small openings . Oxo has a good choice for metal measuring spoons , though they are slightly more expensive.OXO Good Grips Measuring Spoons , Stainless Steel
 I have quite a few Oxo products and have always been pleased with them . Oxo makes great products.I really like the color measurement markings on each spoon , but other reviewers have mentioned the size measurements coming off after use . I have tried scratching them and they appear that they will hold up . I hand wash many of my items so hopefully that will never become an issue . I have no difficulty reading the numbers on the measuring spoons as other reviewers have also mentioned.These spoons are heavy duty and I expect to have them around a long time . These are much sturdier than metal measuring spoons that I own . I really like the fact that the spoons are easily removed from the connecting ring.The only reason I did not give them product 5 stars is that the ring is bulky and does take up room in the drawer where I keep my measuring spoons and I do not like hunting down measuring spoons so I will keep them on the ring and use them as I need them . Even if the spoons are removed from the ring , they do not nest together well.Bottom line - if you want a good reliable product , buy Oxo .
 I like most all of Oxo products , so ordered these measuring spoons . They are plastic , and the set even includes the 1/8 teaspoon -LRB- smidge -RRB- . They are slightly enongated to help facilitate reaching into spice jars . The only reason I am only giving them four stars is that after using them , I 'm not that crazy about `` black '' measuring implements because it 's hard to see if all of the ingredient came out of the spoon .
 I chose to review this for Amazon because I needed a new set of measuring spoons . Since I love the OXO product line , in general , I knew I would love these.Basically I do , but there is only one very minor thing I would change . The ring is not round , if the ring that holds the spoons together were round instead of oval it would be a lot easier for the spoons to glide around.Aside from the one minor flaw I find these spoons to be excellent . There are 6 spoons , 1/8 , 1/4 . 1/2 . and 1 tsp . also 1/2 and 1 tbsp . . the most convenient sizes.the arms of the spoons are very hefty but mildly flexible and thick for easy griping . The spoons bowl is stiff to make sure your measurement is true and it is slick so the food being measured slides out easily . The best feature for me , and makes this set stand out , is the ability to easily remove the spoons from its ring to be able to take the spoon to the recipe and not have to lug around the hole set.All in all it find that these deliver what the company set out to do.Now I can use set of measuring cups to match this set of spoons .
 These rubbery-no-slip measuring spoons are better designed than several other plastic sets I own , and more ergonomic as well.As other reviews have stated , the printed size on each spoon seems likely to wear off with repeated washings -LRB- perhaps handwash only to forestall this issue ? -RRB- , but I think the slightly raised lettering would remain discernible even without coloring.You get more spoons than `` usual '' in this set of 6 , but the 1/2 Tablespoon is of questionable value since few recipes call for that odd measure . The 1/8 teaspoon is more useful since baking recipes I make do use that measure for salt and leaveners . The spoons bend easily , even alarmingly much -- no using them to scoop equal measures of cookie dough.For sturdiness and longevity , I actually prefer Oxo ` smetal spoonswhich feel solid and durable , but cost more per-spoon . Recommended , for plastic spoons , but metal ones preferred .
 I cook/bake all the time and love these measuring spoons . The `` good grips '' on them makes them easy to handle . I love the sizes , too , as I have such a hard time finding the in between sizes , so these were absolutely perfect for each cooking job that I do .
 These measuring spoons are accurate , and include 1/8 tsp measure , as well as 1/2 TB measure . Very handy to have around . The handles are thick and chunky . The loop that holds them together will easily snap on or off . The loop is also LARGE , which means that if you have pot hooks above you , they will quite happily hang from said hooks.As with the measuring cups of the same variety , I do n't think that the numbers will stay brightly coloured , as they 're on a raised surface , but since the surface is raised , you can still tell what size you 're working with.Bonus feature
 OXO makes great kitchen tools and this is no exception . These are well made and dishwasher safe . There are plenty of sizes to get the right amount of what you need for your baking . I highly recommend this , but if you want a measuring set with less sizes on it , the stainless steel one by OXO is nice too .
 What I like the best about this set is how easy it is to take them off the ring -LRB- or put them back -RRB- . I prefer to have the Tbl and tsp freestanding , and with this set it 's easy . I also appreciate having the 1/2 Tbl and 1/8 tsp sizes , which many sets leave out . What I like the least about the set , surprisingly , is the color . I usually love black , but they do n't `` pop '' out of the drawer like the green and white ones I have do.I have n't put them through the dishwasher much yet , so I ca n't speak to the label issue . But the writing is raised , so I do n't expect it to be a problem .
 I am a fan of Oxo good grips products , and these are no exception . I have a very nice set of stainless measuring spoons that I adore , but had gotten to the point where I wanted a second set . These are perfect.Pros :1 . Spoons easily detach from the ring .2 . I do actually like the `` good grip '' on these . Who would think you 'd care for measuring spoons ! But they 're flexible in a pleasant way , and I do appreciate this about them .3 . Dishwasher safe ! 4 . Six sizes , not just four
 These are the best measuring spoons I have ever used !! They have brightly colored numbers so you can see what your grabbing . they are non slip so if you have dexterity problems they are easy to hold onto & they are dishwasher safe . Who could ask for more ? They are a valauble addition to my kitchen !! I 'm glad I got them !!
 Oxo usually makes quality products , but these measuring spoons are even a cut above expectations . The handle is open so the spoons can be detached and reattached to an oval ring , for use of use and storage . The measurements are clearly marked on the handle in a contrasting color , too . These could not be improved .
 These are absolutely the best I have ever used . First , they are accurate . I tested them for both dry ingredients and liquids with a digital scale and a known to be accurate liquid measure . This is important to me when baking , especially breads . The set includes a half-tablespoon and a 1/8 teaspoon , both handy sizes and often not included in sets . The sizes are in easy to see colors . They feel good , at least in my hands by having a non-slip surface , good length and substance that should last many years . I wear a 7-1/2 glove if that gives an idea of scale . They move freely on the keeper loop , as well as remove and reattach easily . It does n't seem like they are going to come apart in the drawer , so this may need an update later . The black color did not hurt being able to see dark spices , or clear liquids too badly . I 'd like a second set so I have one set for liquids and one for dry ingredients . I realize that black is an OXO `` thing '' but I hope they consider offering this product in a lighter color .
 You really good a good value with the Oxo good grips line . The spoons are made well and nothing scratches our circulon pots . The plastic is strong and nothing melts on the stove as easily as other brands do .
 My review is for the `` OXO Good Grips 6-piece Measuring Spoon Set , Black '' . It 's very sturdy , the black is easy to spot when searching a drawer , and I compared the measurements with another set I have -LRB- in white -RRB- that had seen better days and found the OXO just as or more precise . I 'm willing to use it for dosing of one liquid medication , to me that says it all .
 Bought this along with the Raspberry Ketones to measure the dose . Its also useful in the kitchen for measuring other stuff .
 The primary facet of these spoons that OXO is trying to sell are that they have thicker , rubberized grips . As far as these goes , they work very well . They 're very comfortable , the spoons do indeed detach from the ring easily and are quite nice overall.The sizes are mostly variations on teaspoons with only a couple of denominations of table-spoons ; I find that the 1 Teaspoon and below all have no problem fitting into standard cylindrical spice jars , which is precisely what I need the set for , and which satisfies me completely . The numbers are also very easily readable and color coded . There are claims of the numbers coming off easily ; I 've had these for two months thus far and they 've evidenced no wear . Then again , I always wash my dishes by hand , and rarely subject these spoons to washing . I find that merely rinsing them after picking out spices is more than sufficient .
 These are so nice . They are heavy plastic , color labeled , and raise labeled . My last set broke easily and lost their labels . I see a long and bright future for these in my kitchen .
 I see a lot of complaints that the labels wear off , but I have had these spoons for about 5 years with no trouble -LRB- I do n't usually put them in the dishwasher though ... but sometimes I do -RRB- . I think this is a good set and the ring is easy to open if you just want to use one spoon .
 I like this set because in addition to the regular measurements -LRB- 1T , 1/2T , 1t , 1/2t and 1/4t -RRB- it also has an 1/8 teaspoon . I also prefer black because I used to own a white set of measuring spoons and even when they were clean they looked dirty . I 've read some reviews that the labels come off but I 've only owned my set for a month so I have n't seen that yet .
 An ergonomically designed set of 6 accurate spoons with good balance at a good price .
 I was so pleased with the measuring spoons ; my Iron Chef husband will be happy to have measuring spoons with the measurements still legible on the handles . It looks like these will not wear off . Dishwasher safe , too .
 We bought these a last yearas my Hubby wanted to make sugar free cookies with me . These are handy as they come all together in a ring type holder according to size & measure . We also have the OXO cups . The only problem ? The numbers fade over time & it 's hard to read the amount . Other than that , it beats the old Stainless Steel Spoons my Gram had . I saved them as an Heirloom .
 I have only had these for a short while but I love them . I had rubbermaid ones that the numbers wore off so I had gotten these . I love the added sizes and the sturdy handles .
 These are possibly the greatest measuring spoons ever made by man . OK , they ARE plastic , but do n't let that stop you ! They feel comfortable in the hand and are clearly marked for your quick measurement satisfaction .
 I have had my set for probably a few years now , and they look as good as the day I bought them . That being said , I honestly have n't used them very much , and when I did , I did n't wash them in the dishwasher . Considering all of the other reviews , if you are thinking about purchasing these , I would be sure to take VERY good care of them ; hand wash and try not to scrub the labels .
 About once a month , I devote an entire day to making large batches of stews , soups , etc. . in my slower cooker , pressure cook and on the stove in various large pots . I then freeze them in smaller packages for future dinners . These spoons arrived exactly on time for my cooking marathon today and got a good test run.It is hard to say anything new or original about measuring spoons , but here goes ... I tested them against other measuring spoons that I normally use and they appear to be accurate . I like that the individual spoons snap off of the ring . That way I do n't have to fiddle around with the key ring circular type of holder or a little key chain or use what I need and then have to wash the entire set - not that that is a big deal , but I do like the option of easily separating them.I love that the set contains 1/8 teaspoon and 1/2 Tablespoon measures - very practical and convenient . I also like the non slip surface.So far the one con and thus only a four star rating , is that the colored measurements on each spoon are small and a little difficult to read , especially on the smaller spoons.I have read numerous reviews which state that the colored measurement wears off rather quickly , even with hand washing . Only time will tell if this will happen to my set , hopefully not , but I will have to deal with that if and when it happens.The spoons are like all OXO products , study and feel good in my hand . All things being equal , I am very pleased with these spoons and I look forward to using them frequently .
 I purchased this set of measuring spoons to match the 6-piece measuring cup set.So far , they 've served their purpose.Pros
 These measuring spoons get the job done , but I the little plastic piece that holds them together comes undone a litle too easily .
 I only wish I 'd gotten these earlier ! They are functional and I feel like I 've got a good grip .
 So one of the biggest complaints on this product was the markings wearing off , sometimes very fast . We were victim of this with a set of the OXO measuring cups , they lost their markings and it 's very hard to see what they are.However with the newest set of OXO measuring cups , and with these measuring spoons , we have n't had any issues . The markings are raised up , so even if the markings had come of -LRB- they have n't -RRB- you would be able to tell what it was still . They 've been through the dishwasher multiple times , and still there , so I think they 've finally fixed their issue.Other than that , these are great measuring spoons , easily pulling off the ring without having to open the entire ring up , and work great like I expect OXO products to .
 This is an excellent spoon that I use all the time . It has a long handle and a good gripping surface that works well , especially when stirring large pots of food . The bowl of the spoon holds more than I thought it would . The best thing is that it does n't scratch my teflon coated pots and pans and it it is easy to clean .
 I use this more stirring soups and sauces . It is great and easy to clean -LRB- just toss it in the dishwasher -RRB- . OXO is also nice enough , yet simple , so you can use it as serveware for a casual dinner with friends .
 The OXO Good Grips Nylon Spoon was indeed a great puchase . I bought this spoon along with the slotted spoon and both have worked so well that I 've just ordered a second pair . Some reviewers have criticized the long handle but I have found the handle to provide extra support and leverage . -LRB- I just store it in a drawer instead of a caddy -RRB- . This was a great buy which has held up under some intense use in the last few months . Highly recommended .
 i highly recommend this spoon for the following reasons
 I live alone and tend to avoid any complications in food prep and cleanup . I make lots of soup in the microwave using large 2 qt pyrex measuring cups or on the stove using non-stick pots . I have several spatulas and spoons for cooking but I prefer a spoon of no scratch materials . This spoon is large enough for a good sized pot of soup , pasta , rice , potatoes or grits . It is seamless at all food contact surfaces -LRB- below the handle , which is only for design purposes -RRB- leaving a long clean shaft for food contact to avoid contamination from hidden residual dirt and rigid enough to be very functional , unlike the seamless Orka Silicone Spoon that I purchased previously -- that spoon had no interior stiffener like Orka 's excellent spatulas and with very little use became too limber to be comfortable when using with anything other than plain liquid . Nylon is naturally rigid and it is an excellent inert material that does not transfer chemicals to your food -LRB- its commonly used in labs and chemical plants -RRB- . The good grips spoon is a little larger than I prefer but is even functional for use as a soup spoon after cooking to keep cleanup to a 1 pot , 1 spoon minimum . What ?? I clean up well enough to be taken to town and I try to avoid such obvious hot buttons at home when my girl friend is here . And if I ca n't change my underwear , I ALWAYS swap front to back and inside out on alternate days ! Sorry Ma.Good item , good price ! Go Oxo ! Go Amazon !
 I bought this spoon to use in my non-stick pans . It seems to be sturdier than some plastic spoons I have used and appears that it will last a long time . I 've been using it for more than a year now .
 I like a nice big spoon for cooking and serving . This is one of my favorites ! Very easy to clean , and Good Grips is apropos for ease of use and grip-ness . I use mine almost every day . I also have the nylon slotted spoon and ladle .
 Pretty nice spoon for the price . I have many other Oxo good grips products that have all held up pretty well , so I expect this one to be the same . If not , I 'll update the review . This spoon looks and feels pretty sturdy , so I should n't be disappointed .
 i love it . handle long enough for stock pots . scoop is just right . feels comfortable in my hand . i bought a couple of these . would highly recommend .
 I am a fan of Oxo products , but not just for comfort . There is often a functional improvement involved in Oxo products that makes them worthwhile . This spoon is a great example . When I need to stir something for a while , using a regular spoon or spatula causes my oversized hands to cramp because the shaft/handle is just too small . The large handle is just right for me . Your mileage may vary ...
 I bought a KitchenAid Spoon to begin with , it was to deep , to heavy . Just like Goldie Locks said , the new spoon is perfect for me .
 Never should have been on order , tried to cancel within five minutes and amazon would not let me ! Really unhappy with Amazon , no help !
 I have little hands and this one fits really well . I also adore this shape of knife . Paring knives and I never really got along ... and other knives , well , they left me cold.But this particular shape seems to cover 90 % of my knifing needs in the kitchen . I can cut up chickens , dice onions and celery quickly -LRB- even with proper form ... woo woo ! -RRB- . I only have two wishes for this knife and it would be asolutely perfect :1 . The silicone handle is n't my favorite , but its still very nice . I would like the shiny handle like the other KitchenAid knivesand2 . I need about 4 more of these because I have to wash it each time since it is effectively the only knife I will use anymore !
 For the price this knife is great . The handle makes chopping much easier , as it it easy to grip . It keep it 's edge well .
 I was looking for a spatula that would be strong enough to be used to scrape burned on food off a frying pan and have certainly gotten that with this spatula . It 's strong , appears to be extremely well made , and makes me wish I 'd ordered one like this long ago . The handle is comfortable and does n't look like it 'll ever come loose , unlike the spatula this one replaces .
 I am very happy w / this product . It is durable and very sharp looking . The handle is comfortable to use .
 Look , I judge cooking utensils by simple standards
 I had hoped to get a replacement for an old spatula I had whose handle had broken due to dropping on concrete ; unfortunately , this one is not it . It is a fine spatula , though
 This spatula has a perfect design - its grip is terrific . It makes it easy to turn pancakes etc in a pan . Its perfectly sized . It 's stainless steel . It hangs easily . What more could you want . Highly recommended .
 This spatula is very study , has a nice grip , and the metal part is very smooth . Even so , it is definitely not meant to be used in any coated pans , because it does scratch them .
 I bought this for my boyfriend when he was so frustrated with his spatula falling apart . I looked at the positive reviews and I now add mine . Although I did n't personally use it , -LRB- I know I 'm a lucky girl with a guy who loves to cook -RRB- , he said it 's the best spatula he 's ever used . Also hinted it 's looking lonely up there so I may be looking for some other cooking tools from the same product line ! LOLOxo Good Grips Stainless Steel Turner
 More expensive than the plastic models but this is far superior than the cheaper ones in every way . No flaking , melting , and easy to clean . Just an outstanding product that no one will regret purchasing . I am greatly pleased with this turner and would recommend it to anyone who has plastic ones that basically become an unhealthy seasoning in their food as they use it . A wonderful addition to my kitchen and worth every single cent it cost . Works great and has absolutely no negative features . Buy it and you will never be sorry . Oxo has outdone itself with this utensil and I will seek out their brand of excellent products in the future . Outstanding in all ways and exceeds all my expectations of what a turner can be . I ca n't believe I ever used a plastic turner in the past when this model was available . A superb turner of incredible quality and superior engineering design . Congratulations for producing a turner that offers such peace of mind and effectiveness in purpose .
 Thank you Amazon , You have done it again . Great Products along with Super Fast Shipping . My husband is going to love these OXO Good Grips utensils . These utensils are so gorgeous , sturdy and durable . They are and look so much more expensive than what I paid for them . You know I 'm going to order more.Right !!
 My husband likes it . We have no complaint about it . I think it will last very long time . It 's a good quality turner .
 I received this turner today and wasnt surprised about the quality because I have tons of oxo good grips kitchen utencils . They are the very best . The rubber handle is easy on the hands and the steel turner is thick and durable . I 'll have this for years ... It will never rust . Its that high quality . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 The product arrived quickly and was as described . I am pleased with product and seller .
 When I switched over to all stainless steel pots and pans I knew my nylon utensil days were at last OVER . I reviewed and visited the most expensive sets in the kitchen specialty stores to examine the hype . I gently stressed the hinges and rubber attachments when they had them . I also noticed a lot of the brushed stainless had burnished -LRB- polished -RRB- spots on them just from hanging on the racks . Not pretty . The hands down winner of my research was the OXO 79 * mirror polished utensil series . This is the only set of steel utensils that I 've found to have the die struck edges polished as well . Oxo 's design team must give each other high-fives when they see their finished products . They really should.After countless weeks of comparison shopping , I 'm confident that for the quality and construction of these utensils , they are WAY under priced . I 've had them for a year now and it 's easy to see they 're gon na last for years . Super tough construction , the rubber attachments are thick and TIGHT . Also , the steel is the thickest I found -LRB- 1mm -RRB- which makes a world of difference . Simply perfect , simply beautiful.I was able to find all pieces that I needed except the pasta forkOXO Good Grips 79791 Stainless Steel Spaghetti Fork , until now . I had literally search the world over -LRB- via web -RRB- for months and forgot that I had put it in my wish list here on Amazon . By golly they found it and flagged it for me on my opening page ! Thank you Amazon for completing my set !
 This turner , like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability , and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design , hefty body , and big , pressure-absorbing , non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers , are the reasons why you 'll prefer this product over the more traditional models , as they will allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries.Its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to use either in the kitchen or at the dinner table , and it also comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging , a strong , stout neck guaranteed to be unbendable , and rounded corners to avoid scratching the sensitive surface of non-stick cookware.Overall , this turner is perfect for fried foods like scrambled eggs , hamburgers , fish sticks and pancakes , and I even use it for removing sticky cookies from the baking sheet . Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years . Furthermore , its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal , everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 I was tired of buying cheap spatulas that broke at the weld after a few uses . So far , this spatula is exactly what I expected . It has no weld between the turner and handle to break and it does n't bend when I press down on a hamburger . The handle has a nice soft grip.Even though it seemed a little high priced , I am glad to finally have a spatula that may last more than a few months .
 This is a well made spatula . The round corners are idea for pans with round bottom to side transition , which makes it a good tool for stirring food . However , it 's too thick and too rigid to slid under the food effectively .
 we bought many of the OXO Good Grip items to replace our old and unattractive kitchen utensils , and love the quality , comfortable grips , and looks of our new kitchen essentials.I would recommend the OXO Good Grips to any of my family or friends with no hesitation . we are very impressed by the OXO Good Grips utensils for the comfortable handles , quality construction looks and price .
 8months ago
 Another fine product by Oxo Good Grips . Good value for a sturdy spatula that will not bend out of shape . Love the comfy grip too .
 This spatula is a solid one that works well in cooking things . So far , I 've mainly used it to turn meat when frying or sauteing food on the cooktop . It replaced a really cheap one and my husband laughed when he saw it because it was so much more solid than the previous one . I told him we would be passing it on to someone in our will !
 Works for me . My 30-year old ECKO/Flint died from regular use ; a worthy tool . I have Flint/ECKO and OXO and Farberware and a few other brands , collected over the years . I compare all to the sturdiness and usability of the Flint ; OXO has moved up to a close second place , or better . I wanted a stiff steel turner . This is , without being heavy . This has the great OXO handle , which can sometimes unbalance their kitchen tools because of all that rubber , but this is good in the hand , because of the length and weight of the metal . I wish it would have had a straight leading edge for scraping clean skillets/pans but it great for sliding under food items . I 'll find another for the former .
 This is really well made and I love the handle , but it 's much bigger than I thought it would be !
 This spatula has a nice sized face with a easy to grab handle . The stainless steel looks nice and is not very flexible , whis is exactly what I was looking for .
 Came in a timely manner , looks like it 's good quality and strong ! Ca n't wait to start using it , stainless does n't look like it will rust .
 After going through spatulas left and right this one lasts and I did n't even have to go to SPATULA CITY ; - -RRB-
 the oxo good grips stainless steel turner is an excellent buy . the product is great for use in pans that do not have a teflon type coating . i would recommend this product to anyone .
 It is sturdy and durable I know that it will last a long time ! Good for all your frying needs .
 I love it ! It 's grip is perfect and the stainless steel is really nice . It seems pretty durable as well .
 Just what I wanted . Perfect shape for easy handling and excellent quality . Just what the chef ordered , but could not find locally at kitchen stores .
 This is , nice , nothing to write home about but it gets the job done . The grip is very nice and it has a good look to it .
 This metal spatula was recommended by a popular cooking show and works just fine on steel or iron pans but not for non-stick pans since it would scratch the surface .
 This turner is very convenient . The size is perfect and the handle is comfortable to hold .
 Turns things over as it should . Quality is acceptable for todays standards . Have used weekly and dishwashed and had no issues in over a year .
 Have n't used it yet but I can tell it is made very well and has a great handle . I already threw out my old spatula because I can already tell that I am going to love this spatula !
 Perfect size and weight , just exactly what I was looking for . They are firm enough that there is little bend , not limp and cheap feeling .
 A nice spatula for turning fish filets or like size items . A good addition to the kitchen , A handy item. ,
 This turner is versatile , easy to use , and handy . It 's size is comfortable , it 's strength reasonable . I use a shorter and stronger turner to scrape off crust in a pan .
 Sometimes the plastic turners just are n't thin enough to get under cookies or other thin items . This worked perfectly . I recommend this .
 This is another item recommended by America 's Test Kitchen that really hits the mark ! It is JUST the right size . I have lots of turners of various types and sizes and this is my new favorite .
 I really like this spatula . I was looking for something larger than my little plastic one , and this one is very nice . I like the handle especially . Unfortunately , because it is stainless steel I ca n't use it on my griddle because it scratches the surface of it .
 I have to say that I was skeptical about a whole water filtration & softening system for the price found here . After a lot of research online , most products were either poorly made , did n't function at all or were a scam . -LRB- including the one on Dr. Mercola 's site which was disappointing -RRB- . After calling and talking with Puriteam staff , I thought I would give it a try and I 'm glad I did.I installed the system myself and have been using it ever since . The instructions are a little confusing , but after rereading them , I realized that they are just written in an overly detailed fashion . Personally , I 'd rather have overly detailed than no instructions or instructions that have been poorly converted from another language.The water in our city is horribly over chlorinated and after getting out of the shower , I use to smell the chlorine on my skin . But now it 's chlorine free . After the installation , the water quality is excellent and chlorine free . I was raised in Lake Tahoe , so I know what good clean water should taste like and this system is like a taste of home.I called and spoke with them several times and each time , I was greeted quickly , dealt with professionally and they all knew the answers to all my questions . Even the technical ones.Overall , I give them two thumbs up and have already recommended these folks and this product to my friends and family .
 This is an excellent cooking spoon . Long and very light weight , the oval perforated bowl is large and the handle is comfortable to hold . According to the OXO website , the spoon is heat resistant to 400 degrees ; not the 250 degrees as shown in the product description above .
 A slotted spoon is a must-have with vegetables . I like how OXO is nice enough that you can use it as serve ware for a casual dinner . The slots separate the juices and the veggies , so you do n't have a soggy plate .
 This spoon is the favorite one on my utensil rack . It 's sturdy , easy to hold , and the handle 's long enough I do n't have to get too close to the boiling pot when I use it . I know it 's dishwasher safe , but I wash it right after using and rarely put it in the dishwasher because I use it every day and my dishwasher does n't load up for a couple of days . -LRB- Would n't dream of running it without a full load , you know . -RRB- My daughter came over for dinner the other night and was helping me serve up the food and found this spoon and said , `` What a great spoon ! '' She 's an artist , not a homemaker , so coming from her , this is unusual praise . Anyway , Oxo Good Grips is a great line of well-made , easy on the hands products and I 've got a wee bit of arthritis that occasionally makes grabbing things painful , so I love this spoon very much and highly recommend it .
 I needed a spoon with slots or holes for lifting vegetables , etc. , out of water in non-stick pots . I checked out the selection at the local WalMart and the ones they had either struck me as being overpriced -LRB- even for WalMart -RRB- or flimsy . I took a chance on this one because I own a couple of Oxo kitchen products and am very happy with them , and I am pleased with this spoon . -LRB- And I was able to combine it with 3 other kitchen items and thereby take advantage of Amazon 's 4-for-3 offer . -RRB- It has a nice heft and is not at all flimsy , the `` good grips '' handle is a perfect size for my large hands , and the spoon end is as large as the spoon end of a Revere Ware stainless spoon of this kind I own -LRB- which is as large as stainless spoons I used in a professional kitchen many years ago -RRB- , and water drains through the holes in the spoon quickly . Plus , it 's easy to wash , and unlike my stainless spoon , which has wood grips , this nylon spoon can be left sitting in a wet sink . Based on my positive experiences with Oxo kitchen products , I 'll look to them first next time I need a new kitchen gadget . They seem to make good quality stuff .
 I think this spoon is a little too thick . That might sound crazy , but when your trying to stir beans , it makes them break apart . Its good for stews and other heavy foods , but if your trying to cook beans , and other fragile foods , go for something else . Normally I love all the OXO products , but this is one I would n't buy again .
 I love OXO products since they 're nearly always ergonomically sound , comfortable to use , well-designed , and a good value . This slotted spoon is no exception . It seems like a simple thing , but a good slotted spoon makes life easier , draining the water from vegetables like a pro . Then you can use the vitamin-rich broth to include in a pan sauce or stew.Some of the reviewers have said it 's too thick to cook with . You do n't use this utensil for cooking . You use tongs , a silicone spatula or wooden spoon -LRB- which is far thicker -RRB- . I purchased this specifically because I needed something for my non-stick pots . It fills the bill .
 I purchased the `` Oxo Good Grips Nylon Slotted Spoon '' from Amazon recently and we could not cook without it . Terrific for vegetables or any other food you want to dish up and not have the extra juice in a serving dish or on a plate . Oxo makes the most comfortable handles of any kitchen tool company . Even if you do n't have arthritis this will be easier to use and does not slip wet or dry .
 The OXO Good Grips Nylon Slotted Spoon was indeed a great puchase . I bought this spoon along with the regular spoon and both have worked so well that I 've just ordered a second pair . Some reviewers have criticized the long handle but I have found the handle to provide extra support and leverage . -LRB- I just store it in a drawer instead of a caddy -RRB- . This was a great buy which has held up under some intense use in the last few months . Highly recommended .
 Sometimes I grab this when my heavy OXO stainless spoon would be the first choice just because it 's closer , and it 's strong enough to handle the job . The shaft never bends under a heavy load . A very good value .
 Not much to review - it 's a cooking/serving spoon . The grip is good . The spoon itself is good size . However , in my opinion , it 's too tall for every day use . Therefore , I only use for my `` big pots '' .
 This would get 5 stars if the handle was a little shorter . Everything about it is fine - it 's very comfortable to hold - but getting into small pots is a bit of a chore due to the overall length .
 I know there are already a bunch of positiive reviews on this spoon and on OXO products , in general , so I will try not to be too wordy about a spoon.I already owned a couple OXO products so I expected this spoon to be equally excellent in quality and function ... it is . This is much sturdier than the spoon that you can get for half the cost of this one . That is precisley why I was willing to pay twice as much for this spoon . I like to purchase well made stuff that works and seems like it will last me a long time . That is what you get with OXO products . They are still made in china , which I am not fond of , but the quality is there so I can live with it.If you are tired of paying $ 1 for totally junky stuff , consider stepping up to OXO products like this Nylon Slotted Spoon .
 I searched Amazon products and found this great spoon . I ordered it , it arrived promptly and I love it . I was unable to find it the stores so I ordered it through Amazon . Linda Z in CA
 Aside from holding onto a little too much liquid , I have no complaints . It 's a slotted spoon . And it 's nylon so it wo n't scratch your non-stick cookware.It 's also fairly hefty . Not heavy , just thick . This is n't a criticism necessarily . It makes for a non-bendy spoon . But if you want to store several of these kinds of utensils in , say , a canister , the rubber-grip handles tend to cling to one another .
 The Holiday Tarten is a beautiful pattern and the set is a lovely addition to anyone 's holiday dinner table .
 I love OXO products for their quality and design , but an asian turner is something I will stick with in steel . I have both this nylon turner and the OXO steel stainless steel asian turner . This nylon one is made very well , but I find that the handle being made of nylon goves too much when you are really diggin in there and tossing everything around . To each 's own but i do reccommend a stainless wok and a stainless metal turner .
 Good : not as bendy as the prior review had me fearing . YMMV . Like my stainless oxo turner , a perfect shape for the wok . However , being plastic , it 's better suited to cast iron woks.Bad : If you really dig around ar scrape the heated surface wit this item , the end melts and scrapes-off . I have a feeling that I 'm going to use this until I establish the seasoning on a few new pieces of cast iron , then I 'll switch back to the oxo stainless turner .
 Very sturdy , feels good . . It does MELT if left in a HOT iron Skillet . . Mine suffered a small melt at contact point on Iron Skillet , but still funcitions great . .
 Finally , a quality turner/spatula for use in non-stick woks . Buy two and thank me later . I would give it four stars if the handle were a bit stiffer . Highly recommended .
 I purchased the `` Oxon Good Grips Nylon Asian Turner '' and a few more Oxon tools . This is particularly useful in stir fry 's and flips small and larger items well without scratching the surface of your wok or pan.They are all well made and have the best handles of any kitchen tool you can buy . Even if you do n't have arthritis these handles will save you from putting more pressure on your hands and give you a good grip wet or dry . I like them better than the all metal ones and if you are using non-stick surfaces or cast iron this is perfect .
 The reason I purchased this was because I have a non-stick Wok . They work very good and clean up is awesome . I just purchased another so I have 2 on hand . OXO does make good products , very impressed ...
 I have a non-stick , flat-bottom wok and have been using a slighty wide-head silicone turner . It 's not the greatest turner because the silicone makes it heavy and thick . I 've been looking for a non-metal one for the longest time . I finally decided to get this one because it looks like the size of a typical Asian turner and it 's not metal . I know that the nylon may melt abit along the edge if the wok is too hot . It happened to our OXO basic turner . I figured the whole point of wok cooking is stir-frying quickly so melting may not be a big issue . I also bought the Joyce Chen wooden version of a wok turner and it was very disappointing . It does n't have enough bent to scoop up the food and the head is smaller than this one -- pretty useless -- good thing I bought it on sale.Update as of 3/30/2009 - I really like this turner ... it 's light and stir-fries quite well . I cook Asian dishes everyday and have n't had any problems with the melting . I usually stir-fry very quickly ... just 1-2 tosses , let it cook and repeat again when needed until it 's done . The weight of the turner makes a difference when you need to cook a several-course meal . So far this one works for me .
 Its impossible to buy bad stuff from oxo ... Everything they make is high end . . super quality ... I love their rubber handled utencils ... They are easy on the hands and are dishwasher safe ... The metal is thick and of real quality ... You cant go wrong with these products ...
 I love this spoon , i mean it 's great . Great grip , makes eating so much more easy . But , i do have one complaint . Unless i 'm eating big food , everything falls through that hole in the middle of it . You can see it clearly in the picture . So it 's not much of a soup spoon , but it 's great for eating saltene crackers with THAT 'S for sure ! : -RRB-
 It is good quality . It is bigger than I anticipated , and does not work for my intended use of making batches of cookie dough . I continue to use an older spoon . This spoon is too long for my purpose at 133/16 '' long . The spoon part is 25/8 '' wide by 41/8 '' long , and that is okay . I need a shorter handle , around 11 '' .
 I have been looking for a good spoon to mix potato salad , cookies , cakes , etc. . I finally found one . The spoon is well made and the soft grip helps prevent stress and fatigue in my hand and wrist . The one piece construction of the spoon and handle should prevent it from breaking at the point where cheap spoons are spot welded.It seemed to be a little expensive , but if it lasts more than a few years , it will be worth the price paid .
 This is just wonderful ! I have arthritis and the cushioning in the handle is perfect for me . I highly recommend this spoon .
 This cooking spoon , like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability , and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design , hefty body , and big , pressure-absorbing , non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers , are the reasons why you 'll prefer this product over the more traditional models , as they will allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries.Its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to use either in the kitchen or at the dinner table , and it also comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging , and a strong , stout neck guaranteed to be unbendable.Overall , this ample spoon makes stirring simple and its well , which is just the right size , makes serving macaroni & cheese , mushroom soup , turkey gravy , rice , beans and other such foods , quick and delightful . Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years . Furthermore , its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal , everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 with its large capacity , comfortable handle , and strong shaft , this cooking spoon is the level of quality I 've come to expect from the OXO Good Grips line .
 Thank you Amazon , You have done it again . Great Products along with Super Fast Shipping . My husband is going to love these OXO Good Grips utensils . The utensils are so gorgeous , sturdy and durable . They looks so much more expensive for the price . You know I 'm going to order more . Right !!
 I recently took all of our old kitchen utensils and replaced them with OXO Grips and everyone of the OXO name items . So far everything including this spoon is so much better than the stuff we had bought in the past it was worth every cent we 've spent . The insulated handles are great , and with the construction looks great . Our last two sets -LRB- Kitchen Aide and Pinzon -RRB- did not show the quality of the OXO products.I would recommend the entire set to anyone , and know they would actually be happy with my recommendation .
 I bought this and the slotted one a while ago and they are still like new . I use them at parties and every day use . Other then at a party someone else might want to take it home because theirs are n't as nice they are perfect .
 I pondered replacing my old , stainless spoons with riveted wood handles after I redid my kitchen but the description about how the handle was attached was the deciding factor after I wiggled my riveted handles -- away to the resale shop went the serviceable old ones to make room for two of these . Once they came I was thrilled with the decision . These will last as long as I do and through some heavy-duty casseroles and bread dough scooping .
 This fine looking frame would make a great addition to any office or home . Shipping is quick and simple . You can track your items progess to your door . Great company , wonderful product . Would buy again from this merchant .
 My company performs varies types of construction services focusing primarily on bio-hazard related situations.Traditionally , we use 6 mil poly bags for remediation , concealment , or strength and durability . Sometimes we 'll even need to double bag 'em . Any caliber of bags in this category are pricey and sometimes hard to find so my company picks and chooses the actual need for them from job to job.I purchased the bags I 'm reviewing for two different reasons
 Needed a fork for my non-stick pans . This does the trick for what I needed .
 These works well , but the handles are so big , you could use two hands ... Perfect if you wish to accessorize your cauldron ...
 I absolutely love this Fork . My husband uses it every time he bar-b-que 's . It is an absolute must have . It is sturdy enough to pick up and carry a large roast or brisket . I personally use it on racks of ribs and sausage links . The hole at the end is the perfect size for hanging on a rack . for those of us that have large families or like to entertain , it can really handle the weight . It is long so you can handle food over a grill with out getting to close to the heat yourself . It wo n't melt when exposed to high heats and cleans up fast , just toss in the dish washer or hand wash . I have had mine for almost 2 years and it still looks great .
 i had been looking for a quality nylon fork to go with my other cooking utensils ... thought i had found one but the tips melted ... finally , i went to amazon and found your product ... i have used it and it is great ... so great , in fact , i bought the accompanying pieces and gave my other utensils away ... one of the smartest things i have ever done .
 This fork has worked well each time I 've used it . I like the feel of it in my hand , too .
 Substancial , works well with my large skillets , will hold a 3 pound roast with no problem .
 Great sturdy fork , cleans easy and food does not stick to the tines like it can with others . hard to find any sort of cooking fork like this . Base is a bit thick for storing with other utensils in a jar .
 This fork is great for working with non-stick pans . It is light , but sturdy . I would recommend it to my family and friends .
 Sturdy and does the job nicely . I wish it were a tad shorter , but it does what it is suppose to do . The quality is great . Does n't melt or become soft and pliable from the pan heat . Cleans effortlessly . I 'm going to change my rating from 4 stars to 5 stars !
 This fork is just prefect for all kinds of kitchen jobs . Plus it easy to clean , no nooks or cranies
 I am very pleased with this utensil . It is very sturdy and durable . I love it for stirring things in my non-stick skillets .
 I really like this item ; its very sturdy , sufficient but the handle is a bit bulky . It should be a little thinner for proper gripping . It does seem to be heat resistant and works very well on my non-stick cookware . Overall , it was worth the purchase .
 This is exactly what I was looking for . Previously I had ordered a different nylon fork -LRB- you can view my other reviews to see which one -RRB- and ended up returning it because it was too flexible and when I tried using it to pick up a 4 lb roast , it just was n't strong enough . But this one does the job very nicely .
 Love this fork when cooking in non-stick cookware and do n't want to scratch it . Very handy . Stiff enough to move food around or pick it up , yet flexible too .
 I had been looking for plastic fork for quite some time . They used to come as part of a set for teflon coated pots/pans . I finally came across the OXO fork , the product is hefty , and does the job . When a tool works the way it is supposed to , you have to give it a good rating , at least nowadays .
 I had been looking for a nylon fork for awhile to use with my non-stick pans without scratching them . This is perfect
 No complaints about this product . The picture represented the picture shown . The product shown was shipped on time for my need of the item .
 I like the forks I bought from Amazon , they are sturdy , good grips . They were shipped neatly , packaged well . OXO Good products are great .
 This holiday tableware set is beautiful , understated elegance - not too &#34; christmasy &#34; but with a lovely design that will look perfect on any holiday table !
 We love these dishes for our holiday meals . We started collecting them little by little and have purchased several sets . They come in a wonderful , strong box , so that they can be stored away the rest of the year safely . The little mug is just right for today 's casual living , for either coffee or tea . The quality is wonderful !
 I received two twelve piece dinnerware sets and was very pleased at the speed of delivery . The sets were exactly as I expected and arrived without any damaged pieces . The best thing about this fine dinnerware is that it is dishwasher safe ! I am now enjoying my holiday dinnerware and love it !
 I was extremely pleased wth the Lenox Holiday 12 piece set purchase ! It was definitely a great buy in that I did some comparative shopping and found the Amazon price to be the least expensive . The set looks elegant and will certainly add to the holiday table .
 I purchased this item in December and am going to purchase another 20 piece set . The lenox is beautiful . Amazon had the best price on this dinnerware and it was shipped in 5 days .
 I bought the Lenox Holiday set for 4 last Christmas , as a treat for myself . My family loved how beautiful and special it made our holiday table look . I read another reviewers notes who said that she remembered her family bringing out the holiday plates after Thanksgiving , and I thought
 I waited many years to buy holiday china ... I do n't know why I waited so long . This set is all you need for a festive holiday table . The salad plate can also stand in for a dessert plate . After dinner , before dessert I give the salad plates a quick wash up and they are ready for dessert service . The mugs are so much nicer than the small handled coffee/tea cup and saucer ... they hold more and they sit studily if you have elderly guests and they are so much better for men 's big hands than the tiny cup handle .
 I am a big fan of Lenox and have started my dauther-in-laws with the Christmas Holiday Plates . They are beautiful on the table with the candles light shining off of them . You will not be dissapointed .
 Beautiful dinnerware purchased as a gift to my daughter Christmas . Made in America and can be put in the dishwasher . The serving pieces will be great gifts to give to add to the set .
 I already owned service for 8 that I purchased well over a decade ago . I just happened upon -LRB- translated `` lucked up '' ! -RRB- this price drop -LRB- while shopping for a tablecloth for my new dining furniture -RRB- that I could not pass up . I just purchased an additional 12 place settings -LRB- 3 of these -RRB- at $ 79.98 each -LRB- service for 4 -RRB- . Could n't be happier ... not just with the price , but with the china . These are MADE IN THE USA . Each service for 4 arrived very well packaged in an attractive box with nothing broken ! These are dishwasher safe . Yes , I tested this out . I inspected each piece carefully upon unpacking , and found NO defects . These appear to be first quality . I am very happy to say that these match my old china perfectly . I can not tell the old pieces from the new . That aside ... I ended up purchasing the matching Lenox tablecloth . It 's nice , and I will keep it , but I think that it was a bit much of the same pattern for my taste . I think I will shop for a high quality solid color for next year . ... Thrilled with the dishes .
 My order arrived just a few days after ordering . It was packed well in an attractive box for gifting . The order process was simple and easy to complete . The dinnerware was a gift for our daughter . She loves it and can hardly wait for the Christmas holidays to use it . Hopefully , Amazon will have more pieces in this pattern so I can add to her collection .
 I was very pleased with this purchase . It was purchased as an addition to a four place setting I had received the previous year .
 Enjoying the dinnerware so much . Ca n't wait for the holidays to get my table decked out . Now I have enough for everyone .
 Beautiful bench and a lovely addition to our bedroom . The only negative would be that I wish it were a little higher . Nice leather and finish and goes beautifully in our new Tuscan bedroom .
 This bench is just beautiful . The only thing though is that it 's a little short for the bottom of the bed .
 OXO International makes well designed kitchen products with ease of use in mind . And this durable nylon spaghetti server is no exception . Their good grips concept is true to form and has won them the Tylenol Arthritic award.We make homemade pasta , which tends to be softer as well as fresher , and have found this spoon to be excellent for stirring and serving everything from linguine , vermicelli , rotini , and even the wispiest angel hair pasta . It stays cool and is long enough -LRB- over 14 in . -RRB- to spiral up noodles from the deepest stockpot without burning you . The extended prongs make for easy ` al dente ' checking as opposed to throwing strands against a wall , -LRB- although my son swears THAT makes him feel so Italian -RRB- And it just feels good in your hand.Note
 If you want to serve a perfect dish of spaghetti or noodles , I highly recommend this kitchen tool . It will keep the pasta untangled and aids greatly in transferring the pasta from pot to serving dish . The pasta wo n't break , meaning the pasta stays attractive . This is absolutely one of my favorite kitchen gadgets !
 It 's sturdy . Does not feel like it was cheaply made . It does what it 's supposed to do.I really do n't know what to compare it to . The ones I 've had in the past are light and not as sturdy . That 's about all I can say.Good stuff . I 'd definitely buy from them again -LRB- especially when they 're on sale -RRB-
 Excellent spaghetti server . Just a little on the large size , but otherwise , does its job perfectly .
 I like it , though it may be long and large for some people . We have used it now several times and it does just what we want ; moves spaghetti from the serving bowl to the individual dinner plates . It feels good and secure in the hand and provides a good size serving in a single scoop . It does what we wanted it for and are very pleased with the quality .
 the item arrived quickly and was well packaged . The item appears very sturdy and i expect it will last a long time
 Purchased this & some other items as small gifts & have not yet found any Oxo Good Grips pieces to be anything but sturdy & well made , and this was no exception . The recipient was delighted with this tool -LRB- along with some others -RRB- as she serves spaghetti often .
 My wife collects these and they are adorable . She has purchased most of these via Amazon and they have all arrived in flawless condition .
 I bought many of the OXO Good Grips kitchen gadgets for my wife to replace an assortment of older items that had just lost their looks , and so forth.This stainless slotted spoon as with all of the OXO Good Grips items we bought feels great in your hand , is well made and looks great.I would recommend the OXO Good Grips items to any of my family and friends , as a very nice home kitchen utensils set .
 This slotted spoon , like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability , and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design , hefty body , and big , pressure-absorbing , non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers , are the reasons why you 'll prefer this product over the more traditional models , as they will allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries.Its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to use either in the kitchen or at the dinner table , and it also comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging , and a strong , stout neck guaranteed to be unbendable.Overall , this spoon is perfect to strain vegetables , fruits , shrimp and other foods , and its easy to clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years . Furthermore , its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal , everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 What can be said about this ... it 's a spoon ! But it 's made of good quality SS , does n't rust when I send it thru the dishwasher and it 's big ! OXO makes some great products and Amazon sells them at great prices ... win/win situation for sure .
 A great spoon . Not all slotted spoons are the same , I like OXO products and this did not disappoint me . Good and balance .
 Bought this to replace an old slotted spoon that I broke while making supper . The heavy guage Stainless Steel spoon with the beefy grip makes it a real pleasure to use in the kitchen . If I break this one I must be doing something wrong .
 Thank you Amazon , You have done it again . Great Products along with Super Fast Shipping . My husband is going to love these OXO Good Grips utensils . These utensils are so gorgeous yet sturdy and very durable . They looks so much more expensive than what I paid for them . You know I 'm going to order more . Right !!
 Ordered this for a Christmas present and it arrived on time.I really like the gold and silver threads running thru the throw . It was better quality than I expected . My daughter screamed when she opened it and kissed and kissed the hugh pic of Tony.I was looking for Tony Stewart items and was happy to find this throw . I am a very happy customer .
 It 's a ladle and it ladles . Easy to clean good quality . Nothing negative to say about it . Not very expensive and fits well in my kitchen with the rest of the Oxo products I have .
 Upon receiving this item I was pleasantly surprised by its practicality and ease of use . No instructions as to how it is displayed at hand , how to clean and store . I recommend to everyone equally and professionals and amateurs . The only drawback - the color , the manufacturer could make and brighter colors . But the taste of the product is not affected . Enjoy all the appetite .
 I like the fact that this ladle is long and sturdy . Most of the ladle these days are significantly shorter and flimzy .
 These works well , but the handles are so big , you could use two hands ... Perfect if you have a cauldron ...
 definitivamnete funciona , no es hermoso ni es una obra de arte , pero hace muy bien el trabajo , de hecho ahora si esta el equipo completo de espatulas y cucharas oxo en mi cocina son robustos , de gran tama & ntilde ; o y muy buen grip.lo recomiendo , sumelo a su set y tendra un gran performance en su cocina , eso si solo para aluminio -LRB- teflon -RRB- nunca , pero nunca con ollas de hierro -LRB- logde -RRB- ya que se derriten en una fraccione de segundo .
 Holds a lot of liquid , sturdy . For those concerned about its size wrt storage
 I have yet to make a steamming pot of chili ; but look forward to the fact of being able to reach the very bootom of the pot and getting all the tasty bits of chili !
 I love this ladle , it works great on all kinds of soup mushroom , tomato , lentel , vegetable , chicken etc. . It also has a good grip and never falls out of my hand and into the soup bowl splashing the hot liquid all over the kitchen . I recomend a ladle to anyone who likes to make , serve and eat soup .
 Oxo Good Grips Nylon LadleThis Oxo Good Grips Ladle was purchased to be used primarily with soups and chili . It holds about 3 Oz and the oval shape makes it easy to scoop up and pour soup and chili without spilling . Since it is nylon , it is safe for non-stick pots and cleans easily . I do n't own a dishwasher so I wash it by hand .
 This ladle is just the right size for dipping soups , stews , etc. from my non-stick pans . It is ergonomic and I would recommend it to family and friends .
 I purchased the `` Oxo Good Grips Nylon Ladle '' from Amazon and we love it . Great for serving soups and I ca n't say it enough , Oxo makes the very best most comfortable handles of any kitchen tool company . Even if you do n't have arthritis this will be easier to use and does not slip wet or dry .
 I got this ladle primarily for soups and it does what it 's supposed to do . Typical sturdy OXO construction . It 's slightly larger than the ladle it replaced and needs to be stored in a utensil crock . I like that it 's black , as its not susceptible to staining like my old white one was .
 I 'm a fan of OXO products and this ladle did n't disappoint . I 've used it for everything from punch to chili without issue . Cleans up well and the grip is great . Ca n't get too excited about a ladle , but this one fits the bill and looks stylish to boot !
 I bought this for my daughter and she was thrilled with it . I got a good price , fast delivery , and the product was in excellent shape -LRB- as described -RRB- .
 I am unable to lift heavy things . I keep my mega large bag of dry cat food in a diaper hamper with a flip top , right next to my cat food bowl . I need a scoop , ladel with a good size bowl and a very long handle to ladel out the food . This is perfect for the task and like all Oxo Good Grips products , it is very easy to grasp .
 In true OXO Good-grips style this works great ! It is slightly circular so that it can mash all the way around the pan and it did n't destroy the non-stick on my pan when I tried it -LRB- somewhat nervously -RRB- the other day . My only complaint with it is that it does n't fit in a normal kitchen drawer .
 I love to make home style mashed potatoes using red potatoes and leaving the skin on . This masher worked great for me . I found it durable . The only complaint here that is of concern is cleaning . I really have n't had any problems cleaning it . I wash by hand with a small brush to get in between the tines and a spray of water it has come clean easily so far . Perhaps with a dishwasher it is more difficult . I imagine the stainless wire one would be easier to clean but I do n't feel like anything really stuck to the nylon tines that caused me any grief .
 I think this potato masher with its unique design is of better quality than any I have seen in the stores .
 This goes with me on camping trips works well , cleans easily if you clean it immediately . It does not scratch the silverstone pot either .
 I really like this potatoe masher this one was a replacement for one I had like it for years that finally gave out . I use it for more than mashing potatoes . Squash - meat that you are cooking frozen , mixing tuna salad - egg salad . Great Product
 Gets the job done , easy to clean in the dishwasher and does n't scratch pans . How much can you really say about a potato masher ?
 its ALL YOU COULD ASK FOR IN A FORK , AT ANY PRICE . shopped AROUND FOR A CARVING FORK , everything was $ 30.00 + + + . This one was one half of that , made with 18/10 stainless , comfy grip , long tines . Just terrific . Could not ask for anything better .
 As with almost all OXO products , this fork provides a good grip and makes carving easier .
 Price was good . Paying a lot for a meat fork that nothing more than stab and hold meat is not smart to me .
 received an expensive knife set for X Mas ... had a meat fork that would n't hold 1/th lb of meat ... this fork is sturdy , inexpensive and SHARP ... would recommend highly to all but do n't run with it as you may poke your eye out ... -LRB- channeling mom 's words as a kid but true in this case -RRB-
 Held up well to my 25lb turkey at Thanksgiving . Was sturdy and the handle did n't fall of like my last one
 I noted another reviewer commented the fork was quite sharp on the ends ; boy was he right . The two ends are almost like the end of a knife , very sharp and dangerous if you are not careful . The plus side is they go into meat easily with little pressure . The main reason I purchased this item was for the rubberized handle which is hand friendly . It looks and feels like it will last a long time -LRB- the handle -RRB- ; the main steel is stainless and fairly heavy duty -LRB- it wo n't bend easily if at all -RRB- ; all in all , this is a quality item . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is the chance you could be stabbed by the tool if you were careless ; it 's kind of like a knife , be careful with it and it will serve you well , be careless , and you may have two puncture marks on your body , and they wo n't be vampire bites .
 I needed a spatula that would not scrape through seasoned cast iron cookware but would scrape up and turn cooking eggs , hash brown potatoes , pancakes or meat . This spatula works perfectly . After six months use , I 'd recommend it highly . Enjoy a good tool .
 It 's a good size , but not too big . I bought this for lasagna and serving from casserole dishes . Will also work great for cooking on a non-stick pan .
 never used it for lasagna , but it 's big enough to pick up two fried eggs at once , which is very convenient .
 After being disappointed with the quality of a spatula/turner I got at a local big discount store -LRB- it melted ! -RRB- , I decided to spend the extra money and get this turner . You really do get what you pay for . I have been very pleased with it . The cheaper one I got locally would melt along the edge when I used it to stir fry or flip things in a hot skillet . This one has no such problem . It is a good weight , is comfortable in your hand , and is firm enough to turn things easily . And no melting ! I 'll probably buy more kitchen tools from this brand , given the quality of this item .
 LOVE THIS COOKING UTENSIL ... we use it for much more than just Lasagna . It has held up very well with use . I definitely recommend it : -RRB-
 I got this to use in pans I do n't want scratched . But it is way bigger than my OXO stainless lasagna turner . This would make a better burger turner .
 have used this pie server for many pies , cakes , cookies ; but works best for pies ; love the grips handle on all oxo tools
 Great product . I love all of Oxo 's Soft Grips products . The handles are a good size and they seem to have taken left handed people into consideration when designing their product . What more can I say about a pie server ?!? It serves cake well , too . Just do n't use it on a griddle . : o -RRB-
 We do not have pie very often , but when we do it works great . Just right and can be used in other applications as well .
 Unless , like us , you try to serve it with a regular knife and then have to scrape the leftovers onto your plate . Not very attractive when serving guests . OXO tools are well built and easy to use and this server is no exception .
 This is not the most beautiful pie server ever made , but it is perhaps one of the most functional . Very well designed and made , and comfortable to hold . It is totally practical , and I recommend it .
 I ordered one of these last week and have already used it for both quiche and cake . I LOVE that it cuts as well as serves , negating the need for a knife . I just ordered a second one for myself today !
 We bought this to replace a cheaper pie server and was very pleased with the build quality and design Oxo put into this . The rubber handle is great and comfortable . No issues washing it and it just feels secure when serving pie . The ribbed side of this piece really does come into handy as well . Be careful with it though as it is sharp .
 This is one of the best made pie servers I have ever owned and the price was very reasonable ... it is made with heavy gauge stainless steal and it has no give at all . . this is a well made product ... nothing cheap about this pie server at all . . buy it . . you wont be disappointed
 I really like this , but it 's a little expensive . Could n't find a pie scoop in any stores around here , so had to buy it here .
 This is a perfect utensil for getting pies out of the pan as well and the serrated edge is perfect for cutting slices of pie . One word of caution , the serrated edge is sharp and care should be taken in washing as it could cut you . Otherwise a great produce by a great company !
 I ordered this to supplement a more decorative pie server . Handle is very comfortable -LRB- thanks OXO -RRB- and easier to use when serving a large piece of pie .
 I have already used , and dishwasher washed this pie server a number of times . It is well made , and I like the rubberized handle grip .
 I was surprised at how thin the metal was on this . But upon using , I realized the flexible spring steel is actually a key part of this pie server 's functionality . It is firm vertically for cutting , but flexible laterally when scooping into the pie . It 's nothing beautiful but works like a charm .
 The Pie Server is just like every other OXO product we have bought . Fantastic . You can not go wrong with OXO .
 I got this pie server because I wanted one with a serrated edge , and OXO generally makes good stuff . I was n't disappointed . The toothed edge makes a big difference in the ordeal that is cutting a pie neatly , especially since I do n't have to maneuver both a fork & a knife in trying to get slices out.The handle is comfortable , and the item overall feels solid and unlikely to bend if it meets a hard bit of crust . It 's definitely not flimsy , and I expect it to last a long time.I 've put it in the dishwasher several times to no apparent ill effect . That 's always a plus !
 I bought this to help me because my fingers do n't grasp as well as they used to . It has a decent handle that 's easy to hold -LRB- main reason for buying it -RRB- , but the toothed edge is great for making a quick slice without destroying the crust .
 We purchased this server as part of a Christmas gift of baking tools for our daughter who loves to make baked goods . She loved it .
 Great pie server with cerrated side - very sturdy , washes in dishwasher with no problems . Overall very satisfied with the purchase .
 I use this pie server for pies , cakes , and even to serve pizza 's . it is of good quality , strong but thin , comfortable to hold , and used for generous portions . If you are on a diet and need to serve smaller sizes , it is difficult to serve smaller portions of anything sweet , but my company I keep do not seem to mind , but rather carry a twinkle in their eye as I serve them homemade chocolate cake , pumpkin pie , lemon meringue and tortes . It is a wonderful , affordable addition to my kitchen that makes serving such time consuming desserts a graceful treat .
 This completely fixed the nasty rubber taste that was starting to creep into my morning coffee -LRB- from the old rubber seal melting i guess ... gross ! -RRB-
 This is an OEM part for the Bialett Moka Express . It fits the 6 cup size perfectly . In fact , it fits better than the original gasket that came with pot .
 Make sure you go on Bialetti 's website to check out infor on sizes so that you buy the right size for your pot . Mine fits quite well
 Fits my 8 cup Moka pot like a charm . Glad I bought these replacements ! My old gasket was way shot out .
 Have n't used yet . But I 'm sure they 'll work . They look the same as the original filters . Nice quality and there are 3 in the pack . And if this sounds retarded it 's because I keep getting bugged in my email to rate this product . But you ca n't rate it with less than ten words of commentary . They 're little rubber gasketed filters ! They do n't need a ten word or better review !
 Perfect fit for my Bialetti . Very good value . I would recommend if your coffee maker starts making bitter tasting coffee .
 It came in original packaging , quickly and in good condition . I just needed the gasket , not the filter , and there are 3 gaskets and one filter in the pack . I use my bialetti daily so I 'm sure that at some point I 'll get to use all the extra parts but not yet , because they are durable.That is if you do n't boil the coffee to death like I did once , blowing up the poor already worn gasket . I would recommend this product to a friend .
 This fit nicely in my maker , even though it is not a Bailetti . It is nice to have few spares as well .
 Love moka pots and these gaskets are very helpful to have on hand if you have one . Would buy again .
 I do n't trust some of the cheap ones available in local supermarkets . They might not last , have strong smell or not be food-grade quality!If you are not sure about the size , check this out
 I purchased this replacement gasket/filter set as an original spare when I ordered my Bialetti pot . I am still using the original gasket/filter set that came with the pot and it seems to be working well , no leaks , and gasket does not show any unusual fast wear and tear . I 'm careful never to over tighten as that would most likely shorten the life span of any gasket , and never use any abrasive cleaning action on the gasket either . I would only purchase original replacement parts . I am very pleased with speedy shipping to Maui . So far no complaints .
 My6 cup moka pot , nearly 15 years old now , finally stopped working . It would sit and boil , but no coffee came through the spout . I was close to throwing it away completely when I found these while shopping for a replacement . For one fourth the cost of the replacement pot , I was able to fix the appliance . Here 's to another 15 years .
 Like all good things , time wears our material items thin . So changing the gasket on the Bialetti coffeemaker is important . That way the landfills wo n't be filled with metal pots because a little rubber ring wore out ! I have looked for the gaskets and replacement filter in retail stores to no avail . So I was delighted to find these online . There are many sizes of Bialetti 's , so make sure you purchase the right size . Once the new filter and gasket is in place , be sure to have a couple of test runs with plain water . I did n't realize that the package came with 3 replacement filters , so I ordered two sets . The price is very reasonable , so it 's not worth the effort to return the extra set.My two sets will probably last a lifetime and a half . So I 'll plan to pass my Bialetti along to my heirs ; -RRB-
 There are only three things I need to say about this item : They are an exact fit for the Bialetti Class 6-cup maker , they are cheaper than I have found anywhere else , and they are a bit thinner than the original gasket that comes with the maker . This is not to say that they do not fit . They fit perfectly , but might not last quite as long . But you get three for about five bucks . I paid about the same plus shipping for just one from another place . Amazon is definitely the place to buy them from .
 I have had my Bialetti Moka Express for many years and the gasket finally went south on me . I went to the Bialetti web site and was very surprised by the asking price for this small rubber ring . Lucky for me , I tried amazon.com and found the identical brand name item from Chef Tools for a lot less including the shipping costs.A short time later I had my tasty Moka in one hand while patting myself on the back with the other for checking on Amazon . Here is a link for anyone who needs a fix for their Moka Express . -LSB- . . -RSB- Happy Sipping to everyone .
 None of all the new-fangled espresso machines in the world havematched the old Bialetti stovetop pot . The parts are easy to replace and the pot lasts forever if you do n't do anything stupid to it .
 I was glad to find replacement parts for my coffee maker , which arrived on time , and as ordered .
 I havnt use it yet cause i bought it to have it when times come . Company service good , satisfy
 Three rubber gaskets and a new top filter for the Bialetti 6 cup stove top espresso brewer . How much can you say about some rubber gaskets ? Not much , but these are Bialetti branded replacements , identical to what came with the new unit . As long as the originals have lasted , I should be set for life .
 After melting the gasket due to making coffee without water -LRB- yeah you can laugh -RRB- I was upset about the loss of my beloved moka pot . When someone told me I could buy a new pot on Amazon I was amazed to see that I could purchase a new gasket as well . My only advice would be to measure , measure , measure . I bought the wrong size from a local store because they only had the one size . At least Amazon had all the parts necessary .
 I have a Moka Express pot that was my great grandmother 's from about 50 years ago and decided to try to use it . The gasket and filter were corroded and falling apart . I found this replacement set and took a chance and ordered it . The gaskets and filter are original-equipment quality and fit perfectly .
 I broke my original gasket because I overtightened the top . I do n't know how long it was broken but even with it cracked it still worked and brewed great coffee . I only noticed the damage when I was cleaning it and it fell apart.The replacements are Bialetti brand and are exactly what I needed . They fit perfectly and I am SO looking forward to my cup of coffee tomorrow morning.Side note
 Bialleti new gasket and filter works great ! The previous gasket wore out that originally came with the Bialetti coffee maker for the stove . The Bialetti previous gasket burnt and had to for sure be replaced . I would recommend not sealing the percolator to tight because it causes dark creases in the gasket though put on so that you know it 's sealed . Always remember to put water in it that is why it burnt up in the first place to have to buy a new filter but these will come in handy when they run down . 3 Gaskets came in the bag with a filter . Great shipping came in time/fast so I could enjoy the deep roasted coffee with full flavor . Would buy again !
 We were thinking we 'd have to send off to who-knows-where to get a new gasket , and here it was ! So much easier -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- than we thought , and we 're happy with the quality , and the speed in which it got to us !
 Got these to replace the gaskets and filters on my coffee pot ! They were a great fit and I ordered more for my daughter .
 After years of making espresso first thing every morning , the Bialetti gasket began to show signs of wear . I visited upscale kitchen ware and coffee speciality stores - but no replacement available . Then one sales associate referred me to Amazon . I found the kit , just days before international guests were scheduled to arrive at my home for an extended visit . Happily , the shipment was sent on schedule so the gasket arrived before my guests !
 I removed the old , brown , swollen gasket and the original filter plate . I thought about reusing the plate but the interior side looked ugly . So I set the new plate atop the footings and secured it with the new gasket . Everything fit together as it should . To test it I prepared a pot of coffee . No leaks ! The top and bottom chambers were completely sealed.The gasket fit correctly and worked as it should .
 I bought this for my Bialetti 6800 Moka Express 6-Cup Stovetop Espresso Maker . So far it has not been used .
 This grinder is a no frills grinder that has a heavy duty feeling motor housing and a stainless steel cup . The plastic cover is really thick plastic making the whole thing feel well built . It does however only create the standard grind using blades . For this type of grinder I rated 5 stars . Buyers should be aware of the class that this grinder is in as a standard blade grinder .
 This little unit takes up very little space and does a nice job ! Like other Kitchen Aid products , it sounds solid and powerful , and seems durable .
 What KitchenAid calls ` Cobalt Blue ' , I call purple . I picked mine up at the ` Friday Sale ` for $ 22.99 . It was the only color on sale -LRB- if that gives the reader a clue -RRB- . Does it do the job it claims ? You bet . In 15 seconds , I had the perfect grind for my drip coffee maker . I have found it beneficial to ` pulse ' the grinder -LRB- really is a chopper-like mini blender -RRB- rather than have it run continuously . That way , I can get more uniformity in preparing the course grind needed for my French press coffee maker.Is it noisy ? Yes , -LRB- but not painfully so -RRB- for the first few seconds . However , we are talking about a total of a quarter minute of grinding time.Does the cover fit loosely and ` leak ' ? The cover fits a little loosely . However , I found that filling the basket to its minimum level made more ground coffee than was needed for my 12-cup maker -LRB- I use 4 rounded coffee scoops or 3 for my French press . -RRB- without any noticeable leakage of grind.Both the stainless steel grinding cup and plastic cup-shaped cover can be run under the hot water tap for a quick and easy clean-up . Is fresh ground coffee superior to store-bought ground ? Yes indeedy ! I think this is a wise investment for the novice -LRB- like me -RRB- who wants to improve on taste .
 My wife and I got a gift certificate to a nameless department store a while back and could n't find anything to buy . -LRB- What could they have that amazon does n't ? -RRB- We finally settled on one of these along with a couple of other gadgets . Funny thing , neither of us drink coffee . We use it to grind spices , flax , sesame seeds , etc. . Works great . I 'm only giving it 4 stars , because like most everyone else , it spills a little bit on my counter . Not a problem really because I 'm cooking and inevitably I 'll spill something else . 5 stars is for perfection though right ? I do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
 I 'm not a coffee drinker but was into grinding whole spices for mixes . Out of all grinders I looked at this seamed to be the best choice . Problem I read and seen on kitchen equipment review show said biggest problem with grinders comes from flavor mixing do to hard cleaning and all benefit from some shacking to move things around when grinding . This is small and light and has a stainless steel blade and bowl with a large plastic cover that illuminates the problems . Yes it does throw some powder over the rim into the cover but if you do n't open the cover while grinding its find . Like someone wrote invert the unit when finished and the cap will hold the over spill . I grind pepper and it does a great job and I grind very little at a time . Great thing you can jump from one spice to another with no flavor transfer , just wipe everything with a paper towel or rinse under the sink and dry and your ready to go .
 My main reason for purchasing this coffee grinder was not for coffee beans but for flax seeds . I had been using a mortar and pestle for my flax seeds every morning but grew tired of doing that . I researched for awhile and liked that the metal grinder chamber could be removed for cleaning . That was my main concern , since I was using it for flax seeds/spices and not coffee . I found this to be the only model that had it . The grind is not always consistent but it does n't really matter to me . It is so simple to use , easy to clean up and it does not make a huge mess like I had read . The only negative comment I have is , it is a bit loud , but that 's like all grinders and choppers . I have a number of KitchenAid products and I am always very pleased with them . I have been using this for 4 months now and my wrists are happy to have the mortar and pestle in storage . I purchased this grinder for $ 29.99 and that 's a great deal .
 This is a great little grinder . We 've been using an old braun grinder -LRB- about 11 years old -RRB- and while it still works , it 's NOISY , messy , and have a very small capacity . After looking at the new braun 's we were frustrated with the small capacity of the grinders . Well , patience is a viture , as I came across this grinder , and the capacity is wonderful . We have not had any problems with it making any more of a mess than our older grinder , in fact there 's much less mess . And I 'm a bit confused , as we like our coffee really strong , but even if we make a strong pot of 12 cups , there 's sufficient room in the grinder for the job , without a mess . I can only speculate that those with `` messes '' are truely going beyond the specified max line . I ca n't get over the ability to put the bowl into the dishwasher ... no more will I have to worry about nutmeg tasting coffee for a while if I decide to use my grinder to also take care of grinding spices . That 's a definite perk -LRB- and $ $ saver too -RRB- . So , I have to express my enthusiasm for this little grinder . All I can hope now is that in 11 years , this one is still kicking like my poor overused , but working braun .
 I have read all reviews on this item and was ready to return the grinder before I received it ; but I either got a new and improved model or luck was on my side ... It is WONDERFUL ! maybe others were over filling grinder ... mine works great .
 this is a fantastic coffee grinder . i 've had others in the past which were all unsatisfactory . this one has a strong motor , so you do n't feel like you 're going to burn it out when you grind your coffee beans + it also has a really strong , thick plastic top for conveying the ground coffee to the coffee filter . the design is sleek too . overall , this is a terrific product .
 I 've only had my KitchenAid coffee grinder for a few weeks so I ca n't speak to how well it will hold up , but as far as use is concerned I 'm well satisfied . It 's fast , easy to use , does a good job and -LRB- contrary to one review -RRB- makes very little mess.I do n't , however , follow the recommended grinding time ; I find it works for me if I wait until it looks ` about right ' and then hold for another 2 or 3 seconds -- maybe 10 to 12 seconds total .
 This is the perfect complement to a cobalt blue kitchen . It grinds better then my old grinder , and with less effort . The press down on lid feature means I can leave it on the counter and not pick it up and hold it . The outer material proved easier to clean than my old grinder , as well . No nooks and crannies to accumulate kitchen crud , and it wipes very clean .
 What I like most about is : - the safety feature
 I like nice note cards to send thank yous and condolences to close friends and store bought cards with pre-printed verses just do n't cut it . These cards suit both occasions .
 I 've been using this grinder daily for a year and a half . I 've used and discarded six grinders in the past ; this KitchenAid will never be supplanted . The dishwasher-safe bowl and lid alone make it a joy to keep clean -LRB- and the coffee tasting good -RRB- . Applying a firm pressure on the * top * of the lid keeps the grounds from escaping the bowl during grinding . Shaking the unit during grinding , or holding the lid down as if you 're holding a teacup during grinding , or grinding something besides coffee -LRB- that 's what it was engineered for -RRB- or just overfilling the bowl will guarantee some grounds will escape , so stop whining ! :-RRB- Messy is as messy does ! As far as a unit burning up on the second use , you only put the bowl and lid in the dishwasher , not the part with the cord . All you people know this is the best * coffee * grinder you 've ever used . I take it with me when I travel -LRB- along with my own beans -RRB- and everyone wants to keep my KitchenAid , especially after they try the coffee . For your friends who drink coffee this is an excellent gift ! My only recommendation is to locate a second bowl and lid to keep on hand , because you might need more coffee before the dishes have finished washing ...
 This little jewel works like a charm ! Pour in just enough beans for two cups , and I have super fresh coffee every morning . No muss , no fuss , and no mess at all .
 Read all the positive reviews , then order yourself one of these !!
 I love my new Kitchen Aid Coffee Grinder ! I guess the best part is that I can leave it on the counter and it does n't look dirty . You know how coffee grinders look after a few days . This one stays nice all the time . This grinder comes apart for easy cleaning . The grinders I have used in the past did n't come apart and had to be wiped out by hand . In the morning I make my coffee and rinse out the cap and the blade . No trouble at all . In the past I have had trouble with residue from old beans getting mixed with the new beans . Since most coffee grinders do not come apart for easy washing , they start looking grungy . I agree with one of the reviews that said she had trouble with ground beans getting on her counter when grinding . I 've only had that problem if I fill the grinder too full and try to grind too much at once . Otherwise , I have n't had any problems at all . Matter of fact , I plan to buy two more as Christmas gifts . I would definitely buy this coffee grinder again .
 I have owned mine for probably almost 2 years . Just read many of the reviews and I am puzzled ... I have had NO problems with messiness , and I grind all sorts of stuff in it ... coffee beans , flaxseed , spices . It is awesome . Anyone who really understands food science OR health science knows that rancid oils are bad - for flavor and for health . And oil is a major , key component of coffee , flax and spices . So KitchenAid really gets my thumbs up for designing a grinder that you can actually CLEAN ... all others that I know of trap `` ground matter '' which then proceeds to rancidify over time and wreck your beans or spices , plus , if you multitask your grinder , cleaning it out is a must -LRB- unless you want your coffee to taste like that cumin seed you just grounds for a savory dish , or your ground sesame seed to taste faintly of coffee , etc. ... -RRB- . Since you ca n't really get other grinders wet , you ca n't really get them clean , certainly not regularly . That sucks ! If you follow the directions -LRB- hello , that does mean READING them ... -RRB- and do not over fill the bowl , which conveniently has permanent markings on the inside :--RRB- , then , well at least I , have not had any problems with mess . Plus , when grinding larger quantities , what works really well is if you invert the whole thing so that the ground contents go into the clear plastic top , which acts as a bowl , and then transfer the contents accordingly to wherever you need them ... I know this works because I do it all the time when grinding quantities of flaxseed . I can only guess that the folks making messes might be , well ... nevermind . Also , the guy who claims this grinder could n't handle half a bowl of cardamon and started smoking ... I can only believe that a -RRB- his was defective , which is a really weird phenomena for a KitchenAid product , or b -RRB- he is full of `` it '' and was n't really using the product correctly . The motor is superstrong , the grind is excellent if you pay any attention to what you are doing -LRB- tho ' true , it is not great for tiny quatities of spices -RRB- , the clean up features are superb ... got to love it . Lastly , I do not have any particular `` brand loyalty '' ... we have a well outfitted kitchen and produce a lot of great meals in the tradition of Berkeley , CA 's `` gourmet ghetto '' ... I go strictly for what products , to my mind , work best , and in the electric grinder market , this versatile baby is it . btw , I do have a classic old Krups stuck way in the back of a cupboard ... and ca n't figure out why it has n't made it to the donation box yet cuz , heaven know it has n't been used since I ca n't remember when .
 I bought this grinder mainly for grinding flax seeds . I usually only do enough for about three to five days at a time . It does a very good job . It cleans up very nicely . The only place to watch for is at the top of the plastic canister/cover , there 's a rim under which stuff can get caught up in there and not get noticed . Other than that , I 've had zero issues with this grinder . I 'm very happy with it .
 I actually bought the appliance for grinding whole spices and flax seeds . The removable stainless steel bowl cleans easily and does n't retain odor -LRB- great for strong spices like corriander and cumin -RRB- . It also looks nice and does n't take up too much space . The only catch I 've found is the mess this thing makes . Grinds come out over the top of the bowl and fall down under and all over the lid . But all you have to do is put a small piece of plastic wrap or foil right over the top of the bowl before tuning on and everything stays in . While this is a pain to do every time it works better than my old one-piece grinder that I never could get completly clean .
 Recently bought the KitchenAid BCG100WH Blade Coffee Grinder to replace my Braun coffee grinder and I can say that I am really impressed . I have had the KitchenAid grinder for about 2 weeks now and it is the best low cost grinder that I have played with . First off the noise level when grinding is a lot less than that of Braun . It is still loud , but it is more like a car without its muffler versus a 767 talking off . Second , it is super easy to clean . Before the Braun would take forever to clean as grinds would get stuck is the seam between the metal and the plastic . With the KitchenAid , the entire basin is metal and dishwasher safe . The plastic cover does occasionally get grind it the lip , but they quickly wash out with a rinse of water . As for the grind quality , it does a good job , but you are not going to use this with your expresso machine.Pros : * Easy to clean !!! * Quieter than many other models * Dishwasher safe * PriceCons : * Wo n't do expresso grind ... * Ca n't really think of anything
 I got this for my Mom . She seems to be very happy with its output . It does a great job of converting herbs to powder , bread crumbs to uniform powder for battering fried chicken receipe . All in all I recommend it as a gift for anyone who works around the kitchen .
 A very good basic grinder . My absolute favorite feature of this product is that the stainless steel grinder cup detaches from the motor base and can be washed in the dishwasher -LRB- the plastic cover is dishwasher safe as well -RRB- . For me , this means I no longer need to have a separate grinder for spices and such -LRB- no coffee `` aftersmells '' once it goes through the dishwasher ! -RRB- . To me , this feature alone is worth the product price . Luckily , this grinder is a solid performer as well , making quick work of a full grinder cup of coffee beans . The construction is also very solid . I 'd be willing to wager that I wo n't need another grinder for quite awhile ! However , there are a few caveats
 More horsepower , larger capacity and removable bowl make this a superior coffee grinder.The time savings alone is worth spending a few extra bucks for this coffee grinder .
 Even thought KA does not recommend using this machine as a Spice Grinder many users have written just the opposite . I just received mine and immediatly tried grinding the pine needle like Rosemary . A food processor would not touch it . This KA ground it up perfectly in just a few pulses !! And the stainless steel bowl rinses any spice right out . I am impressed . The larger size bowl of the KA also allows for a good size amount of spices to be done at one time.I like this KA grinder so much I am getting several more for gifts . One note - I wanted a blue one which Amazon lists but you have to wait a month for shipping . So I got a white one and it arrived in about 3 days . I think I will still order the blue one and give this one as a gift when it arrives .
 This is KitchenAid coffee grinder is great . It does an excellent job and is easy to clean . I received it as a gift as my bridal shower and have not been disappointed . It replaced my Starbucks grinder , which had a much smaller capacity . This grinder also works well with spices . Excellent quality and value ! Highly recommended !
 Even though there is no adjuster for the type of grind you want , it 's still very efficient and does its job well . I like how I just push the top down for it start grinding and let go for it to stop . It did n't take long to figure out how long to hold it down for my desired ground . After I 'm done grinding my coffee beans , cleaning it is easy I just twist the metal part off the base and rinse with warm or hot soapy water . I like how the base it is bit heavier so it stays grounded better . I would n't go lower than 200 watts for a grinder unless you have a little more time to spare . It grinds my beans fast and fresh .
 Nice solid construction . Grinds coffee well though my previous Braun ground the beans more consistently . Only issue I have is that the finer grounds tend to stick to the bottom of the grinder . I generally have to dislodge them with my finger .
 I bought this last year . I grind a lot of spices , sugar , nuts etc. . This grinder has made my job so much easier and fun . It grinds lots of spices at a time and grinds them perfectly . I trust Kitchenaid even more now .
 I have only had this a few weeks , so far so good . I think it was the best buy for the best price considering all the options out there & it is attractively designed . I was willing to buy something slightly more expensive but the reviews were n't as good for other grinders . My only mild complaint is that a little of the grinds fly up into the lid and then fall on the counter when you open it . I also think it would be a good idea to attach a simplified set of instructions to the machine , perhaps a tag on the cord or an easy remove sticker on the base . I read the instructions but my boyfriend tried to use it when I was gone & did n't know there were quite so many subtleties to grinding coffee . Ha !
 This grinder was just what I needed for a home grinder . The price really is pretty reasonable , although it was a hair more than I was looking to spend . It was fine because I know Kitchen Aid is a name you can trust , would last much longer and would be more durable than most other brands out there . It 's very easy to use , easy to clean , quick to grind and compact . I also love the fact that the inside of the metal cup grinder has the ounce measurement .
 I 've used several different grinders over the years and we are very happy with the performance of this Kitchenaid Grinder . Easy to use and provides consistant grind . Some people have complained that it is messy to use . AS long as you keep the cover in place untill grinder has stopped there is no problem . So easy to clean in the dish water when finished .
 I have bought coffee grinders before but they are usually one piece and have to be cleaned by hand . With this you just remove the top piece and cover an put them in the dishwasher . Excellent .
 I actually bought the appliance for grinding whole spices and flax seeds . The removable stainless steel bowl cleans easily and does n't retain odor -LRB- great for strong spices like corriander and cumin -RRB- . It also looks nice and does n't take up too much space . The only catch I 've found is the mess this thing makes . Grinds come out over the top of the bowl and fall down under and all over the lid . But all you have to do is put a small piece of plastic wrap or foil right over the top of the bowl before tuning on and everything stays in . While this is a pain to do every time it works better than my old one-piece grinder that I never could get completly clean .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but I am compelled to because I love this product ! I use it to grind up dried beans and grains to make into cereal for my baby . I thought I could probably not use it for grinding coffee , because how could all the coffee grounds possibly be cleaned out ? Well , this is so easy to clean , I just rinse it out or put it in the dishwasher . I use it for coffee too , and could use it for strong spices like another reviewer said . A few grains come out the top when grinding - it 's not a huge mess , but putting saran over the top works great and keeps the clear plastic dome clean . Works great , grinds anything fast , and so easy to clean .
 i bought this for 2 purposes
 We 've been using this daily to grind 4 tablespoons of whole coffee beans for our press . It chews them up in no time and makes a perfect grind every time . 3 quick hits and we have the perfect grind for our press.As with all KitchenAid appliances , you can feel the difference . Very sturdy and heavy . This baby will last a long , long time if not forever .
 I bought this for my husband who was tired of using a mortar and pestal to grind fresh spices and herbs . The Kitchenaid gives a uniform fine grind .
 There is nothing like a cup of freshly ground coffee!I received this grinder as a gift for Christmas from my parents ... and on more than one occassion , have called them to thank them for `` the best present ever '' . I 'm a graduate student with my stainless steel thermos surgically attached to me - good coffee is KEY . But even when I 'm in a hurry , this grinder get the job done w/o any fuss . It is easy to clean - just wipe/rinse it out or throw it in the dishwasher . Fabulous!I give it four stars because it 's a little messy -LRB- I remove the plastic lid over the sink to avoid spilling any rogue grinds on my counter and floor -RRB- and the grind is a bit uneven -LRB- but I do n't find this to be a big deal -RRB- . All in all , I 'm extremely happy with it and recommend this purchase.Enjoy !
 I also have the big KitchenAid burr grinder , but reach for this one every time . Love being able to remove the hopper to wash , which means that flavored coffee is n't a problem . I can even grind spices in this baby without having to worry about ` celery seed coffee ' the next day . It 's held up well for two years now , so I bought another for my sister .
 This is a excellent coffee grinder . . the only thing I would want different is one that adjusts to fine , med , . course grounds . . You can mostly figure how long to run it to adjust the texture of the ground you want . . Also very nice modern looking design . .
 We bought a Cuisinart `` burr '' grinder last summer , which crapped out after only 6 months . I looked around at all the other options , and truly , for the way we make coffee , the Kitchenaid blade grinder made the most sense . My husband and I each have different preferences when it comes to coffee . He does n't want my flavored beans `` polluting '' his french roast -LRB- and vice versa ! -RRB- , so the old burr grinder , which had to be disassembled and brushed and wiped out between batches , was not practical . This kitchenaid is big and sturdy and easily and quickly grinds the coffee we like . Best of all , it is easy to remove the hopper and brush out the remaining grounds before making a second batch of different coffee . Also , you can put the hopper and the lid in the dishwasher ! Woohoo ! I love a small appliance that is easy to clean . The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is that it is extremely noisy , even when there are no beans in it . I called Kitchenaid and was told that this is normal . It works great , though , so that 's what counts .
 I ordered this product for my boyfriend for Christmas and it has been a wonderful addition to our kitchen so far . The design makes it very easy to grind the coffee and pour it into the coffeemaker without making a mess . We love it .
 It seems to be the general consensus that this grinder leaks dust . I had the same problem until I stopped pulse grinding . Keeping the Lexan cup pressed firmly down prevents leaks . Some hard to grind items require shaking the entire grinder while grinding . This bartender drink mixing maneuver seems to work well . Overall this is a very good grinder . It 's not as consistant as my burr grinder for coffee , but much more convenient . Try a few cardimum pods with your coffee beans next time . This is my third grinder and I believe the best .
 This is my first coffee grinder ; it works very quickly and cleans up easily . I like that it 's dishwasher-safe ! To agree with a previous reviewer - I also grind beans for less than the recommended time .
 This is a great coffee grinder . Easy to use . Easy to clean . Beans grind up nicely . Would recommend .
 Heavy duty would be an understatement . Actually built like Kitchen Aid used to be . Very impressive multi-use grinder . A bit noisy , but who cares ...
 Based on coffee grinders I have used in the past the kitchenAid BCG1000B blade has been user friendly , and the quality of the equipment is second to none . However , when grinding coffee the unit has be cleaned every other day to keep grouned coffee from escaping between the top , and the base unit .
 This coffee grinder replaced another manufacturer 's unit that could n't withstand a 3 foot drop to the floor - I have n't tested the new unit in this way yet , although I suspect the new unit would not fare any better if dropped . After one month of use , I think the new KitchenAid unit is doing a great job . One feature I really like is the stainless steel grinder cup that detaches and can be washed in the dishwasher . Also , the clear plastic cover must be in place to activate the grinder , so it is very safe from accidental activation by careless adults and curious children 's little fingers . Like most other grinders , it is a little noisy in use . The product is of the high quality you would expect from Kitchenaid .
 Gets the job done . Stylish . Inexpensive . KitchenAid.That pretty much sums it up .
 What features are most important in a coffee grinder ? I have no idea . For me , I wanted something a bit more . I want to be able to grind spices as well , without the extra expense of multiple grinders . I could care less about all the fancy buttons and settings that give you the `` perfect '' grind . I wanted something universally functional and classic , ... simple . This is the grinder I ended up purchasing . It is simple to use and has a stainless steel grinding vessel that detaches from the base for easy as pie cleaning . That means I can grind whatever I want without picking up the oils and dust that remains in the grinder when I choose to use it for a different sort of coffee or spice . I am extremely please with my purchase .
 I bought this grinder to replace a Cuisinart DCG-12BC grinder that never worked properly . This grinder worked great right out of the box . It even manages to grind small batches well -LRB- a task the Cuisinart could NOT handle -RRB- . It 's really convenient to be able to put the lid & grinder bowl in the dishwasher.Update 12/09
 After wearing out several low cost units by makers , such as Black and Decker , etc. . I opted to pay a bit more and purchase a heavy duty type . The KitchenAid unit is well suited for daily use . I really appreciate the fact that the grinder bowl separates from the power base , similar to a blender , so that you can dump the grounds without having to unplug the unit.The thick plastic cover/dome reduces the sound from the grinding somewhat which my pets appreciate.The power of the KitchenAid unit is great and I do n't anticipate wearing out the motor , as I did in the B&D ; unit.Overall , this unit is well worth the additional cost , plus if you have other KitchenAid devices , matching form factors is a nicety .
 bought this grinder as a gift for my husband and he loves it . it not only looks great but it works wonderfully too . its a wonderful size and the beans come out great .
 Thanks to the removable , dishwasher-safe bowl , this one is good as a coffee grinder and great a spice grinder . I bought a second one as a dedicated spice grinder after losing 3 flimsier designs over the years due to detached blades . This model 's blade is attached directly to the metal arbor , not with a plastic cap . It is also the noisiest blade grinder I have ever used .
 Like all KitchenAid appliances , this is -LRB- for home use anyway -RRB- , a very heavy-duty product that will provide years of trouble-free use.After breaking my old , inexpensive bean grinder , I went to a kitchen store and bought a burr-type grinder . I was VERY disappointed , and returned it the next day . Perhaps it 's just me , but I guess I do n't like the way burr-type grinders work ... they 're almost impossible to get really clean , as the grinding mechanism is all but inaccessible.This thing breaks down very easily into dishwasher-safe parts -LRB- other than the electric base , of course ... but that part never gets grounds on it anyway . -RRB- You can tell from the first time you use it , that it is designed to last . And though I do n't really see a reason for doing so , you could probably grind a coke bottle in it!Buy this . You wo n't be disappointed . *** UPDATE - NOVEMBER 27 , 2007 *** I did n't realize how long I 've had this , so I just checked my `` order history '' with Amazon . I bought this grinder on January 3 , 2003 ... so it 's coming up on FIVE years , and it is STILL going strong!I stand by my five star review ! :--RRB- - Jonathan Sabin
 Sleek and stylish looking on the counter next to stainless steel or black appliances . Extremely easy to clean . Just 2 large parts to rinse after use , they disassemble quickly . Contrary to some reveiws , it does NOT make a mess , so long as you do not fill it to the brim . Strong motor for its size and grinds the beans quickly and evenly . Nice size , 9 `` H x 4 `` W. Almost the size of a half gallon milk container .
 What I like most about is : - the safety feature
 If you prefer the economy of a blade grinder give this one consideration.The motor is powerful , but most importantly clean-up is very easy.The entire grinding mechanism and lid come-out for easy clean-up in the dishwasher or sink.Easy to use measure marks are on the interior of the stainless steel grinding cup .
 Like so many other reviewers have already noted , this is a fine coffee grinder , the only flaw being that it 's messy.When you press the clear plastic lid down , it does n't seal properly , and as a result , you 'll have grinds which fly out of the basket.It 's also great to use for almost any other grinding chores . I 've used it to grind whole cinnamon , but that created a much bigger mess . Basically , the finer the grind , the messier it gets . You could probably fool around with rubber piping around the basket rim , to create a seal.I 've run the motor for a full 15-20 seconds on whole beans , no pulsing , and it feels like the motor can take a lot more than that , so I suspect it 'll last clear to forever . Built like a tank.The basket and blades are stainless steel , so it wo n't retain oils . This prevent taste contamination across grinds . The basket and the lid are dishwasher safe.Great deal .
 I have owned a number of grinders in the past and this one is by far the best . I grind everything from coffee beans to flax seed and it does a wonderful job on each . If I am doing herbs and I want to grind more than I can use at one time I put a sandwich baggie over the stainless steel container , grind and then just turn it around and dump right into the baggie . This method keeps everything nice and clean and I just use what I want and just put the rest it in the freezer or refrigerator for the next time.I wo n't reiterate some of the positives of others but just add to a couple of likes and a dislike.The blade can be replaced if needed.Strong motor - 200 watts of power.The only minor thing that I dislike is that it could come with a little longer power cord .
 Bought this KitchenAid grinder to grind spices and cheese . Already have a reliable coffee mill , which grinds beans to a uniform size for coffee making , but I use a grinder for most kitchen spice , nut & hard cheese uses -LRB- curries , parmesan , ground almonds , etc. -RRB- . In recent years I have broken the blades on two , good-brand but low-resilience coffee grinders , basically by grinding cheese that was too hard for the machine , so I decided to go for a stronger machine this time around . In general am very happy with the BCG100OB . The removable , easily cleaned bowl , was a factor in my choosing this model . It works well . I understood from other reviews that it does not do a particularly good job on grinding small quantities of spice , which is indeed the case , but I normally use a marble mortar for small quantities , so this was anticipated and is no problem . I also gathered that there is a tendency for materials being ground to overshoot the container and spread around . I have not had this problem - maybe it happens with coffee , or with large quantities of whatever is being ground , but with medium levels of spices , it has not been a problem . In summation , I was warned of potential problems , I anticipated them , and the strengths of the instrument far more than compensate for them.General observation for those using this or other grinders to grind nuts . Every type of nut I have processed in a grinder -LRB- food processors are little use , since they will not grind finely enough -RRB- will get `` buttery '' and oily , and will clog as they reach the state of fine-ness that one needs for baking . This is easily countered by adding a pre-measured quantity of another item -LRB- flour or sugar - flour works better -RRB- to be included in the recipe , to the nuts in the bowl before grinding . The flour or sugar will absorb much of the nut oil that is released by grinding , leaving the nuts relatively powdery and easily added to the baking mixture .
 After about 18 months of being used 2-3 times a day , this grinder is still going strong and has already lasted longer than any other grinder previously owned . It is powerful and grinds fast , the fill marks inside the steel bowl are really handy , and being able to toss the bowl and cover in the dishwasher is a plus . The design of the push down cover causes some ground coffee to spill on the counter everytime it is removed . If not for that , I would have rated it 5 stars .
 I love fresh ground coffee and I HATE dirty appliances . This little beauty grinds coffee well , and most of all , cleans up perfectly . No more stale coffee oils on your grinder . It cleans up so well , that I use this to grind up my herbs too . I purchased it well over a year ago and I grind my coffee fresh every other day . Still no problems . If you hate the old stale coffee flavor that creeps into plastic no matter what you do , I recommend this grinder -LRB- or any grinder like it -RRB- and a chemex coffee pot .
 This unit does a great job on coffee and appears to be rugged . I do agree with the other reveiws that it is noisy but I have no regrets about my purchase .
 I have the Cobalt Blue i bought 3 years ago and use for spices . It does a great job on pepper and other whole spices like allspice . Yes it does overflow the rim but like someone said just invert before opening and everything will fall into the over sized plastic cap . Since it 's stainless you can grind spices , rinse , wipe and do coffee with no flavor mixing . Since it 's Kitchenaid you have no worries they stand behind everything they sell .
 I 've been using my KitchenAid Empire Red coffee grinder now for about 1 month and I really like how well it works . I like the fact that you can take all the parts that get messy and put them in the dishwasher for cleaning . It 's easy to get the coffee beans ground to the proper consistency . It does tend to throw a tiny bit of grounds onto the counter while grinding and it does make a little noise , but hey what you get in return for these minor quibbles is well worth it . It also looks great sitting on the counter !!!
 This is not a complicated piece of machinery . Does what you would expect without mess . Easy to clean . I have had no problems with it at all .
 The brushed stainless and black model looks great on the countertop without being showy . It seems to grind effortlessly the hard spices and dried chilies for which we bought it , and it operates much quieter than the Braun grinder we use for coffee beans -LRB- which also works well for that task and has lasted us for eons now -RRB- . Also very pleased to later note that it is the grinder recommended and used by our favorite internet spice purveyor - World Spice Merchants in Seattle .
 I do n't drink coffee and have no need to grind coffee beans ; however , I do use nuts and spices . I 've found this product to work nicely for my needs to chop up nuts and grind spices.I especially like the easy clean up and that the cup can be removed and cleaned with hot soapy water or the dishwasher .
 This grinder is great all around . It looks very stylish on the countertop . Easy to clean . Very sturdy quality , and it grinds very good and quick . I originally bought it to grind up seeds and spices , and it does a fine job . I want to try it with coffee beans next .
 I used to not like coffee , but decided to buy a coffee maker and try some flavored coffees . I found one I liked and started drinking it . Then I hear that fresh ground coffee is more flavorful , so I think , I 'll try that too . I bought this grinder based on reviews here , and it was a wonderful decision ! I bought the same flavor in whole beans that I had been buying already ground in the small packs . I have found that the flavor is so much better when I grind my own either that morning or the night before , and I found that I like a much finer grind than already ground coffee . The container with the blades and the lid are easy to clean , and the grinder could n't be easier to use . Put your beans in , put the lid on , and press down til you get the grind you want . Then put the coffee into your maker . It is kind of loud , but since it runs for a max of 25 seconds , I can live with it . I try to grind at night and set my coffee up the night before anyway , so it 's not a big deal to me .
 This little baby is what you are looking for , perfect grinds excellent construction . I have owned one for 3 years . I have bought many others from Mr. Coffee , Braun this one 's king all the others are subjects .
 Sturdy , looks nice , the lid is kind of a pain to clean since it fits over the grinder and is used to hold the ground coffee after it is ground . There is no setting to change how fine or coarse the grinds are so you have to `` eye '' it for espresso or french press .
 No negatives . This is a large capacity , powerful grinder that does the job without the `` burnt paste '' that some grinders create when you need to grind a whole tub-full of beans.Highly recommended ! Pay more for it , and forget about it !
 If you are one of those people that believes reviews are n't important . Move on . If you do , read on ; What I needed was a spice and herb grinder.From past experience in shopping at Amazon.com I knew if I read the reviews I would know from what they had to say that I would be able to find just what I wanted and needed.As usual I was right.This coffee grinder is not the least expensive . Nor is it the most expensive one available here.It is , however , the perfect one for what I needed!I have had it 3 days now and I ca n't believe how useful it has become already.It does n't take up hardly any foot print space in my tiny kitchen.The plastic bag that covered it folds up enough where I can put the instruction book -LRB- not that you need it once you read it mind you , this thing is so simple to use and clean ! -RRB- and a long handled pastry brush to ` sweep ' the ground spices and herbs out.I can usually clean it by wiping it out with a paper towel.I then put the bag back over it , wrap the cord around it and I am done!Thank you to all the reviewers on Amazon.com and to Amazon.com for allowing us to speak to each other one on one about your products , good and bad!This be a GOOD one !
 The grinder is very good with sharp blade . I am not only grinding coffee beans but also some spices -LRB- cinnamon/cloves -RRB- and it works great.So long I was using Krups grinder for a year and the blades got bad.I hope this one will last for more than a year.What I like the most is the lid which is long and the mechanism of pressing the lid to make the grinder work . That ensures uniform pressing from the top . In my krups grinder the lid cracked with constant use but here the long cover hardly allows the spices or beans to reach and strike the top inner surface of the lid . Hence no cracking .
 This grinder was recommended by Real Simple magazine and I have n't had any problems . Works great !
 This coffee grinder is powerful and easy to use . It holds plenty of coffee beans -LRB- enough for at least 16 scoops of coffee -RRB- . It can also be used to grind spices .
 Been grindin ' my own for 20 + years now , this is the best grinder I have ever used . Horse power to burn and a perfect grind almost every time . 10 seconds is the number for a almost full grinder . I suggest grinding on a kitchen towel , it dampens the noise , but that is the only flaw if that could even be considered a flaw . The removable parts are great for ease of use and cleaning . Buy it , you wo n't be sorry , it is a bargain at twice the price
 We received this as a wedding gift , we use it everyday now for 5 months . It has a sturdy plastic top which does not feel cheap or flimsy like some others ... I like the way the top fits and unlike the other reviewers - we see no mess and no un-ground beans ... you have to use some sense , as with all appliances , and realize what its limitations are ... so do not try to grind the whole bag of beans at once : -RCB- I will buy it again if it dies and buy it as a gift for friends .
 This is a lovely piece of kit , perfect for those moments when only the freshest ground coffee will do ! It is very easy to operate and is small enough to live on the counter so you do n't forget to use it ! Different grinding times can be used to get different coarser or finer textures for different coffee beans . Highly recommended !!
 This is the best coffee grinder , hands down , that I have ever used ! I Love it ! Ordered two more as gifts . I have been using it for about 6 months now , and each morning I look forward to my fresh ground coffee . I no longer buy ground coffee ... this grinder is so easy to use , as it removes from the grinding bottom so I can bring the top part over to my coffee pot for use . There is virtually no clean up , and the ginding action has been consistant the whole time I have had it . I use it at least once a day , Everyday , for about 6 months now . Do n't Hesitate ... You 'll LOVE IT !!!
 I 've had my Kitchenaid Blade Coffee Grinder for a couple of months . I 'm not a fanatical coffee drinker , but I had coffee beans that were given to me as a gift , & when my cuisinart grinder crapped out , I was looking for a replacement . It 's important to follow the directions to get the best grind . The grind also depends on the beans you 're using -LRB- trial & error -RRB- . I put my ground coffee in the fridge because I do n't drink it very fast . In the fridge the grounds clump a little making it look like the grind was uneven when it was fine before.When removing the grinds from the cannister , I find it easier to just flip the entire unit so that the grinds go into the clear plastic top component . From there I just pour everything into whatever I plan to use as a storage container for the fridge . -LRB- Unplug before you flip it !!! -RRB- The top components are dishwasher safe , but I always rinse thoroughly before putting them in the dishwasher to make sure none of the grounds get stuck under the blade . Anything that 's caught under there loosens up easily with a wet paper towel . Dishwashing is important to make sure the oils are thoroughly removed because no one wants rancid coffee . Do n't fill above the fill line & I 'm sure it will work well for you.Again , this is not a product I use every day , so I ca n't speak for more frequent users , but for my purposes , I 'm very happy with the product .
 This grinder replaced the Cuisinart that broke after its second use . By comparison , almost anything that did n't sound like a cement truck and spew coffee would be an improvement . But this is an excellent grinder , just as the reviews here state.I think it is quiet and does a fine job of grinding coffee . It 's a sturdy , well-made product .
 We love this grinder . We particularly appreciate the large grinding basin and the large cup into which one can easily transfer the grounds - much less mess than the standard grinder with the tiny cup . The only downside to this grinder is that it 's loud - but I do n't think it 's any louder than your standard grinder . It 's just not quiet ...
 This coffee grinder works great ! I love how the stainless steel tub is removable to pour the grindings into the coffee maker . It is also dishwasher safe .
 We LOVE our KitchenAid coffee grinder . It is the first one we have ever had -LRB- and we have had several -RRB- that does not leave a mess all over the counter when we use it . The grinder part is deep . We grind the coffee and pour the grounds directly from the metal part of the grinder , not from the plastic lid , which I think makes this one so much nicer to use than most . We like ours so much that we are ordering a second one to keep in the RV so we do n't have to transport the one from home back and forth when we travel .
 This grinder has a large grinding cup and works fast . It 's much quieter than my old one , which is from the mid 80s . I did have some spillage of coffee grinds -LRB- less than an 1/8 tsp worth -RRB- because I filled my beans to the max fill line , but nothing I could n't quickly wipe up . So glad to have parts that I can stick in the dishwasher .
 Did n't buy this for coffee , but it 's a real help in the kitchen with herbs and spices .
 Have had this now for a couple of months . Grounds the beans just right . No operational problems . Great value for the money .
 As always for anything KitchenAid , excellent product !! Because it is easy to clean , I use it for grinding spices as well !
 I bought this because I grind my own oat and flax . This does n't grind as fine as I would like . It says not to go past 25 sec in grinding at one time . It also says not to start and stop . So what I do is grind it for 25 sec let it rest and go again three times . This does make the grain much finer . Another reason I love this one is the plastic does n't get chipped in the grinding of grain . My old black and decker did and when that happens you are getting plastic into your food.Other coffee grinders the cover is on the inside of the grinder . Because of that after grinding so many times the plastic starts to chip off into your food . The cover on this on is on the outside so the grain or coffee beans does not hit against the plastic . The cylinder that holds the beans or gain is tall . So if you do n't fill it to high the grains or beans will never hit the plastic higher up on the cover.The grain mill I have that grinds up my wheat for bread will not grind up oats and flax because of the oils in them . They say it can but that is not true . It clogged my machine . So if you are looking for a more safe way to grind up coffee or grains with out the risk of plastic in your food this is great . I would of given it a 5 star if it would grind finer . But that is impossible with any coffee grinder to do that for grains .
 After going through many unsatisfactory coffee grinders , I decided to do what I should have done in the first place . I went to KitchenAid . All their products are work horse quallity , heavy duty and work to perfection !!!!! This grinder grinds coffee like a pro should and with the ease to satisfy any coffee or espresso buff . Good coffee is not only in the brand you use , but in the grind you use , this little machine has it all . Thanks KitchenAid you did it again . I have my grandmothers 1940 's KitchenAid mixer and it runs perfect.I know this grinder will give me the same satidsfaction . Susanne Parker , Snohomish Wa . P.S. Thanks Amazon ,
 This is an excellent grinder ! Before buying , I did some research to compare few grinder types and I finally chose this mostly because I 'm attracted to the bowl/cup feature . It 's so great just to pull the bowl/cup out and wash it completely . I had to worry about the cable with my old grinder and somehow there was always some smell the last thing that I grind . So , I used my old one exclusively only for spices . It broke when I used it for a cinnamon stick and that 's when I bought this kitchen aid grinder.Some review mention how messy this machine is . I just follow some suggestions from other reviews :1 . Use a piece of paper under the grinder while grinding.After finish grinding , just shake the excess or the mess back into a bowl or coffee pot . Or throw the paper straight to the trash ; no mess on the kitchen counter .2 . Use a brush . I just use my basting brush rather than buy a new one only for the grinder . I use the brush to pour the excess from the grinder out , rather than shake and make a mess.I found out that grinding according the directions -LRB- bottom level for 15 seconds ; medium for 17 seconds , and top for 20 seconds -RRB- produce the perfect coarseness for the coffee . Well , give or take 1-2 beans still intact , which does not matter , my coffee still comes out perfect!I was wondering if I would need a second grinder specially for my spices . I grind my own black and white peppers , and sometimes cumin seeds . But after washing the grinder well with warm water and soap , there is no trace or smell of coffee . So , I am able to use it for my spices!The only thing I have n't tested is if it would handle a cinnamon stick.So , this is definitely a real good buy and I highly recommend it !
 Works very well for grinding coffee . A small quanity of coffee always stays in the area under the blades . This is easily loosened with the handle end of a teaspoon and then falls freely from the hopper . I use about one half cup beans for 12 cups of coffee . The switch is turned on automatically when you depress the plastic hopper cover . I use 15 seconds of grind time .
 I have owned four previous grinders , including Braun , Krups , and two no-namers . All were frustrating to use , dirty looking in short order , and failed by breakage in less than a year each.I love the Kitchen Aid BCG-1000 . I bought it in black for cleanup ease , but it has features that would allow any color to stay much cleaner by design than other brands.The grinder bowl is stainless steel as well the cutter blades . You twist the bowl and lift it off the motor to clean it . This simple rugged design allows you the ease of clean up by rinse and wash in the sink.The grinding action is very very fast and very fine -LRB- I used semi-oily beans -RRB- ; full bowl in under 20 seconds , grinds very close to `` fine french roast '' as per `` supermarket '' pre-ground coffee ... If you are looking for a heavy-duty , small , easy to keep clean , good looking grinder , this is the one to buy.I have seen several complaints of `` electro-static charges '' and other wild claims of grinds being flung everywhere . By past experience , I have always placed my grinders in the center of a glass dinner plate when using . Any stragglers get rinsed into the sink . Simple , no ?
 My main reason for buying this grinder was because the grinding cup and blades are removable and can be washed in the dishwasher . My main use for this grinder is for grinding flaxseeds . After a few months , I am very happy with the grinder . It does a good job of grinding flaxseeds and , I do not get the mess that many reviewers complained about ; just some grinds that get caught in the main part of the grinder . They are easily cleaned with a small brush . For grinding flaxseeds I give the grinder five stars.I have however ground coffee beans a few times and they do not grind evenly . For a coffee connoisseur I only give it three stars.So ... overall four stars .
 If you want a true , even grind , a commercial quality burr grinder is your answer
 After reading the various reviews , I thought twice about buying this item , but I 'm glad I did . The grinder does a great job , is much quieter than any I 've had before , and does not create any mess or waste . The dishwasher safe feature is great . The complaints I read in other reviews appear to have been from people who did not read the instructions or used the grinder for a use other than grinding coffee .
 I looked long and hard for a decent coffee grinder , and am extremely satisfied with this . Easy to clean , easy to use , and very sturdy .
 Notice some of the dates on the reviews . Hopefully you 'll find this current review helpful.I just ordered this product and find it works like a charm , is EASY to clean up , and DOES NOT make a mess as some of the other reviewers suggested . I 'm not sure if kitchenAid has improved the product since the previous reviews were posted , but I 'm very happy with it . It is sturdy with a powerful motor ; you can definately `` feel '' and `` see '' this product will last a long time . I recommend this grinder -- it works great and is priced very well for the quality .
 This coffee grinder is really the best . Enough capacity to do an entire pot in one load , with some to spare for another pot . Easy to clean up and no mess when you have ground the coffee ... no grinds all over the counter . You wo n't go wrong with it .
 I recently bought this grinder to replace the Krups Fast Touch grinder that I took up to the office . I 'm partial to KitchenAid products and all the major appliances in my kitchen are that brand . While this coffee grinder is solid , well-made and comes apart for easy cleaning , it does not grind beans as evenly and consistently as the Krups . It also is a little messy , even when you follow the directions and do n't pulse . Even the Krups can let a few grounds get on the counter , but it does a better job overall and is about ten dollars cheaper .
 With a stainless steel bowl and a heavy duty plastic cover this stands up well to abuse and drops to the floor . The stainless steel bowl keeps the grounds from sticking from static and it all is easily removed from the motor to put in the dishwasher . For a blade grinder this is tops but if you want specific grinds then it is difficult to be exact . Great buy for the money .
 I have purchaced several grinders and they all have died quickly or done a poor job . We grind coffee five times daily and after several weeks , it appears that this one will hold up . Also , the grind is smooth and consistent , unlike burr grinders . Great grinder !!
 It seems like I go through a grinder every 1-2 years and have always disliked how the ground coffee seems to spill allover the counter when emptying into the coffee pot . This Kitchen Aid grinder has a very deep cup which is removable from the base which makes emptying it a snap . It does not have a variable option for different size pots ; you just depress the lid until you reach the desired consistency . The motor is very powerful and I highly recommend this product .
 This grinder is exactly what I wanted . It it very powerful and `` KitchenAid '' well made . I grind coffee beans every day and my biggest concern was getting a very powerful grinder that has easy clean up and this is it.Plus with Amazon Prime Shipping , I was able to buy a more expensive grinder and pay less after shipping costs were calculated into to the price .
 So far I am very pleased with this grinder . It looks great and is easy to use . Only drawback that could arise is turning the bottom back on to lock in place . Will be interested to see how it wears .
 It arrived promptly and in excellent shape . Not a scratch on it . I bought it as a gift for my father who love to blend not only coffee but even fruit and all kinds of food in it . His previous grinder was very old , so i decided to give him a new one . He loved it and it 's working wonders ...
 I have used many coffee grinders over the years . My biggest complaints have been durability of the switch and the way one had to clean them . This grinder is easy to clean , has double the capacity as comparable priced grinders , and looks really cool . I highly recommend it to anyone looking for an inexpensive , highly functional grinder .
 This is a grinder that looks great , it grinds beans evenly and it even can handle a larger amount of beans than other comparable grinders . Why 4 stars and not 5 ? It 's pricier than the rest , it doesnt have an automatic setting -LRB- u have to count seconds to get the level of grinding you need -RRB- , it also takes some trial and error to figure out the amount of beans you need to grind for the number of cups you 're making . Once you figure that out , and its class .
 This coffee grinder is a replacement for a similar model that lasted for many years of daily use . It is easy to use and comes apart so that the grinder blades and the cover may be cleaned in the dishwasher . Grinding is done by pushing down on the lid ; it could n't be simpler .
 This little puppy works great . I would buy it again . Only two things bug me . One
 very good in quality and price is less too ... you will get powder like coffee after it fully grinded ...
 KitchenAid has done it again . This is the best coffee grinder we 've ever used . It is powerful , very efficient .
 The only reason I bought this coffee grinder was that the people I buy my coffee from -LRB- used to buy my coffee from ! -RRB- sent me 3 pounds of beans instead of the 3 pounds of ground coffee that I had ordered . I 've had good luck with my other KitchenAid appliances and I was n't interested in spending a lot of money on a grinder that only had to do 3 pounds of coffee so this was a logical choice for me . Now that I 've used it 2 or 3 times I 've decided to stop ordering ground coffee and start ordering beans . The grinder does an excellent job of grinding , my coffee is a bit more flavorful using freshly ground beans and cleanup is very easy . -LRB- The clear plastic top and the stainless steel bowl where the grinding takes place are easily removed and cleaned . -RRB- The only reason I 'm not giving this 5 stars is that grinding is initiated by pressing down on the clear plastic top rather than by an on/off switch . For safety sake , this really does mean that you need to unplug it when you 're done grinding and you want to remove the top and the steel bowl for cleaning . If it had an on/off switch I could leave the grinder plugged in all the time .
 I bought these as gifts for my fiance and mom well over a year ago , and they are both still going strong . A bit noisy , but actually much quiter than some of the other brands we had owned previously . If it should ever break down , I would definately purchase another just like it .
 I was VERY impressed by this product . In a matter ofseconds , I ground my flax seed to just the coarsenessof my choice . I 'd highly recommend this grinder .
 very good disign / workin ' fast to dust-powder consistent or whatever you want / you coffeelover ? you need it /
 Very pleased thus far . Ability to wash grinding parts was the deciding factor in choosing this over other makes . The only reason I am only giving four -LRB- 4 -RRB- stars is that I have had it less than one month and can not comment on its durability .
 My wife and I grind our own beans . We have used this thing everyday and it has held up really well . It is much sturdier than some of the cheaper grinders and we have not had a single problem with it .
 I do n't know much about coffee but it works quick and well , clean up is a sinch and my coffee always turns out perfect . I recommend it !
 Really good coffee grinder . It always gets the job done perfectly , no `` leftovers '' . Easy to clean , too . Definitely a keep ...
 Of course , a burr grinder is better - if you can really justify spending that much money for a good cup o'Joe , if you have a lot of kitchen space , and if you can tolerate the noise a burr grinder makes first thing in the morning . Color me `` none of the above . '' I looked and looked and looked at blade grinders and finally , thankfully , settled on the KitchenAid . It 's as solid as any KitchenAid appliance should be , it 's got a stainless grinding chamber with convenient etched markings on the side for the amount of beans to be ground , and it 's got a clear plastic lid that you put over the grinding chamber and simply push down to grind . If you need to measure out how much coffee you 'll need to brew a certain number of cups , just dump the grounds into the lid and measure away . The grinding chamber/blade assembly and the clear lid are dishwasherable on the top rack , so I get a clean grind every morning without any hassle whatsoever . All I have to do to make my `` six cups '' -LRB- which is actually a little less than two huge Starbucks `` city '' cups -RRB- is put beans into the chamber up to the first etched marking and grind for seven or eight seconds , pulsing the grinder for the last second or two . If I do n't pulse , sometimes I end up with one or two unground beans - no big deal , but I pulse anyway . It most certainly is n't silent in operation , but it does n't put my teeth on edge either . The only reason the KitchenAid gets four stars instead of five is because it is n't a burr grinder . But it 's the best blade grinder you 're going to find on the market today , and it 's a bargain at $ 30 .
 I have had a GE and a Krups coffee grinder that did not last long . This product by KitchenAid seems very well made and based on the company 's reputation , I 'm sure I 'll use this for years to come.The clear plastic top fits over the spacious stainless steel grinding bay . To activate the blades , push down on the top . There are two indentions built into the cover that plunges into the unit to activate the blades . Not only is it safe , but since there are no arrows to line up , buttons to depress or wear out , it should work a long time.It has a powerful motor that is very loud . It 's not the first thing I like hearing in the morning so I make sure I grind my beans the night before . The entire unit is solid and nicely constructed . My other grinders would allow for the power cord to store within the unit but this one does not . That is very easy to overlook as I keep it right next to my coffee maker and as well , it looks very nice sitting on my kitchen cabinet . There are no grind selectors to deal with but have found it not to be needed . It 's easy to pulse the beans to your favorite grind.Overall it 's powerful , simple and effective.February 2009
 I 'm not the coffee drinker in the house , my husband is , and he 's a bit of a coffee snob , even roasts his own beans.Well , he had a working grinder , but I just hated the thing , because he never wiped it out , and it always looked grungy and filthy . It also was looking old and showing signs of wear , so for Christmas , I thought I 'd surprise him with a new grinder.I was a little worried , because I was n't sure if this model would grind to his liking , but apparently , that was a needless fear ! His old grinder he had to shake while grinding to get an even coarse grind for his french press , but he does n't have to do that with the KitchenAid Blade Grinder and he says the grind is better and very consistent . He grinds about enough for 3 American cups ... his normal breakfast portion , LOL!I have not noticed that grounds get all over the place , maybe I see a few here and there on the counter , but far less than with the old grinder ! Hubby is not filling it full , this grinder is more spacious in capacity than the old , so that may have something to do with it.Anyway , what I love is being able to put the top portion of the grinder in the dishwasher . Now we have a stylish looking grinder and it is always clean . Better still , if I need to grind any spices or a small amount of nuts or something , I can use it , wash it and there 'll be no worries about any taste residue.I 've used it a couple times now to make cashew meal , which I use to thicken chili and it works just great!If there is one thing I 'm not fond of , well , this grinder is on the loud side . But hey , I also own a Vitamixer blender and nothing is louder than that ! Anyway , it 's only loud for the 20 seconds or so needed to grind . The cats look alarmed , and put their ears back , but they do n't run.I hope KitchenAid never stops making this model , because I would buy again in a heartbeat . Does n't look like I 'll need to for a good while to come though , it 's been in daily use since right after Christmas and no problems.The Blade rocks!Edit 12/18/2007 : ONE YEAR later ... Hubby and I still love the grinder , however , I do a caveat for potential buyers . Wash the clear plastic lid by hand only.After 6 months or so of washing it in the dishwasher -LRB- top rack only -RRB- , it has developed some cracking . This is NOT affecting the performance at all , only the appearance . The cup/blade portion has been fine in the dishwasher , it 's only the clear plastic cover that needs the hand wash .
 I purchased this coffee grinder to grind spices . It works very well . I grind lots of different spices in it - sesame seeds , flax seeds , cinnamon , etc. . Everything comes out well ground . It 's very easy to use , and I highly recommend it .
 I highly recommend this item . it is the best blade grinder I 've ever used -LRB- previously owned Krups , Mr Coffee brands -RRB- and for convenience and ease of use , I prefer it over my much more expensive burr grinder . I have had this coffee grinder for at least a year and a half and it is still going strong . It is very well-made . I got tired of the cleaning hassles of my burr grinder and decided to go back to the ` inferior ' blade-style grinder and I have to tell you , this has really done the trick for me . I grind my beans for a full 19 seconds -LRB- no more , no less -RRB- and the results match those of my old burr grinder . The fuller you fill the grinder , the less efficient the grinding is , so I just make it a point not to grind with this more than 2/3 full.I like the convenience of being able to separate the grinding chamber from the base -LRB- for cleaning and also for pouring it into the coffee maker basket -RRB- . It twists on and off like a blender attaches to a base and locks in very surely . It is also very safe as the grinder blades cant be activated unless the lid is on it.Recommended product .
 Like many of the other reviewers noted , this thing does make a mess . I bought this for grinding spices and when griding cinnamon , I ended up with cinnamon all over the place . That being said , it is a very good grinder . Very powerful and a nice big stainless basket . Also , unlike many grinders , you can remove and wash -LRB- in the dishwasher even -RRB- the basket/blade assembly . Just one more thing that I 've noted is that this grinder is somewhat larger than my Krups grinder that I use for coffee , and consequently , the blade sits higher off the bottom of the basket . When trying to grind a small amount of spices -LRB- and I 'd imagine coffee beans -RRB- , it had some problem grinding everything , just because the blade did n't hit it . With larger amounts of materials , it works like a charm , however.Overall , great , but messy , and not so good for small quantities .
 - Nice `` bullet '' design - Good combination of black and stainless steel - Powerful motor -LRB- for grinding coffee ; do n't expect to chop ice or anything -RRB- Not much else to write about a coffee grinder really.KitchenAid BCG100OB Blade Coffee Grinder , Onyx Black
 Was considering a much more expensive model ... glad I did n't . Good quality ... a retractable cord would be a nice addition .
 I roast my own beans and have for years . Home roasted beans get oily after about five days . The best feature on this grinder is the ability to remove the bowl & blade and put them in the dishwasher.But , does it grind ? Yes . I like my coffee weak compared to others and have a small coffee pot , so I do n't need to put many beans in the grinder . Since the blade is very close to the bottom of the bowl , this thing works like a champ -LRB- my # 1 requirement of any grinder -RRB- . Is it messy ? Yes , but big deal . I always prepare coffee over a towel , and use a small brush to empty the bowl , clean the lid , etc. . I have left more grounds on the towel with other grinders.Is it loud ? Uh ... 200w ... steel bowl ... yes . But , then again , all grinders are loud enough for me to use the utility room to prevent waking up the kids.Only negative I have is the large size and heftiness . This is an appliance that I would expect to last for quite a while .
 Very high quality item . Easy to use , easy to clean up . It 's a Cadillac .
 Although I purchased this item as a gift , I was there when it was first used . It is so easy to grind beans as you just pour them in and push down on the top to grind . You can grind course or fine with just the push of your hand.One thing to keep in mind ... you have to be careful to turn it over -LRB- upside down -RRB- after grinding and before opening it , or it can make a mess . But , I would n't let this deter you from purchasing it . I have a less expensive grinder and it does n't work near this well or easy .
 I received one of these grinders in Empire Red as a surprise Christmas gift . I had looked at other grinders but had yet to make a decision on which to buy . The unit is a little heavy but way overbuilt and should last a lifetime , something I have heard from owners of Kitchenaid 's other appliances . It performs better than I could have expected . The only downside other than the weight is a bit of the grindings spill out on to the top of the drive unit if you completely fill the stainless cup but not enough to cause problems . This unit is highly recommended by a satisfied owner .
 I have been using my Empire Red KitchenAid coffee grinder for about one month now and I really like it . It 's easy to get the grind consistency that you want and I like the fact that all of the messy parts can go in the dishwasher for cleaning . It does make a little noise and it does drop a few grounds on the counter but hey , the reward -LRB- great coffee -RRB- is well worth it !! It seems to be very well made and looks so good on the counter , you do n't want to hide it away .
 These hooks are much better looking than they appear in the picture . The wood they are mounted on is tapered , so that it 's thickest in the center and slightly thinner at either end -LRB- where the screws mount the hooks to the wall -RRB- . The hooks themselves are spaced nicely , with about 3 inches between each pair at the tops -LRB- where a sweatshirt or hat would sit -RRB- and 4 inches between each pair at the low part -LRB- where a jacket with a loop in the back or an umberella would hang -RRB- . Two screws mount each pair of hooks to the board and a screw on each end of the board holds the hooks to the wall . It comes with little wooden caps to put in the holes on the board where the screws hold it to the wall , so that they are hidden after it 's mounted .
 I am interested in a 42 in sink like this but can not locate availability of sizes
 These sheets are VERY soft and comfortable and the price is in the fair range . If you have one of the new Deep , thick matresses then these sheets will do the job and then some . Might find better price if you search longer though . I would buy them again .
 Having dealt with two broken copies of the similar class Cuisinart grinder , I was fed up and decided to try the KitchenAid here from Amazon . Believe me , no comparison . Yes , this is a shockingly loud appliance for its size , but it works so well ... This grinder works quickly . So what you ask ? Quick grinding from a blade grinder means that your beans -LRB- or other items you may choose to grind -RRB- do not get overly heated while grinding , which releases crucial flavor . I think it takes about about 10 seconds with a half hopper of beans for a drip filter grind . The resulting grind is consistent - no big chunks like the Cuisinart . The convenience factors built in -LRB- removable stainless bowl and plastic cover -RRB- work very well , wash up and dry easily in the dishwasher . The power cord feels very solid ; it 's a thick cord much like an outdoor extension -LRB- not as rigid of course -RRB- . No big mess on the counter either . I am very impressed with the price/quality/build of this item . I am surprised it is not more widely available in stores . But here it is . Buy it and enjoy it .
 KITCHENAID - YOUR PRODUCTS SHINE AS DOES THIS ONE ! ONE QUESTION - KNOWING WELL THAT MOST OF YOUR CUSTOMERS USE THIS IN THE KITCHEN ON TILE COUNTERS - HOW IN THE WORLD WOULD YOU SHIP A PRODUCT WITH NO RUBBER FEET ???? WHILE GRINDING , IT 'S LIKE TRYING TO HOLD DOWN A HOCKEY PUCK !
 We 're using this as a spice grinder for making smoothees , and it works great and is easy to clean . Color really did n't matter to us since it 's kept under the counter , so we picked the red which was on sale .
 I 've had reasonably good luck grinding beans into reasonably even-ground coffee . You have to experiment a bit to get the grind right ; it would be great if there were a little timer or something , but now I just count and check the grind consistency against some preground coffee I have . If it 's still too coarse I hit for another few seconds.The grinder will leave small pockets of coarser chunks , and occasionally identifiable half-bean or larger fragments , but 95 % of the rest of the chunks will be uniform size . I do n't think the 5 % oddball chunks affect the flavor of the resulting coffee.Careful not to grind even a few seconds long or it will grind your coffee too fine , and when I do this I get bitter coffee.I 'm sure this would be an absolutely awesome spice grinder as well.It seems very sturdily built and since I only grind one kind of coffee -LRB- until the bag of beans runs out -RRB- at a time , I do n't bother to clean the grinder between grinds . Yeah , slap my wrist , whatever . It just leaves a small ring of grounds at the bottom of the grinding chamber that stick to the stainless steel.I have managed to make a small mess now and then with the grounds . I start with lazy slob habits and then adjust towards my inner obsessive-compulsive side if the mess is too much to bear . I have my grinder in the bathroom , so I just grab a handful of TP and sweep the stray grounds into the sink . I 'm sure someone who is careful and fastidious could develop a routine that minimizes stray grounds.I got this grinder for $ 30 at Target , choosing it over B&D ; and Mr. Coffee grinders that were around $ 20 , and I 'm very glad I paid the extra $ 10 . This is a solidly built , easy to use product , it works very well for its intended purpose , and I feel like it 's going to give me as many years of service as I want . Highly recommended .
 What I like most about is : - the safety feature
 I recently purchased the Kitchen Aid coffee grinder for my daughter for her birthday . In the past , we have dealt with other types of coffee grinders and have not been exceptionally pleased . This grinder was very efficient and ground up a bag of coffee beans in a short amount of time and cleanup of this item was so simple . I would recommend it to anyone who was looking for a coffee grinder . . It also matches my daughter 's kitchen .
 Nothing could be more straightforward in its operation than this little grinder . Adjusting the grind from coarse to ultra-fine is just a matter of pressing down the cover a few more seconds or a few less . Put the desired amount of coffee beans in the grinding hopper , which contains a permanently mounted blade , set it on the base , place the clear cup over it and press down . Count seconds according to the desired grind.This grinder might be thought of as a chopper , since it has a blade , but it produces ground roast coffee that is indistinguishable from that produced by the high end grinding machines I have used . I have ground coffee using a small jar on my blender , and although the process would seem to be similar , the results are quite different . This little coffee grinder produces a nice uniform grind , and keeps the aroma inside better.I like to make fresh-ground coffee for my coffee loving friends . Even decaf beans taste like the real thing ! One friend sometimes stops in on the way to work to have me make coffee for her travel mug.I used to say , `` If my coffee is like mud , that 's because it was just GROUND . '' But now my coffee tastes like -- fresh coffee , with all its flavor , a coffee lover 's delight .
 I love this grinder . I have used 2-3 times a week now since 2004 . Still works great and looks like new . The best part about this grinder is it comes apart for cleaning and washing when needed . I use it for fine grind too , my burr grinder could n't hold up after a year and was a pain to clean . Love love this one .
 This is my first experience with a coffee grinder , so take my recomendation with a grain of salt . Received this as a Christmas gift and have been very happy with it so far . Easy to load , easy to operate , easy to clean . The bowl is of sufficient size to make a full 12-cup pot in my automatic coffee maker . Plus it matches my other red KitchenAid appliances !! I know you can spend less on other brands and you can also spend much more . This is a good all-around grinder for the money .
 After reading other reviews , I decided to purchase this product for grinding mostly flax seed ... works great with alot of power tho a little messy ... ground seed slips over and out the sides while grinding and is all over the inside of the cap , and some on the machine itself , when done . Easily cleaned so if and when this one ever konks out , I would purchase another one , without hesitation .
 I like the way this product looks and I like the large container , since I make large pots of coffee . However , it does not grind beans as well or quickly as other products I have owned . The blade is further from the bottom , and maybe that 's it . I do n't know why , but I have to grind the beans for close to a minute to reach the consistency I like . My last grinder , a smaller , cheaper product , was more efficient and lasted about ten years .
 Never will I need a different grinder . And if KitchenAid ever stops making it they will have a mob of caffeine junkies taking over a factory somewhere . Screw the dishwasher , this baby is so easy to clean by simply rinsing the stainless bowl under the faucet for a couple of seconds , wiping it out with a paper towel -LRB- or flour sack towel reserved for coffee stains -RRB- and taking the damp towel and wiping out the clear lid . -LRB- The very tiny little groove in the top of the lid , is easily cleaned with an edge of the towel -RRB- It holds twice as many beans as my coffee maker . I use it to grind larger amounts of seeds and spices , too , and even that only takes a quick wash with soapy water . I let it air dry by turning the lid 90 degrees so it rests on the little nubbies on the base . Perfect pretty perky appliance . And looks so sexy on my counter top , too !
 I have read some of the other reviews about this coffee grinder , and I 'm not sure where the reviewers are coming from . The beans grind evenly , and can be made unifomly coarse or fine according to the time spent grinding . -LRB- This is all of a few seconds -RRB- I have never had a problem with coffee flying out of the grinder when finished , as mentioned by one reviewer . I love the ease of popping the top and body of the grinder into the dishwasher instead of laboriously brushing or wiping out stale grinds , and I enjoy the look of the grinder . In fact , I liked my red Kitchenaid grinder so much that I bought two more , one for each child .
 I really like this coffee grinder . It is easy to use , even with arthritis , and It is great for quickly grinding up coffee beans , easy to clean -LRB- I usually just wipe it out with a dry paper towel -RRB- , or can be easily diassembled and washed in soap and water.Very attractive , simple design , cheerful red color , -LRB- my coffee maker and toaster are red too -RRB- , very cute machine . Takes up very little space on counter top and low price.Best part is , it not only grinds up coffee beans quite nicely , I use it to grind brown rice and barley to make hot cereal -LRB- porridge -RRB- . Works great on whole grains . -LRB- I grind up 1/2 cup at a time -RRB- . Would recommend and/or buy as a gift .
 The KitchenAid coffee grinder is low cost , compact and grinds quickly and well . The `` Empire Red '' color also looks really cool on the counter . We are well pleased with ours and I would recommend it to others .
 I love this grinder ! I have used it to grind all sorts of things ... coffee , flax seed , even chocolate chips . It works great and it is a cute and attractive addition to my kitchen counter .
 The product works as stated . I especially like the the removable grinding assembly for simple cleanup.I have not experienced any problem with the grinds overflowing out of the top as other 's mentioned , and yes I fill up the grinder almost to the top line without any overflow . Highly recommended.And besides it grinds a great tasting cup of coffee , I will no longer buy Pre-Ground .
 It is working great for over 3 years which says a lot about this product .
 I have had absolutely no problems with this grinder . It works well , I grind the beans for about 17 seconds , and they 're good to go ... The aluminum cannister detaches from the base , making it easy to clean . I recommend this grinder ...
 Love the Empire Red design and ease of using . Easier to clean and operate that other comparably priced grinders we 've owned . Good product .
 The product works as stated . I especially like the the removable grinding assembly for simple cleanup.I have not experienced any problem with the grinds overflowing out of the top as other 's mentioned , and yes I fill up the grinder almost to the top line without any overflow . Highly recommended.And besides it grinds a great tasting cup of coffee , I will no longer buy Pre-Ground .
 I got this for my very first aparment!It can be a little messy , but I have a lint grabber and it works great for picking up all the stray grounds.It has enough power to grind enough coffee for a day and I can just toss the lid and bowl in the dishwasher.I like KitchenAid , but most if it I ca n't afford . Someday , I 'll have a KitchenAid Artisan 5 stand mixer in grape or blue ! : c -RRB-
 I am extremely happy with this grinder . It does a goodjob grinding , and the grinding mechanism is easy to take offand put in the dishwasher . It also comes in empirered , which matches my other KitchenAid appliances.Unlike my previous bean grinder -LRB- a braun -RRB- , this machineis large enough to grind enough coffee for a 12-cup machine in one go.I agree with the previous reviewer -- I have only hadproblems with the grinds leaking out when I overfillthe machine . It has a Maximum Fill line , and if youput beans above this line it will leak .
 We bought this in the red which is such a vibrant colour . I consider this the Mercedes of coffee grinders , and we have owned a few other brands . In fact we bought a new De Longhi coffee machine and it came with one of their coffee grinders that did n't work after the fourth try . Seems the motor burned out . So as a birthday gift for my husband I ordered this coffee grinder , which was on back order -LRB- that was the only negative -RRB- but it finally arrived.It is much quieter than the other grinders we have used , and I like the steel mechanism and that healthy size over cup that you press down on to trigger the grinder . The appliance looks so nice on the counter that I hated to stick it away.I should note that I own most of the KitchenAid counter appliances , as well as the bottle opener , basting brush , spatulas etc. and buy this brand because it is excellent and I have yet to be disappointed.And in the process of designing and building a new zen style home , we are making sure that the kitchen is designed so that the KitchenAid appliances we own are easy access since we cook and entertain a lot and feel proud to have this brand in our home .
 There is little fly away of ground coffee , as suggested in other reviews . I shake the machine whilst grinding to ensure an even grind . It works well for the fine grind needed for a cone filter as well as for the coarser grind for the press pot . It looks solid and looks good on the countertop . I use a little brush to get the grounds out of the grinder , thus avoiding taking off the stainless steel cup each time . Oh , the large capacity is really nice too . I had a burr grinder for a bit of time , but I burnt it out . I 'm not going back , because I did not find them reliable . This KitchenAid has been just great , and I highly recommend it !
 After `` borrowing '' my mother 's burr grinder for a year , I finally decided to buy my own coffee-grinding apparatus . However , not having the bucks for a burr , I knew it 'd have to be a blade , and this made me sad and worried about my future coffee . I thought , `` How will I get the exact even grind that I need without a fabulous burr grinder ? A blade can never do this ! '' Ha ! I 've done the experiment . Over the last 2 months , using my shiny new red Kitchenaid blade coffee grinder , I made grinds for my French press pot -LRB- 6 seconds -RRB- , my drip maker -LRB- 12 seconds -RRB- , and my stovetop espresso pot -LRB- 20 seconds + some scraping -RRB- , all with delicious results . I 've found that the necessary grind can be achieved with experience . It takes just a few uses to figure out the amount of time needed to yield a specific coarseness/fineness . To get espresso-fine , because those very fine grounds tend to clump , I have to scrape the bottom of the generously-sized , removable stainless steel bowl once or twice during grinding , but so what ? The point is , it can and does grind fine . Evenness is imperfect , but not enough to stand between me and great coffee . Messy ? Sometimes , but not enough to stand between me and great coffee . The price ? Definitely not enough to stand between me and great coffee . And surprisingly , I do n't miss the burr grinder at all .
 Like the rest of us , if you are considering this coffee grinder you probably own other KitchenAid products . I buy them because they build things to last as evidenced by their warranties and customer service . This coffee grinder is an example of their commitment to quality . Okay , it just grinds coffee beans , not a big deal , right ? It is when compared to other grinders out there . This one allows the acrylic top and bowl to be taken off and cleaned , either by hand or in the dishwasher . Why is this important ? With other grinders , I have felt that I never came close to getting them clean ; there was always residue left behind . This leaves grounds and oils that over time affect subsequent batches of beans . Not just taste transfer , but also the oils can do what all oils do , become rancid . So , besides the obvious quality of this grinder , there is the confidence that it is truly clean when I put it away . As for chaff flying all over the place , try grinding two smaller batches instead of one large one .
 I was looking for a grinder that would grind not only coffee beans but other kinds of ingredients that might require liquid . And afterwards I could wash it out so it would n't leave any kind of after taste onto whatever else I put in it on my next grinding session . I like it because we can clean it out the bowl and not get water into the motor , unlike other Coffee Grinders .
 Powerful lil guy . Its made in India which explains why it works so well for the purpose it is meant for - spice grinding . It has a powerful motor and pulverised my rock salt in a jiffy . My only complaint with the design is that there is a space between the lid and the container so there are powder spills . .
 This product is everything that you 'd expect from KitchenAid . The impressive blade does an excellent job of grinding even to the point of powder should you desire . There is no spillover during grinding indicating that the seal made between the plastic top and the stainless steel grinding cup are manufactured to close specifications . The powerful motor is more than enough for any job . Used correctly , this machine should provide many years of satisfaction for grinding many kinds of coffee , seeds or spices .
 The product works as stated . I especially like the the removable grinding assembly for simple cleanup.I have not experienced any problem with the grinds overflowing out of the top as other 's mentioned , and yes I fill up the grinder almost to the top line without any overflow . Highly recommended.And besides it grinds a great tasting cup of coffee , I will no longer buy Pre-Ground .
 We love this mattress ! My husband has a bad knee and some back pain . He woke up the first morning feeling great . We have decided to get each of our four kids a twin mattress like ours .
 This was our Christmas present to each other this year and it has proven to be WELL worth the cost !! We were naturally a bit wary about purchasing a bed online without being able to test it first , but after reading the few reviews here and return policy if we did n't like it , we decided to give it a go-so happy we did !! The bed was shipped promptly , and the luxury of not having to tie it up on the roof of the car and move it around in the winter was an added bonus . This bed is SOOOOOOO comfortable !! It supports every contour of your body-for that reason it seemed firm at first , but then we realized we were just not used to our old flat mattress touching every part of our backs , etc. . I used to wake up when my boyfriend got up for work every morning @ 6:30 , or if he was moving around at night , or got up in the middle of the night , now I do n't even feel him moving - it 's amazing ! And California King is the way to go-we are n't kicking each other or stealing blankets anymore . Waking up feeling refreshed ! Even better - my boyfriend has back problems from an old snowboarding injury and is already feeling less pain when he wakes up . The smell of the foam is a little intense at first but it wears off , do n't worry . My only complaint about this bed is that I ca n't get out of it !! Sleeping in a little too much lately , this will require some work . If you are contemplating buying this bed-DOOOOOO ITTTTT !!! you will not be sorry .
 this mattress was one of the best decisions I 've made in a long time . The mattress was delivered very fast and in perfect condition . All my pain has disappeared when I awake the next morning . This mattress is much better than any traditional mattress I 've owned . It also fluffs right back up and feels like a new mattress every time you lay back down on it .
 We bought the mattress for my daughter and son in law for Christmas . She is pregnant and was really uncomfortable on her old mattress . She loves this mattress.We looked at mattresses locally and the price was about double what we paid for this one.My son in law said that it came in a small box -LRB- tube maybe -RRB- . When he got the mattress out of the box it was pretty thin and he thought that it was a cushion for a mattress , but he went to run some errands and when he came back it had expanded to a regular size mattress.They are both happy with the mattress and we were happy with the price .
 Just received the bed yesterday , slept on it last night and was fantastic . Shipped in one day from the time I ordered , must be that I am 5 miles from the Amazon Wharehouse . Opened the mattress and it decompressed in about an hour . There is a chemical smell , but it dicipates , either that or I am getting used to the smell . I put a fan in the room , to move the air , and there is really no smell unless you press your face right into it . I am used to conventional mattress and box springs , so I am sure there is going to be a period of adjustment , one thing , there is no jumping into bed without coming to an abrupt stop , my 5 year old is in for a treat ... LOL
 I absolutely love this mattress . It is fantastic . My wife on the other hand , thinks that it is a bit too firm . She weighs between 105-110 , and I am up around 215 , so the weight difference may matter when considering if you would like to purchase it . We eventually put a feather bed topper on the mattress and now it is perfect for both of us . You wo n't likely find another mattress as comfortable for the price . The only down side was that it had a bit of a chemical smell that we had to let air out for about two days and cover with baby-powder .
 My husband and I love this bed ! I 've slept on firmer mattresses and it 's not too firm like the other reviews said . Product received within a week , and price is just unbeatable ! Only thing is there really is a slight chemical smell to it like others said and it take a few weeks for it to be completely gone . Just febreeze it !
 This mattress was a godsend . It is everything I had hoped for . I can sleep soundly for the first time in years even with a bad back and neck .
 Pros
 If you are ordering this along with a Cuisinart HM-70 Mixer , save your money . It is included in the HM-70 package and is a very handy attachment .
 This handy attachment whisks eggs quite well , and aerates ingredients for batters , sauces and such . Works quite well with myCuisinart HM-50 Power Advantage 5-Speed Hand Mixer , and does n't seem to put any strain on the motor . Must admit to using it primarily for making various types of scrambles eggs and omelettes , but for that purpose alone it 's worth the price ... and it cleans up easily in a dishwasher.Would advise that you see the product description for all of the various Cuisinart models that can use this handy accessory before ordering .
 I recently replaced my dead Kitchen Aid mixer with a Cuisinart , and for some reason , did n't realize this already came in the box with my new mixer . I wanted to be able to whip cream or fluff egg whites , so I purchased this.It does a great job on whip cream . It gives it a different texture , and the cream even looks better . I really can not explain it . I am very impressed . I just wish I did n't have two of them . You only use on of these in your mixer at a time .
 I bought this as a replacement to the one that came with my hand mixer . I make a lot of desserts with fresh whipped cream topping and also have to stiffen egg whites and this sure does do the job . I love it for that reason but I hate that I had to replace it in the first place . One of the wires broke in mid mix and splattered whip cream everywhere . I do n't know why it broke but I 'm glad Amazon had a replacement . I just hope I do n't have to replace it frequently .
 Something I needed to add to my hand mixer . I really have n't used the item , but it looks like it will hold up .
 I ordered the Cuisinart hand mixer as a gift for someone that has recently taught herself how to cook and bake . I did order the machine with extra attachments for her convenience and she is very satisfied with it so far . Actually , she just loves it . I appreciate that I could find all of the pieces of this system in one online &#8220; store &#8221; and the convenience that it provided . I will definitely be ordering more in the future .
 I got this because I had purchased a cheapo 5-speed Proctor-Silex hand mixer here on Amazon that did n't come with a wisk . My game plan - if it fit the mixer , great . If not I 'd try it in my drill :D Yes , I pretty dearly wanted a wire whisk hand mixer :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB- Ok - my geek-side aside , as it turns out , this Does fit my hand mixer . Well , sort of . It fits on ONE of the two beater jacks - which is fine by me ! It means I still get what I wanted - a wire whisk in my hand mixer.For $ 5 , it was a total deal . Plus , I got three of them , which is handy because now I can toss the used ones in the dishwasher and still have one handy when I want it .
 I like it.It was the best to choose the 3-speed one . I do n't really need the more speedy one .
 Order one of these and did n't need too . One came with the blender . So trying to figure out what else I can use it for . Thinking about makeing a handle for it and use it as a hand held whisk . Good Idea Don
 I am so glad that I ordered this cuisinart hand mixer whisk . I have used it many times with a lot of cooking procedures . Cuisinart is the best !!
 Of course we ca n't know how things would be WITHOUT this air purifier , but it seems -LRB- to me -RRB- to be helping . I have Multiple Chemical Sensitivity and I 'm doing better . Now , we 've also recently moved out of a mold-infested home , BUT we now have attached neighbors who smoke , and it 's difficult to get away from plastic odors , etc. etc. . I feel that this purifier helps . The science behind it also makes sense . I also like the feature where you can turn it down so it 's still working but it 's not as loud . Even at the highest `` setting , '' it 's not obnoxious -- like a very small fan noise , I think . It 's also very easy to move , etc. , with its nice top handle and not-too-heavy design . The circular shape also makes sense to me -LRB- to circulate the air -RRB- , and it 's reasonably `` nice looking '' in our living space .
 Hello , first off i have a different model Allerair , the 500 Vocarb , so it 's twice as expensive andtwice as big , but i wanted to add a quickcomment related to the discussion here : According to the instructions , that I read whensetting up my AllerAir it explains that the slowestquietest speed is also the most effective.This relates to the comment thread here about noise.WHY would the slowest quietest speed be the most effective?If I understood it correctly , it is because it causes the airmoving through the filter to `` linger '' -LRB- or move much slower -RRB- throughthe carbon filter area -LRB- the most critical aspect of the entire machine , is the carbon or charcoal as this works in gas masks in chemical warfareeven -RRB- ... . so it seemed to explain the SLOWER the air moved through themachine the more absorption of pollutants by the charcoal/carbon whatever.Why use the HIGHER SPEEDS THEN ? As I understood it , they recommendedthe higher -LRB- louder -RRB- speed settings when you need move a lot of air fromthe room through the filter quickly , like a smoke filled room , or when youfirst set it up in a really dusty or `` chemically '' room ... so while it ` smoving faster through the filter and getting less effective absorption , it ` sstill functional as the need in those situations is to get at `` all the air inthe room asap '' ... and then , they recommend , you turn it down to the slowest -LRB- and it so happens super quiet -RRB- setting.anyway , i think that 's what i read and have been using the machine accordingly.Again , i do not own this particular Tube model but i 'm very interested in gettingone though for a smaller loft area.The fact one reviewer said they put it in their car !!! while driving and usedthe cigarette adapter , really caught my attention . If that reviewer sees thisand cares to add more , i 'm VERY interested as i have Chemical Sensitivity Disorderand it makes automobile travel a very sickening experience.Thanks everyone for your comments.By the way , the AllerAir 5000 Vocarb that i have seems to work awesome.I 've had it for years . Replacing the charcoal every number of years seemsexpensive , but i think it 's well worth it as that 's what the entire thing isabout ... the carbon or charcoal . the pre-filter and hepa filters componentsof the AllerAirs are nice also ... but not as radical as the carbon or charcoal whichis THE thing that removes chemicals ... the prefilter and hepa filterare for dust and particulates ... It 's very straightforward in that it 's just large amounts of activated charcoal/carbonlike in a gas mask . No gimmicks . Someone mentioned plastic smell , which is unusual -LRB- i hope -RRB- , especially as that 's another aspect , at least of my AllerAir Vocarb , -LRB- and i thoughtALL their units -RRB- , is that it 's virtually ALL metal construction , and they specificallyboast on that regarding chemical sensitivity and the irony of many air filters made out of plastic .
 The best juicer I 've ever used . Brings Kitchenaid quality to a product that can be anything but with other brands . Easy to clean up and especially quiet !
 We purchased this machine specifically for the citrus press feature . We wanted a powerful non-metallic citrus press that would stand up to heavy use.We did n't want a metal press that could in any way taint the flavor of the juice.We have never used this machine as a `` juicer . '' We also own a VitaMix that we use regularly and another brand of juicer that we use for juice extraction.As a citrus press this machine has exceeded our expectations . The fruit is finished pressing before the juice has finished draining out of the machine . It is FAST and powerful . It will press juice as fast as we can place a half of a lemon , lime or orange in the machine and pull down the lid . SECONDS ! The machine is large enough to accomodate grapefruit , although our primary use is for lemons and limes.The press attachments clean easily.Since this model has been discontinued by Kitchenaid , we 've been considering buying another one to keep in reserve in case this one ever goes belly up .
 REVIEW : ----------------- This Juicer is a Great juicer , and if you know the '' `` Trick '' '' to cleaning it , well its a snap and makes this juicer a realy great Juicer . ---------- First off , it is very quiet while juicing , and is juices very smoothly , no shimmying across counter top , like some customers have stated of other juicers . It does not foam up , and I have been able to juice over a gallon of juice , with only having having to spend 40 second to lift out baket , scoop out the pulp , and reassemble the juicer , before you are off again . -------- The citrus fruit juicer attachment , which is included at no extra cost , is well made with two sizes to juice large and small citrus fruit . It has safety features that will insure safe opperation while juicing citrus fruit , -LRB- some other brand juicers , will require you to purchase the juicer attachment at an additional price -RRB- . The citrus fruit stainer is so great , you could can juice boxes of citrus fruit , while only having to stop and empty the citrus strainer after every about 30 medium peaces of citrus fruit . ------------------------------------- For cleaning , it comes apart very quickly , without any difficulty , there is only two peices too take apart from the base unit . ----------------------------------------- After spending many hours of researching the specs of different juicers out there . Then reading several customer reviews for many of the juicers sold by Amazon.com . I decided to purchase this KitchenAid Juicer . ---------------------------------- And there was only one negative review concerning the KitchenAid Dual Function Juicer , about difficulty cleaning small food out of strainer , THERE IS A SIMPLE TRICK TO CLEANING !!! ------------------------------------ First off , the `` Shaped Spatula '' , looks like part of the packing material , and was almost trashed , lucky I have always insisted , all packing materials are saved , and not put into the trash . Because if you loose this special shaped spatula , you might as well forget about cleaning this juicer . ----------------------------------- TRICK TO CLEANING
 Clean up is messy no matter which machine you buy
 This is our first juicer and we are have a great time juicing everything . We use it a lot with our smoothie maker.It is designed well and is very easy to clean . It does drip a bit for a while from the spout but that is n't a problem at all.We got this because we have a 2 year old and a 16 year old . We wanted to make it easy to give them great tasting sweets that are good for them . My 16 year old son loves apple juice and makes it all the time now -- no more soda in our house !!
 Powerful motor & quiet and it does n't shake as other viewer said . It extracts almost everything out . For clean up , it 's not a smart design part yet . It should be removable the top part out for clean instead of use damp clothes . You ca n't find other juicer at price $ 120.00 good as this one .
 Now this is a funnel ! talk about capacity , the only thing I can see that may be a problem in the future is the screen does not appear to be replaceable.But that I can live with .
 This funnel is big and I use it all the time . Large end is 8 inches , small end is 1.25 inches . Works great , no spillage ! I did remove the screen though so thicker stuff would pour thru .
 This funnel works just as expected . The only thing that was hard to deal with , was the size ! maybe a foot or more wide and more than a foot long , could be used on your car , if need be : -RRB-
 This unit is exactly as represented . It fits easily almost anywhere and is very handy . I create , copy and edit a lot of CD 's for my daughter who is a performer , so we accumulate a lot of music . If I could find any problems with the unit -LRB- like has already been said -RRB- , it could use a more sturdy footprint , but for the price and excellent accessability , this is an exceptional value . I am sending in an order for units number two and three and expect to get more . DOCBILL
 This CD tower by Atlantic holds 100 CDs in their jewel cases . It is compact and it 's certainly no eyesore . I use this rack to store CDs and I am satisfied.Another wonderful feature of this CD storage tower is that it can be stored just about anywhere , too -- at 32 inches high this storage tower is compact while doing the job of storing your CDs in an orderly and presentable fashion.The rack is constructed of black steel wire with `` cherrywood '' knobs . Caution
 I collect cd 's and I needed a rack that weould fit in with my other 5 racks . I found this item and was completely satisfied.It is an excellent product so I actually ordered two !
 This can opener is one of the best can openers I have ever owned . Easy to store and very powerful . I can not describe what a deal this is .
 Great can opener . Arrived quickly , easy to use and holds a charge forever . Throw it in a drawer when you 're done . We love it !
 I love this can opener . The charge lasts a long time , and is easy to operate , once you figure how to load the can . You have to tilt it just right . I like how it travels , and cuts along the top of the can . It does n't matter how large the can is . No can is too small , or too big .
 Works great . Rechargeable batteries are replaceable . Great to take with for camping . I also own the One touch can opener which is easier to use and does a side cut , but does not do large # 10 cans or spam can style .
 I have used this item for years and have owned several . When it goes out , I order another . They last for years .
 This little item works great and the price is right . You just have to get the knack of how to operate it when placing it on the can - after that it is great
 Small and compact and works really well . Have had no problems with this purchase . This can opener is so small that it disappears on the kitchen counter top .
 It ' portable , easy to use , open any canned item , would recommend it for any kitchen usage or picnic outings , etc. .
 It worked like a champ for a few years . I broke it some how and wanted to buy another , but they are not made any more - very sad .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend who was looking for an electric can opener , and she loves it . It 's easy to attach and easy to store . She sometimes uses extra large cans , and other electric can openers -LRB- other than commercial ones -RRB- would not accommodate the large cans . It has held a charge for six weeks .
 This is a really neat can opener . It is fun to use and the kids like to watch it in action . It is a little tricky to get started . The trick is to hold it completely vertical when starting the initial puncture , then it goes off on its own . I never had any problems like the guy who lacerated his foot . Just be careful to always stand it up on its feet .
 I will admit it is hard at first to line it up right . But after you get the hang of it that little -LSB- opener -RSB- just cuts on around the can so fast . It is fun to watch !!
 I bought this to replace my first cordless can opener after my husband dropped the removable part in the garbage disposal . I would have bought another of the same kind I had , but it was no longer available . This one lasts a LOT longer than my first . I can open as many cans as I want during one recipe and not run out of charge . It does n't take up as much counter space either , and my old one had an annoying base that it was very hard to get a good contact with for charging . This one just had a cord you plug it in to . My only complaints are it 's pretty loud . If I have a sleeping baby , I have found myself just getting out the manual crank in order to avoid waking her . Also it is a little difficult to line it up just right , but once you get used to it , it 's fine .
 For those having a hard time starting this gadget , I found a video that helped me how to use this thing . -LSB- ... -RSB- Other tips
 I found this can opener to be perfect for use with my arthritic hands . It is hands free and is small and compact and can be stored easily in a drawer . The countertop models restrict you on the size of can and take up valuable counter space . I was surprised that when I needed a new can opener to replace a 15 year old one , few stores carried them so after shopping several with no luck I went online and found just what I needed at Amazon .
 Excellent can opener . Works as promised . Only improvement would be a safe cut feature that would leave no sharp edge on the can lid . Size is perfect . Just open the can and put the opener in a drawer or cabinet afer use . No counter clutter ! Used daily , we only have to charge it every two weeks or so .
 I absolutely love it . I had a similiar one before , but it met an unfortunate end when the cord was introduced to a relative 's cooking . This one is slightly different , but i love it even more , it does n't need to be charged as often , and it 's small enough that it does n't take up room in the drawers , though I leave mine out .
 Was hoping , but not expecting when I got this . Turns out it was way more powerful than I thought it would be . Going on it 's second month on the original charge . We do n't use a LOT of canned goods but we did make a huge batch of pasta sauce as soon as we recieved this opener . We started out by opening probably 30 cans at first and then the one or two at a time on a day to day basis . The opener has a flat spot or feet so that it sits neatly on the counter and is small enough to fit in the drawer . The charger consists of a small transformer and thin cord like a cell phone charger . I even checked pricing and features on other units all over the internet and eBay before I settled on this one . My husband wanted a big commercial can opener that bolts onto the counter , he is happy with this one too ! It is EVERYTHING that I was hoping for , thanks Amazon .
 We 've had ours for nearly 8 years now . The magnet broke off a couple years ago , but I actually like it better that way , as the arm for the magnet was a bit short to start with . It sticks to the front of the can opener so it wo n't get lost . It still holds its charge well after all these years.My mom liked it so much that she got one , but she and my dad are having a little trouble learning how to use it . I mentioned this to my husband , and he admitted it took him a while to get the hang of it , too . But once you have it down , it 's very simple and easy to use.I highly recommend this gadget . And when it does finally bite the dust , I 'll replace it with another one just like it .
 I have been using cordless can openers for many years , too many different models to count . I love them and do n't understand why they are now so hard to find other than the cheap version discount stores sell . This is a palm size object that is plenty powerful and easy to use and clean .
 My wife had a rechargeble can opener that finally died . After doing some looking in the stores and then on the net , I came across this one and bought it for her . She loves it . She says it 's easy to use and works perfectly . She likes it because it does n't take up a lot of space on the counter . It 's a nice product and would purchase again .
 Delivered everything it was supposed to . One-hand operation -LRB- no hands , once it gets started -RRB- ; opens a lot of cans on single charge ; no batteries to buy/change and its size makes it a dream to put in a handy but out-of-the-way spot -LRB- drawer , cabinet corner , etc -RRB- . Had no trouble using it -LRB- you can see the cutting blade to make sure it 's in position to pierce can -RRB- but you do have to pay attention when opening small cans ` cuz the opener is usually heavier than the can so both wind up tipping over . Great for camping or people who have dexterity problems . Going to buy one for my mom -LRB- with arthritis & limited kitchen space -RRB- and my daughter -LRB- with limited kitchen space & inquisitive toddler -RRB- .
 Been looking for an small , easy to use and easy to store can opener . A friend told me about this one . It is the best . Right out of the box it went to work without a charge and after I figured out the best way to get it on the can , off it went on it 's own . Have used it on a variety of sizes of cans and it always does the job perfectly . The size is just right for sitting on the corner of a shelf always in easy reach . Can not recommed it highly enough .
 I gave one of these to my parents about three years ago . They are still using the thing on a daily basis . They have used many can openers over the years , electric and non-electric , but they swear this one is the best they have ever used . So far it has been very durable and has been used daily . They have even bought a second one for the eventuality the first one fails.Contrary to what people are saying , it is very simple to use . They must have never used electric models before . This one has a long battery life when charged and has a pretty good overall design .
 I 've used this opener for over 3 years and it is the only one I use . I have arthritis in my hands and it certainly helps . Many , many uses before having to plug it in to recharge . I have given it as a gift many times . Ca n't go wrong with this item !
 I have owned one of these can openers for over 5 years and I just love it . It works great and fits snuggly in a kitchen drawer , out of the way , until I need it . I am ordering a second one , as a backup since mine is getting older and I know it wo n't last forever . Keep it clean , and it is a little workhorse !!!
 Excellent product this is the second one I 've bought . Perfect for area where you may lose power . Lasts for many years .
 This Hamilton Beach 76500 Walk 'N Cut Can Opener is great to use . Just click in the can and away it goes . . no mess . . no fuss . I like it especially because it does not matter how tall or short the can is . It does them all and I have tried all sizes of cans . It 's a keeper .
 I have arthritis . It is too difficult for me to press the handle down . Device works well .
 Fantastic opener !!! works like a charm all the time !!! I can always count on this little opener does any job small or bigg !!! Get it you 'll love it
 I really like my can opener . It 's a lot faster than the other can openers I 've had before . It 's easy to use & clean . I would recomend this can opener to any one . A really great product .
 This can opener is fun to use . It did take a few tries to figure out how to seat it properly to pierce the can , anddo n't throw away your hand crank one , as it wo n't work on small can 's like tomato paste and sauce . It takes alittle more muscle than I had hoped to pierce the can . I have a weak arm and hoped it would n't take as much effort , I love that I do n't have to store it on the counter , and it is rechargeable . Once the can is pierced , it doesall of the work by itself . I wo n't use it often , so I have some concern about how long it will last . A ni-cad battery is pretty much obsolete with the advent of the NI-MH batteries that have a much longer life with no memory to deal with . I 'd buy another one , but do n't think that my 86 year old mother could use it .
 I suffered a stroke , and have difficulty using my left hand ... and since my stroke I have purchased 4 different can openers ... all were very difficult to impossible for me to use ! Can you spell
 Once you get this on the can properly , it works great , but it is kind of tricky to get it on the can . It usually takes me several tries .
 My mom has this opener and when I used hers I had to have it . I love that it is small And easy to store and opens cans easily . My husband can even use it with ease . I have a few products that are Hamilton beach and I am pleased
 Compact and easy to use ... Particularly like the rechargeable aspect of the product rather than replacing batteries . Works well .
 Perfect alternative to some other way more expensive cordless openers . The rest of this is filler because i have to use more words .
 Can opener & is loud when opening cans . Charge initially at least 48 hrs.nice looking & needs no cord sitting on countertop .
 I bought this can opener because I wanted to reduce the clutter on the kitchen counter . It tucks away quite easily in a drawer when not in use . I really like the rechargable battery rather than having to replace batteries . It holds a charge for quite a while . It 's strong and fast - opening large cans quickly without issue . It did take a few times to figure out how to position it on the can , but once I got past that , it was a zip !
 Took me awhile to figure out how it worked but once I did , this device worked better than any electric can opener I 've ever owned . Fits neatly in a drawer , easy to clean , and inexpensive ... could n't have made a better purchase .
 Love this can opener , its small compact and also very handy ! The battery seems to last as well I bought this about a month ago and it still hasnt had to be recharged !
 We had a B&D -LRB- same type -RRB- can opener before this one . The battery died and B&D stopped producing them . This one works just as well , has a replaceable battery and hopefully will last longer than the B&D . It takes up no counter space and is easily cleanable . There is really nothing bad that I can say about this appliance , if you need a new can opener , I would highly recommend taking a look at this one . BTW , Amazon had the best price on the net , beating out eBay and everyone else by a mile .
 I 've recently realized that I needed something electric , as it was getting harder to open cans . I tried three others before this , including one that I had to throw away because I could n't get the can off it . I used this little Hamilton Beach opener over the holidays -LRB- lots of cans to open -RRB- , and this one opens any size can effortlessly . Also , it 's rechargeable , so no batteries to worry about ! As someone who went through many other units before this , I highly recommend this unit as easy to use , dependable , and it holds a charge for quite a while !
 I 've had this can opener for more than 5 years now . It does n't take up space inside my cupboard . And the charge seems to last for a very long time -LRB- unless you need to use it a lot more frequently than i do -RRB- . Getting the hang of it seems to be tricky for some people , as evidenced from the most of the negative reviews , but I never had that problem . It opens big cans as well as it does small ones like those little tomato paste cans . I was skeptical since Hamilton Beach is a brand I would not normally go with , but paying more for a can opener seemed silly ; and I ended up being happy with the purchase .
 I will admit it is hard at first to line it up right . But after you get the hang of it that little sucker just cuts on around the can so fast . It is fun to watch !!
 I purchased this can opener a year ago and deliberately waited to write a review so that I could see how I liked it `` in the long haul '' . I love it ! Like one of the other reviewers , I am left-handed . Unless you purchase a left-handed can opener -LRB- usually more expensive -RRB- a non-electric can opener is hard to use . This one is light and simple to attach . It did take a little getting use to , but once I used it a few times , it 's a snap . I love the fact that I can keep it in a drawer . I have a small kitchen and the can opener is not taking up valuable counter space . -LRB- It actually does n't take up much drawer space either . -RRB- It holds a charge for a long time . In fact , I think I 've only had to charge it three times in a year . Of course , that would depend on how much you use it . I have not yet found a can that it would n't open and actually , find it easier to use on big cans than the usual counter can openers . If the can is tall , this little thing just scoots around the rim . If the can is heavy , you do n't have to worry about it falling off the can opener . Like most other tools , you just have to use some common sense !
 Nice gadget . It works well with or without the electrical plug . I would recommend this opener for gadget freaks and those who like to be entertained 24/7/365 .
 We 're coming up on two years of steady use with this little jewel and very happy with it . It takes a little practice at first learning the proper way to position it , but I 'm able to do it with one hand -LRB- No I 'm not Hercules -RRB- . My wife also gives it 5 stars and wants me to buy an extra one in case they discontinue it . She 's not very strong and has never had any problem puncturing the can to get it started . It 's very compact and comes apart easily to clean . This is one of our favorite kitchen tools . Highly recommend .
 I loved this can opener ... for the small cost I paid 21/2 years ago it was worth it ! After having about 6 months my daughter dropped it and it still worked wonderfully . Always left it plugged it for recharging . The only problem that occured was every once in a while the cutting blade would get pushed into the unit and i would have to take a butter knife to get it back out . Sad to say the rechargeable batteries just dies and now I am looking to purchase a second one !
 I bought this thing to replace my B&D ; cordless Ergo that finally bit the bullet and they do n't make that model anymore or I would have replaced it.I have fallen in love with cordless openers . I do not have a lot of counter space so a big plugin model was out of the question.I bought this one in hopes it would work as well as the B&D. ; It does the job as well as the B&D ; did if not better except for one point . It 's a lot noisier . I do n't mind this aspect since generally no one is trying to sleep when I 'm cooking.Overall , I would give it a 5 star , but I 'm knocking 1 star off for the noise . But , I 'm adding another star because it looks like W.C. Fields.Total 5 stars !
 Because I have hand issues , and , well heck , let 's just say ... I have issues , the original Black & Decker one that came out years ago was given to me as a gift . It was really great , but also had some disadvantages . So , when it finally gave out , I could not find another one and finally landed on this Hamilton Beach one here on Amazon.Hamilton Beach 76500 Walk 'N Cut Cordless Can Opener . It is even better than my original one ! Once you get past the slight trickiness of getting it on the can in the first place , then it 's super easy from there.It is small , stands up on its own -LRB- and in a little space -RRB- , and the charge , at least on mine , lasts for a very long time . Still . And please note
 This was a replacement for a previously purchased one that I had for over 10 years . I love the fact that is is small and takes up no room as I have an extremely small kitchen . Very easy to use . Will go to the the end of the earth to find another replacement if needed !!!
 This is the second one I have purchased . The old one lasted at least 5 years and had to be replaced because the battery would n't take a charge anymore . I think I only recharged the other one less than a handful of times in the entire time I owned . I like the way it works - snap it on a can and it walks around the can on its own until the can is opened . It does n't take up much room in a drawer either . I 'm quite happy with it .
 WORKS GREAT THIS IS OUR SECOND ONE DROPPED THE OTHER . SMALL ENOUGH TO FIT IN A DRAWER DOES N'T TAKE UP COUNTER SPACE
 I have been so underwhelmed by the can openers that are out there , both manual and electric . The last manual can opener I purchased lasted exactly one use . Ridiculous . I did a ton of looking around , comparing and reading reviews , checking prices and narrowed it all the way down to this one . I bought it from Amazon because they had the best price and I have NEVER been disappointed with the service here.The Hamilton Beach Walk 'N Cut has only been a member of the household for a few weeks , but has been used on lots of tiny and enormous cans alike . So far , I can say that I am pleased with it . The added entertainment in the kitchen for the kids makes it fun , too . It opens quickly , cleanly and is very simple to operate . As long as you know how a can opener is supposed to be placed in order to open a can , you will be able to attach this one . I also like that it can be recharged rather than having to be plugged in . It is easier to use this way.Right now , I will recommend this one wholeheartedly . Never thought I would find a can opener that I like . I hope it lasts . If there are any updates , I will post them .
 I got this for my mom on Christmas to replace her old , discolored , and loud can opener . She loves it !
 I am very petite and have really small hands . Openeing cans and jars has always been a hassle . This is really helpful for me . I would be very willing to buy one if needed every year at this price but I hope I do n't have to . I have had mine several months and I am just now rechargeing it for the first time . I have droped it twice and it still works . It takes a little practice to learn to seat it on the can but that is the only down side so far . My two teens also like it but my husband prefers a manual opener . I think it would be great for anyone who has a hard time with cans and does n't want to clutter up counters . Now I need a good jar opener that is not the closest male in my house.Edit 7/29/12 . I still have this and I still really love it . I am not an easy person to impress but it is so much easier for me than a regular can opener . I had let the battery die and had to make a dish that uses 5 cans the other day and boy was I bitter . That said , my husband and one of my two teens do not like it . Then they have big hands . My teen that will actually cook does also perfer it . So it may not be for everyone , but if you have a hard time with cans I 'd try it . Do n't misplace your charger , it 's easy to do because it does n't really need charged all that often .
 This is the best can opener I 've had in a whileHolds a charge for a long timeOpens quickly without messHighly recommend
 This is the best can opener ever . It is small and stores away in your kitchen drawer . I had one for 10 years before I had to replace it . The charge lasts for weeks .
 I 've had this item for several years now and it 's exceeded my expectations . I only have to plug it in to charge about 1 day every other month . It is great ! It 's easy to fit onto cans and it even works on cans that are bent . After being dropped a few times the front popped off but it popped right back on and works like it did the first day it got it . I 'm buying more for gifts for family members with arthritis .
 I just love this thing , No more messy under the cabinet mounted , space grabbing , groddy can openers anymore . This little baby opens , cans very well and store neatly in a drawer . It cleans easily as well . The neatest thing is watching it work , it scoots right around the can on its own . It takes a bit of practice to get it on the can but if you have ever used a manual can opener it should be no problem . Still it is very easy to do . The only thing would be to hold onto a can that is very small while it goes around as the can could tip over . All in all a great little machine !
 I am really enjoying this little can opener . It is also compact for easy storage . So far no problems . I had a hard time locating it . I was happy to find it hear . I have heard alot of good things about this one .
 This little can opener works like a charm for me . I 'm left handed and I need a can open that is automatic . Lefties and hand can openers do n't get along . Electric has to sit on the counter and I did n't want that either . So I purchased this one hopeing it would do the job . It worked . Being left-handed usually takes time to adapt , I did n't need lessons , it attached right away , and away it went around the can . So instead of looking ackward opening a can , it 's now fun to watch the little fella run around the top of the can .
 I love this little can opener . It walks itself around cans , it takes up no space and has n't given me any crap !! Perfect for me !
 I found this product -LRB- Hamilton Beach 765 -- Walk 'N Cut cordless can opener -RRB- to be impossible for my aged hands to use and it is now useless in a drawer but will finally end up in the garbage .
 It IS a little hard to line up and get started cutting sometimes . And when it 's cutting , it sounds like it might just die at any time . But the thing takes the lids off , even from 3 lb Coffee cans , and it 's about the size of a fist . I do n't really need to use it over and over without charging , so ca n't comment on charge life -LRB- plus , the charger is right there , so I just leave it plugged in , mostly -RRB- .
 Great product . 5 star rating is not enough . Shaped a bit like a softball , but once you get past the shape you agree it is a great product priced right
 Got the opener for my mom and she really likes it . She said it is a little hard to get on a small can , but likes it for the most part . Runs good .
 The can opener is a little hard to figure out the first few times you use it . You have to set it on the can at just the right angle for it to be able to operate . But it can open all sizes of cans , from the tiniest to the institutional size . I like that it does n't take up hardly any counter space and that it is cordless and rechargable . I would definitely buy it again .
 This was a replacement of an old one I had . I love it . Bought two as they are not made anymore .
 This is what I have always been waiting for . Now you can throw all the other can openers in the trash . This unit works great . Jim
 I bought the can opener for my Mom since her 's was broken . She loves the opener . It 's simple and easy to operate which is good since my Mom is 83 years old . The delivery time was fast . I was afraid I was going to have to buy her a cheap opener until she received the cordless but I did n't . She received it in just a few days .
 I had one of these for 15 years and finally the battery would n't hold a charge - bought this one to replace a great handy little canopener
 My wife is a stroke victim . When an electric re-chargable can opener failed we replaced it with an unlike device as the original was unobtainable . She could not successfully use the replacement as it required the use of two hands . We found this device through your web site and ordered it . We are both quite pleased with its utility and ease of use .
 This is my third Walk 'N Cut openner ... my only issue is that the battery dies but like most batteries they do n't charge after a few years so throw it out and buy another one . The neat thing about this can openner is that it really works ... the are or magnet is removable for clean up ... my family really likes this openner and is used daily in our kitchen . The best battery one I have found on the market .
 This is the 2nd can opener I 've worn out . This one opens large industrial cans , without a struggle . I paid $ 20 . for the One Touch can opener what a waste . It ca n't even cut through the metal . This Hamilton Beach can opener is the Best !!! I am a band mom and we have field show event that last all day . We continually use this rechargable can opener to open large cans of chili , nacho cheese you name it this can opener can handle it .
 Not ergonomic . I got it to help with opening cans as my arthritis makes this difficult in the wintertime . It is very hard to use and does not `` fall '' into position for use . I have a feeling I will really grow to dislike this tool .
 After having this canopener once before and then losing it to the sink -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- , I bought and tried using -LRB- or struggling with -RRB- the gizmo . Needless to say , the gizmo met a fate not unlike my original Walk 'N Cut - but it was intentional this time . The HB Walk 'N Cut is much easier to use and has no clumsy base to try and manipulate the unit in and out of like the gizmo . Just a small cord to plug into the back and that 's it ! Use it with or without the cord plugged in . This thing is a breeze !
 I have several of these , for different places . Only can opener I will ever use . It is very easy to use and lasts forever . If I am without it , I open cans with a knife because I will never use any other type of can opener than this one . I had to pay a lot more for a couple of these at K-Mart since I could n't find mine and bought 2 in case they discontinue them . Anyone who ca n't cut into a can with this must be extremely weak . These are energy saving and great for traveling , camping , emergencies , outside use , etc. . They are very space saving and you do n't have to worry about cords and finding electricity . A charge lasts several months .
 Just got this and love the way it easily attaches to the can and just takes off . Arthritis prevents me from using my hand held can opener and I do n't like kitchen appliances sitting out on the kitchen counter . This is small enough to store in the utensil drawer and it re-charges very quickly . At only $ 20 - even it if only last a year , it is a find . I am giving several of my older family members this for Christmas .
 We replaced a Black & Decker Gizmo Can Opener with the Hamilton Beach 76500 Walk 'N Cut Cordless Can Opener.Unlike the Gizmo , this is all one piece with the recharge cord plugging directly into the unit instead of a seperate charging unit . This is something we actually liked about the product.Both my wife and I had problems using this can opener at first . We were used to placing the can opener on the can and pressing down on the blade portion to start it . I figured out this one operates in reverse from the Gizmo . You have to hold the blade steady and twist the main body upward to get it going . Once we figured this out there were no more problems.Although it was a bit pricey for a can opener , the product is otherwise satisfactory and we are happy with the purchase .
 I had to replace this after 7 years . It works great . Opens all size cans . Battery last a very long time . It fits in a drawer . I HAD to replace my old Walk n Cut with a new one .
 Really its just a can opener . Our old wall mounted unit died after 7 years . This was the replacement she chose , She liked that it was small and battery powered/rechargeable . She really likes that she can place it on the can instead of hanging the can click it on and let it just go around the can .
 I have used and broken many can openers . I bought this one I was blown away by how well it works . I absoltely love it !
 I have used this can opener several times . There is a learning curve on how to get it to work but once you read directions and get the hang of it it is very easy to use . It is kind of noisy but I can handle it for the short time it takes for that thing to zoom around the can . I found it better then the side opener that is advertised on TV . The rechargeable feature is great , do n't have to replace batteries or have it get stuck in the middle of opening a can . Very nice .
 This a great opener . Works flawlessly ever time I 've used it . I would definitely recommend this opener to anyone looking for an opener .
 I love the hands free rechargeable can opener by Hamilton Beach.Just lock it on the can and away it goes.Not made for small cans like tuna , but great for everything else .
 This is really a great can opener . I seem to have a lot of trouble with most can openers & odd size cans , i.e. smaller than normal or larger than normal . Even big coffee cans are easy to open with this one ! It does take some practice figuring out exactly how to line it up , but once you get it , the opener does a great job . Holds a charge well , opens a lot of cans before having to re-charge . Small enough to fit in a drawer , so it 's one less thing sitting out in my way.If you 're tired of wrestling with ordinary can openers , try this one - it 's great !
 It 's small , cordless you can keep it on the counter or stored in a drawer . It opens big and small cans . It can also amuse people watching this little can opener , going round , cutting the can open.We gave it an initial charge , with the supplied charger and it worked for three months before having to recharge.Of course it depends on how often you use the can opener . We bought many other types of electrical one 's before this one and always ended up in the gaaaarbage or given them away . This one Stays .
 Yep , it 's uncanny , extraordianry and incredible the way this compact can opener trots around a can as it cuts . Just attach to the can , and there we go . The lid is removed cleanly and quickly . Then , the Walk 'n Cut turns off automatically.It opens any size can from a one serving juice can to a 16 oz . can of ravioli , and it has a removable cutting lever which easily lifts off for cleaning -LRB- no more dried tomato sauce stuck to your opener ! -RRB- . The Walk 'n Cut is cordless and rechargeable . Put it on your counter , as it is an attractive implement , or tuck it away in a drawer.Wish more of my kitchen necessities did the walking for me !
 I purchased one for my wife as a Christmas present . It walks around the can by itself which seems very strange when you see this for the first time . What else can one say . It does what it is suppose to do . Charge life is good . The price is good . We have no issue nor dislikes concerning this product .
 This is GREAT . I bought it back in April , charged it up and its been running since . Although I do not use it everyday , but it still sees some action . It opens cans of all shapes and sizes . It just glides around and works effortlessly . The magnet is great also , so it can prevent unneccessary cuts by the lid . I love this product.M.T .
 I bought this product cause i wanted something that was different and take up less space . It works great and looks very updated in my kitchen . I dont have to worry about more cords being plugged in on my counter . Its small and opens up my cans wonderfully . I can get it started and walk off to do something really quick and it shuts off automatically when the can is opened . It walks right around my can while it sits on my counter so dont have to worry about standing there and holding the can waiting for it to be finished . I use my opener everday and have only had to plug it in once to recharge its battery and the lenght to recharge the battery was only about 2 hours . Its a very good product and well worth the price . Im sure it wont let it down .
 This is a nice little opener that is good for almost all cans . It does work on the big heavy duty coffee cans but it struggles . Everything else ... no problem . On a full charge with normal everyday type usage I might have to recharge it once every 3-4 weeks . I had one before and threw it out after about 2 years because it would n't hold a charge . I read in the instructions on this one that the batteries can be replace from Radio Shack but for $ 14 I 'm not even sure it is worth it ... you ca n't beat it 's convienence for the money . I bought a few of them for friends too .
 easy to use . My 9 y/o uses it all the time
 It works as advertised . Does not take that long to figure out how it works . So far I am very happy with this purchase .
 This compact can opener works great as long as you keep it fully charged . If the battery is even a little bit low , then it does not have enough torque to keep going . I keep it plugged all the time , and it works great on small can to big can .
 I 've had other cordless electric can openers before , and so far this one is outperforming them . We use it a couple times a week , and by now the other ones have stopped working . I like that it does n't have to sit out on the counter like conventional openers too . This unit holds a good charge , cuts through the heavier cans well , is small enough to store in the silverware drawer . I am very happy with this product .
 I bought this can opener over a year ago when we remodeled our kitchen and got rid of our large , under-cabinet-mounted can opener we 'd had for years . We were adding an appliance garage to our kitchen and wanted something small and out-of-the way that would be easily available when we needed it . This little can opener really fit the bill . I LOVE IT !!! Every time I use it , I 'm reminded how glad I am that I bought it - in spite of some of the reviews . It IS a little tricky to learn how to use at first , but we keep it plugged in and ready to use in our appliance garage and it works like a charm EVERY time . I love showing it off to guests because it 's just so cute and it 's a little powerhouse - opening large cans just as well as little ones . You can just walk away and do other things while it 's doing its work - EXCEPT for the tiny little cans -LRB- like tomato paste -RRB- when you have to hold on to it or it will tip over . Do n't hesitate to buy this - it 's the best little can opener in the world !
 Performs well , but a bit hard to get started working -LRB- touchy start-trigger -RRB- . Opens 5 or 6 regular cans before needing recharged . I only have one usable hand , and appreciate not needing to touch it once it gets going .
 Small and light weight but yet powerful enough to do any size can . I would buy this for any family member
 After going through several can openers , I decided to give this one a try . It works great !!! Easy to use , no spills . Long battery life .
 A nice cordless can opener but be aware it has to be charged . There are times when it is difficult because of the shape to get it to connect to the top of the can for initial puncture .
 Takes a little getting used to but once you do , you will be happy with it . It takes up so little space that I store it in a draw . I would order again when need arises .
 I have 2 of them becuase of 2 houses . Both work great i have only had to charge them 3 times becuase they hold a great charge.I love the removable blade for cleaning.One thing about it is hard to line up but i get it on anyway.I recomend this product .
 I bought this for my wife because she wanted something that was easy to use . Worked like a charm right out of the box . Used almost daily
 This can opener does an awesome job . It took me a while to figure out how to place it on the can , but once I figured it out , it worked . In comparison
 I have mine for 3 years and it worked flawlessly . I am missing my charger/adapter and ca n't find a manual to see the charger type and the output . If any one can look at there charger back and look at the information and share with me I would appreciate it . TIAJoe
 I have always liked this kind of canopener because they work on any kind of can and they are easy to start , then they go around by themselves . This one is even better than my old one because you can plug the charger into the back of the unit so you always get a good charge .
 We had a can opener like this for ten years and loved it . Ca n't find it in stores so ordered from Amazon and got a lemon . Had to send it back . Wish we had gotten one in good condition because it 's a great product !
 What a great little product . It opens any size can with ease , is simple to work , takes up little space and is easy to clean , a perfect choice .
 Lovely cards . I sent these as thank you notes to the volunteers at our cat shelter and received great compliments on them . Good quality . Would buy again .
 A very nice set of note cards . All different art . Great for any cat lover to use , or a super gift for a cat lover .
 I almost gave these away to my niece but hated to part with them ! They are too cute to part with !
 I ordered these from someone 's Christmas wish list . She and I agreed that they were very cute . We were glad the were as nie as they were
 Very satisfied with this product . Love it ! Exactly what I thought it would be . Wouldfor sure purchase this item again .
 These cards are very nice . You 'll love to send 'em as much as your friends will love to recieve 'em .
 This sturdy and weighty piece of weather-monitoring equipment looks quite lovely hanging on our living room wall.I was a bit skeptical at the price , but after reading many helpful reviews on Amazon and other sites , I decided to go ahead and risk getting this barometer , sight-unseen as it were.I am not disappointed . it appears to be very solid , it came with a simple yet almost ingenious way to hang it on the wall ... easy and allowing one to take the barometer down as desired.Easy to calibrate -LRB- if necessary -RRB- and very pretty in it 's simplicity . I am very pleased with this purchase and would be quite inclined to buy another one as a gift should the appropriate situation arise .
 This item is being given as a gift and so I ca n't yet speak to the fitness of the product . Dealing with the seller all went well . Thank You .
 I have the 10 '' pan and I find it the best range top piece in my kitchen . For the fan of a hefty , solid pan .
 I 'm very happy with this entire transaction !! The blinds arrived quickly and were exactly what I wanted for a GREAT price !!!! I highly recommend and I 'll more than likely be back !!
 I have had one of these blades for years , bought it in a little knife shop down in Carmel for $ 60.00 that was 12 years ago . I have a friend whose a chef who covets my knife so I figured Id look on Amazon and unbelivably they had it and it was still $ 60.00 . I know guns and knives pretty well and I would say that blade is worth between $ 150.00 - $ 200.00 no problem . It also makes a fantastic fillet knife for large fish like White Sea Bass . I see the deckhands on the dive boats I frequent with a more comercial kithen knife white handle but same blade configuation .
 I got this knife after being in MI and seeing all the charter boat aptins using is to cut up all the fish . I have never seen a knife just slide right though a 20lb samon without any effort . I have used other kifes and electric ones in the past . This putts all other knifes to shame . Lets just start with the fact this is a 12inch blade you might not need this but once you get used to it you can go through fish like nothing . I have also gotten the 8 inch breaking knife and another great knife . If you want to cut alot of meat and fast this is your knife . If you want an extremly sharp durable knife this si the knife .
 I have had one of these blades for years , bought it in a little knife shop down in Carmel for $ 60.00 that was 12 years ago . I have a friend whose a chef who covets my knife so I figured Id look on Amazon and unbelivably they had it and it was still $ 60.00 . I know guns and knives pretty well and I would say that blade is worth between $ 150.00 - $ 200.00 no problem . It also makes a fantastic fillet knife for large fish like White Sea Bass . I see the deckhands on the dive boats I frequent with a more comercial kithen knife white handle but same blade configuation .
 The item shipped quickly and was as described in the post . This cookie cutter should be great for making sugar cookies : -RRB-
 I am very pleased with my Chakra candle . The smell from just the candle alone is great . It is made with palm wax and essential oils ! The candle burns great so far , I am very happy .
 I bought these as a gift for my daughter , thinking they were her pattern . But , unfortunately , there was a little variation and did not match exactly . Sorry , but had to return .
 This product is ideal for learning how to play Chinese Chess . It 's small enough to carry around with you and it also is decent quality . The hinges are a little cheap , but everything else is wonderful . Great board for the inquiring player .
 Color and size exactly what I anticipated . Very easy to attached to its matching bedframe . Comes mostly put together , required a lot less time and thought to complete than I was expecting . Is lightweight but solid , a good purchase for the price .
 fast service ... packaged well . adorable product ! will definetely do more business with them !
 I bought this last week . Assembling was very easy , hardly took 15 mins . My son now sits only on this since it 's very colourful . Excellent for kids 1.5-6 yrs . He plays in this , writes , colours everything on this now . Some times he drags this all the way to living room to watch tv sitting on this chair . He likes to sit on this more than $ 2000 worth of sofa set . I recommand this to all kids of similar age .
 I got this product today and was first impressed by how sturdy it felt . Assembly consisted of screwing on the legs . My only complaint is that the stools are more suited to younger kids -- they are kind of short . However , my 6yo told me he loves it.I believe this table is best suited to 3-5 year olds .
 We got this table 4 years ago and have used it several times a week since then . We absolutely love it ! It 's fun in appearance and in use , with the cartoonish race cars and bright colors . The basket in the center is great for holding little toys , etc. , and the stools are strong enough for adults as well!Highly recommend this table and stools ! We actually bought two sets of them , so we 'd have the extra seating . Loads of fun , and by the way , they do n't take up much space either !
 I bought this when it was on sale for 15 bucks . My 16 month old son likes to play with the drawer . He always pulls the drawer out and try to figure out on how to put it back in . I placed this set in his bedroom and it looks really cute in there , but my son will take the stool in the living room so he can sit on it while having fruit snacks or crackers , or while watching Little Einstein . The other stool is in my bedroom -LRB- I am using it as a step stool -RRB- .
 I bought this for my two year old and she loves it . We put her crayons in the net in the middle and she 's always over there coloring . She 's a bit too short to just reach into the net so she has to kind of lay down on the table and it stands up to that VERY well . Good sturdy stools too . And its also very easy to clean up .
 My 21-month-old son is obsessed with toy cars and trucks . He was constantly lining them up on window sills until I found this table . The table and stools are just the right size for little kids and is decorated in a fun car pattern . The legs are secured with metal fasteners making it nice and sturdy to hold up to the abuse of four toddler boys ! There is a slight lip around the table to keep the cars from falling off with normal play and slight pushes . The net in the center of the table catches toys to the delight of my boys . This was a great value and I have been very happy with my purchase . I just wish I could buy extra stools ...
 I just got my Table set for my 6 months old son . They are very sturdy . Although it does not say the weight limit , I think the stool can hold an adult . With such a price , you can not ask for more !
 Our son LOVES cars and trucks . We purchased this set for him and it has provided hours of fun . The center section for storing little cars is perfect and he loves to do everything at this table from coloring to eating a snack . It was super easy to assemble and good quality .
 just received this for my 4-year-old . it was packaged very well with a box inside a box . the table itself was insulated and the wooden legs were protected with plastic . it took under 10 minutes to screw on all the legs and i did n't need the phillips screwdriver the directions suggested . it 's gorgeous , really . the graphics are bold and colorful and the wood is finished very well . the table itself is a little higher -LRB- 20 inches -RRB- than i thought it would be but i 'd say it 's perfect for 4-5 year old child . The diameter is 24 inches and the stool height is 10 inches . if you put a tray over the center where the net is to catch cars , then it 's also a great craft table . very multipurpose . the only other suggestion is i would check that the legs are tightly screwed on fairly often to avoid mishaps . my son is thrilled and i 'm very pleased with this purchase , especially for $ 14 !!
 We love this product immensely . It works great , for the month plus that we have had it , it has not needed new batteries . We love all the features on it , including humidity inside and outside , the atomic clock , and the capacity for more remote sensors . We plan to purchase another remote sensor for the upstairs of our house . The only thing that has not been helpful for us on it is the forecast picture . In the directions it says to put the remote sensor in an area that is not in direct sun , but in direct view of the sky -LRB- in my own words of course -RRB- . Well , I have found this to be difficult to accomplish . We have settled with out of direct sun . As a result the forecast goes from rainy , cloudy , and sunny , all within a day , with no possible chance here in California of having rain in the summer , so that part of the device is not useful at all . But the unit itself looks very nice , so we would recommend this product to anyone who does not care about the forecast part of it .
 We use this to monitor the temperature and humidity in our child 's room , it seems to vary from the rest of that floor of the house . What 's nice is that little remote unit -LRB- not shown in the picture -RRB- can be placed almost anywhere , so for example we keep it on a bookshelf near the crib and at the same height , so we get a reading that 's very specific to where our child is . That 's important , as readings can vary greatly even within a room.There are a few minor issues : - The little wire stand used to keep the remote unit upright could be improved , it falls out some of the time if I pick up the unit to read the temp and humidity . - It 's a little confusing to set up , but has n't needed attention in a long time since then . - I think we have the contrast turned up to maximum on the base unit . The little light is useful -LRB- and often necessary -RRB- to read the display.But it 's been very useful , reliable and accurate -LRB- as far as I can tell -RRB- hence the high rating for our needs.But our needs may vary from yours , so consider that : - We do n't use the weather forecast , if we need weather we just check the internet . - We also do n't bother with the atomic clock , I 'm not sure it works well in the northeast anyway . - Since we use it indoors , we have n't run into any issues others have with the sensor being outdoors in the weather.It can support up to two remote sensors , plus the base unit . -LRB- Only one remote sensor is included . -RRB- It can be set to display any two of the three locations.Battery life seems long on both the main unit and the remote unit , given that they are essentially on 24/7/365 . The remote sensor is aOregon Scientific THGR122NX Wireless Temperature/Humidity Sensor , if you 're wondering what it looks like or you want a second one .
 I ca n't live without this thing . It shows the humidity , which I love because I get hot really quickly , and if I know how it 's going to be outside for the day , I can dress for it.It has lasted a long time , even with the remote part that you put outside . It 's very accurate also.I recently lost it during a move , and am dying without it . I will purchase another one for sure !
 Great to get inside and outside temperature and humidity , batteries last long enough , signal reception of outside sensor is very good . For weather forecast , my Tissot T-Touch watch is a lot more accurate . The Oregon may not be fit for tropical weather . The atomic clock sync does not work in Brazil , we do not have the required radio stations .
 The Helping Hand Handy Trap works great to prevent hair from going down the drain . It seals well against the tub floor . Can be used with the `` bump '' up or down to fit inside the drain . Works much better than any metallic trap of similar design and it is completely rust free . Very easy to clean and sanitize , too . On my third one ; I keep going back for more !
 I bought this item for its aesthetics back in summer 2003 from another e ` tailer . After waiting a month for delivery the item finally arrived.For a 42 '' plasma this unit is just perfect ! You have room to put a center speaker , receiver , and one game console on it.I have an &uuml;ber center speaker , the famous Onix Rocket RSC200 `` Bigfoot '' center speaker which weighs in at a whopping 46 lbs -LRB- 21 kg -RRB- ! Since the glass shelf would never support the speaker 's weight I ended up modding the stand . =-RRB- I carefully removed the the top shelf and spray painted the inside of the shelf where it broke off from . The middle glass shelf is supported by two rubber stops on the inside of the left and right braces . I ended up taking a copper tube and cutting it so it fits on the inside , spray painting it black , and then reinforced the glass shelf . It fit perfectly over the rubber stops , and holds the center speaker great ! Unless one knows specifically what to look for , you would never notice the stand had been modified.Sitting on the couch the speaker 's height off the ground provides excellent sound stage for movie dialog . I would _ highly _ recommend you place your 5.1 center speaker below your display to enhance your movie experience.Since aesthetics is only half the picture , you will be glad to know that the back stand was easy to place the 42 '' plasma on it and is sturdy.Now a days with more then 2 gadgets -LRB- such as receiver , game consoles , set-top boxes , etc. -RRB- you will probably want to find another stand . Thought if you are able to constrain the electronics to just the bare minimum this stand is an excellent choice.Overall , I would rate this item as : Aesthetics
 I actually have been running this model 24x7 for over a year.No problems or issues whatsoever . I do not use tapwater however - either bottled water or brita filtered water . The ice cubes taste better that way .
 This is my first portable icemaker , but it has worked great fo me . Sure , you have to run lemon juice through it at first and toss out the first few batches of ice to avoid poor tasting cubes , but it has performed well up to this point . This icemaker had the best customer satisfaction rating of any of the icemakers in this price range , and I would buy it again . It Makes quality ice fast !
 I was skeptical about this ice maker , but have been very happy with it . We always need more ice for family dinners , BBQ 's and parties . This was the perfect buy for us . It is great for the price and easily store it in the garage when it is not needed . My kids love the shape of the ice cubes too .
 My husband and I live in Arizona and temps are abovt 100 degrees for about three months straight . After lugging bags of ice from Wal-Mart we bought our SPT unit . We have had it three years ; it has run all day , every day since we received it and just now needs replacing because of a plastic part , not the compressor . We will try to fix it , but are willingly ordering another because we ca n't face the summer without it!Jacque in AZ
 All I can say , sweet and short is , this appliance is awesome . I had bought it years ago just to have extra ice . Then the fridge icemaker broke . OMG 5 kids in the house . I am saying from my experience this is one of the best gadgets I have ever bought . Never has failed , unless I fail to add water . I have never contacted the company because We have NEVER had an issue . We brought this on a camping trip years ago with bottle water gallons , let me tell you , even if they did not like me they loved the ice !! By the way I am not being paid for this endorsement ... promise
 I purchased it just before we went on a week-long camping trip . It makes ice very quickly and it made all of the ice that we needed for all of the coolers and for drinks , too . It makes some noise , however not excessive , but that was somewhat expected . I think it is a great product and would recommend it to anyone .
 I am so glad that I bought this Ice makerit is small enough to put on my counter yet big enough to supply me and my family with enough Ice for our days at the park or just a cold soda at home . it is one of the things that was well worth the cost . I just love it . no more going to the store for that forgotton Ice bag.BlessingsMaryRita
 Bought this as a gift ... was put into use immediately and is a workhorse ! Everyone loved it and the ice , while not clear , tasted just fine . We are thinking about using distilled water or filtered water to see if the ice is clearer . Ran out of regular ice , turned this on , and had enough ice for everyone 's drinks . Awesome !
 Tired of buying expensive bags of ice from the stores ? Tired of waiting days on end for ice cube trays to make ice in the freezer ? Do n't have an automatic ice maker in the freezer?Then it 's time to get this wonderful machine ! It will keep you supplied with ice cubes for all of your needs ! Makes tons of ice and you 'll never have to buy another bag of ice at all !! ~ Daquan13 .
 Recommended by one of my cooking magazines , these are perfect for saute'ing , frying , and cooking .
 it really looks nice on my shelf , I have 2 , one in verticle another one in horizontal , matched .
 The coffee maker is simple to set up , everyone can use it and the hot plate shuts off before the coffee burns . Great product and great price .
 This is the cleanest and easiest way to make and serve fresh coffee for hours .
 Bought this three years ago and fix 7-8 cups of coffee every morning . Looks good , coffee tastes good , and very convenient , UPDATE March 2012 . . Still works great after 6 years of use now and have had no problems with it . I brew 8 cups of coffee every morning .
 I am pretty happy with this coffee maker . It is very important to clean it every 4 to 6 wks . with a coffee machine cleaner or vinegar and water . I run it through several times . We have well water and the minerals build up in it . I find that if we do n't clean it regularly it starts to leak out on the counter from underneath . I do keep it on a towel most of the time in case it happens . I also found that I need to take a little olive oil and a q-tip and oil around the button that is where the coffee comes out into your cup . If it is n't oiled periodically it sticks and the coffee will just pour out that button and not stay in the built in carafe . I know it sounds like a pain but I really like the way I can stick my cup under it and get coffee and I do n't have to deal with a pot . I have RA and in the morning when my hands are stiff I do n't like worrying about dropping a pot of coffee , it has happened ... There is a new model out and when this one is done I plan on trying it . It makes a great hot cup of coffee , turns off when it has been on long enough so no worries about leaving it on when you leave the house .
 Great machine!I always disliked the fact that coffee carafes had two functions ; 1 -RRB- to hold the coffee and 2 -RRB- to pour the coffee but they failed to do the second very well - coffee always ended up dripping/spilling when pouring a cup of coffee . I got tired of the mess so when I saw this dispenser type coffee maker I wanted to try it out . This machine is great ! It keeps coffee hot and fresh and no spills . It is so impressive that my folks and my sister have one too.Buy one , you will end up spending less on coffee because this keeps coffee fresher and hotter longer than typical coffee makers !
 I owned a coffee pot like this for years and it finally croked one day and i bought a similar kind but never satisfied with it until i saw a really good price for a new one and ordered right away and am waiting for it to arrive in the mail -LRB- ca n't wait -RRB-
 I know this is under the catagory of `` Kid 's Furnature '' and I do not understand why . This product went perfectly with my color scheme in the room . The draws are about average deepish and although the dresser is n't really tall , the lack of a few inches really does n't effect the usefulness of the dresser . The one thing I will remark on is that -LRB- although I had my father put it together for me -RRB- this thing is a task to build . It took a really long time , with a bunch of little peices . None of it comes pre-done . It took a long time , and my father got very frustrated . However , the product definately was worth it .
 I bought this pan from HSN a couple years ago and it came with a lid . It has been a hard-working , long lasting piece of cookware . It 's great for cooking large meals - it can easily fry 10 chicken thighs all at once , and is great for poaching fish or making large one-pan stovetop meals .
 I have been and Ultrex fan for years , since buying many items when it was on HSN even turned my mom onto it . But for some reason HSN stopped carrying it . Imagine how happy I was when I found it on Amazon.So , when I found it , I bought 2 of these 14 '' pans for my mom for Mother 's Day and had them shipped to her in Florida . She called to tell me she LOVES them . Only problem was due to there size -LRB- being so BIG -RRB- she could n't find a lid for them . Glad I bought her 2 cause she ended up inverting the second one and now is using it as a lid : - -RRB- What more can I say , other then , Guess it 's now my turn to buy a couple of these pans : - -RRB-
 These were purchased as a gift to go along with the 4-person setting of Hot Dots and 4 luncheon/dessert plates in the same design . Attractive , lightweight , and durable . Recipient was a 20-something and seemed very pleased .
 This was exactly like I expected it to be . A nice , sturdy bowl that could work on a daily basis for any family meal needs . I love the red touch on this . It 's a nice addition to the bowl and makes it a little special looking . I 'd recommend this product .
 These bowls are nice ! They are very strong and chip-resistant . I love them !
 Added an extra bowl to the Corelle Dinnerware set . You can never have too many .
 A very nice resin cast ornament from Hallmark depicting young Simba and his father Mufasa . The ornament is nicely sized with nice colouration subtleties . Hallmark has always done a great job depicting its characters and this is no exception .
 Exactly what I was looking for , at a good price . My little girl is going to be so excited this year !
 Great product , easy to use and folds away with minimum of fuss . No problems with ironing all types of garments . Leg lock is also useful when storing . Highly recommended .
 You ca n't tell from the photo or -LRB- lack of -RRB- description so I thought I should write a review . This is a full-sized ironing board , very light weight , and comes with a cover so you do n't have to buy one , as with many boards . Easy to set up and take down .
 I have owned several ironing boards in my life . Many of them were quite expensive . This is one of the greatest . Its value is its weight . The idea of lifting a regular ironing board out of its closet and setting it up gets more and more daunting as time goes on , and I get older . This board is wonderful . It is very light and also easy to set up . I recommend it highly . Its slightly small size also makes it easier to find a storage space for it .
 surprisingly light and no assembly required . very easy to use ; no problems with the release button , like one of the reviewers mentioned . definitely a good purchase for someone who needs an ironing board that 's not too fancy . it 's a full-size board ... i do n't think that was clear from the description .
 This was a great sturdy T-leg Iron board that I 'm sure will last for some time ; excellent price .
 It does what it 's supposed to do . It 's kind of shaky , but as of yet , it has n't fallen down when I 've been ironing , so it 's fine .
 This ironing board is good , functional and tough . It is easy to fold , stable and does its job greatly . I 'd recommend it .
 I have been using the Iron board for only 1 week but so far I have not seen any problems . It stores nice , and you can adjust the height . Not bad for a cheap iron board .
 This is a very respectable product for the price . Shipping was very fast .
 I bought these salad plates as a Christmas gift for a friend ; she loves the china pattern and hopes to add pieces to her set . These are lovely , classic china pieces . They are fantastic !
 I saute lots of vegetables every week and feel that a 12 '' fry pan is just not large enough to move them around easily without making a mess . Being 13.5 inches in diameter , this pan give me some extra room for stirring and turning . The sides are nice and high too . It 's also very easy to clean !
 I bought this pan so I could fry/saute up 4 vegi burgers at a time , a 12.5 '' pan might have been big enough . The pan does not let food stick and it is big enough to fry 4 burgers at a time . I was n't sure about the disk in the middle of the pan and I pretty much ignore it , it turns a solid red when the pan is hot . I did not give this pan 5 stars because of its weight . it 's very light and i did notice the cooking oil bubbling in the center but not out at the edges . Maybe that 's my technique or maybe it 's because it does n't hold heat well . So ... 4 stars because it does what it 's supposed to do but only 4 because it 's so lightweight .
 perfect non-stick surface -- doesnt stick at all to any foods -LRB- eggs , protein , pasta , veggies -RRB- -- and has lasted many uses . highly recommended .
 After looking for a good non stick frypan , I purchased this one . I am using the pan right now and seems to work fine for me . The only thing with the pan is its weight and size . But then the information is already mentioned in the product details , so nothing to crib about . The size works great for cooking a large quantity of food . I am happy with the purchase .
 MY HUSBAND DOES MOST OF THE COOKING AND ABOUT A YEAR AGO I BOUGHT OUR FIRST T-FAL FRY PANS , THE 3 PIECE SET , SOLD ON AMAZON . HE LIKED THEM SO WELL WE HAVE ADDED A COUPLE LARGER ONES WHICH HE LIKES EVEN BETTER . HE LIKES THE ROOMIER , LARGE SKILLETS THE BEST . IT IS A GREAT PRODUCT .
 ive had it about 2.5 weeks so far and it works wonderfully , i dont even need to use butter or oil everything just slides right off . i cant speak for its long term viability as even though i never use metal tools in it or a scrub brush -LRB- i try to wash it by using only water and my fingers -RRB- it already has a few small scratches on the bottom of it . I also bought a set of circulon skillets at the same time , definitely better quality but again , you get what you pay for .
 This is an amazing frying pan and I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves to cook . You can fit 4 full size bone-in pork chops in here at once - just to get an idea of the size . It 's the best !
 The frying pan is very versatile . The size of the pan lets you cook more at one time . I have been able to cook two large steaks in the same pan which usually need two pans to prepare . The pan is also very easy to clean . Very sticky food is cleaned off very easily.I have tried other brands of frying pans and have always returned to T-fal .
 Got this for my mom for Christmas and it has performed liked a champ . Basically , we use this and a sauce pan to cook pretty much everything so this pan gets a ton of use . So far , it has proven to heat evenly and not even eggs will stick to it - which is incredible considering how often it 's used and subsequently washed . It says dishwasher safe but we 've been washing by hand with great results . If you like nonstick , you owe it to yourself to check into getting a T-fal
 I am very happy with the new frying pan ! It is big enough to get the job done with a big family . I really like the handle on the opposite side for safe lifting . ` Could not find anything like this , as far as size , on the market . So thanks for having a very useful product for me . Wish it came with lid .
 it looks a little flimsy but it does the job . When I ordered , I did not realize I was ordering a big size so I was surprise how big it was when I got it . I am happy anyway
 Just an FYI if you are wondering . I love my T-fal skillet , I actually have a 10 '' . But , my new induction cooktop says no way .
 I would recommend these to anyone-Despite being incredibly cheap , they out - perform the very expensive &#34; Big Name &#34; Pans . Buy these -- you wo n't be sorry ! Save the others for the &#34; Label Buyers &#34;
 This pan with its double handles is a great family sized skillet . It is super easy to clean and cook in with heating being evenly disbursed across the bottom .
 This pan exceeds my expectations . The nonstick is great and I have not needed non stickcooking spray with this pan .
 This is a very good pan . I almost purchased it at a local store but found with the Amazon Pricecheck app that it was about $ 15 cheaper on Amazon ... so ordered it online.Well balanced pain with a nice handle in the front to help with lifting . We have been using it for about 2 months now and really like it .
 High quality , perfectly flat , beautiful pan . Buying another ! What else can I say . Cheap price for the quality and convenience .
 I love T-fal brand cookware . It is durable , non stick coating is perfect , and cooks well . This pan is on par with all other T-fal cookware.Highly recommend .
 Seriously , these are the best LARGE non-stick pans . The red dot lets you know when it is hot enough to cook . Remember , overheating makes any non-stick pan lose the non-stick quality , use the dot ! The extra handle is needed because these are family size , but with it they are easy to lift . I just bought three more , the one I found in my local store three years ago finally got overheated -LRB- my wife -RRB- cooking sausages . Why three ? I am afraid they will stop making them in a couple of years when I ruin the next one .
 My family haqs been using Tfal for over 30 yrs , my got my mother one for mothersday in Germany back then . I love this one , just wish I could find a lid , so that I could do ALL my cooking in it . Truly non stick , makes perfect eggs pancakes steaks etc
 I ordered this because I was having company and we were having salmon steaks and I needed a pan big enough for eight med . steaks and my 9 and 10 inch pans would not work . This one sure did . And the T-Fal line has always been a favorite of mine . It even looks nice hanging up on my pot rack . Great pan at a great price !!!
 A decent nonstick pan . Been using it for about 5 months and have a couple of tiny marks where the coating flaked off after I way over-heated the pans , other than that it has worked great.The size of the pan is absolutely awesome for stir fry and/or cooking large quantities . 13.5 '' gives you roughly double the square area as 10-inch pan -LRB- 143 square inches vs. 78 -RRB- . The pan and handles have are also solid and have been very durable .
 I only use T-fal cooking ware it 's the top of the line for non stick pans also t-fal will far out last most non stick surfaces hands down
 I have had this pan about a month . It heats evenly and the non-stick surface works as it should . Easy to clean too . Reasonably priced .
 This is the first frying pan that actually can hold more food and cook just right . It wo n't burn or stick your food to the frying pan . It 's smooth , slick and fit the stove for cooking large volume of food without being overflowing . Nice handle for gripping and removing the pan . It has the red dot in the middle and when it lits up , it telling you it 's hot and ready to put food in . Love it !
 Fist let me say that im no expert chef.That being said I like this pan becauseit seems nothing sticks to it.My wife and I have always purchased tfal products.Most stores carry them even wallyworld.However they do not carry them this big.Cooking for a family has its challanges.The 2 handle steup makes it easy.The biggersize allows for a 1 pan for 1 item for a family.Yes size does matter .
 The pan arrived in two days with free shipping and is great ! No more cooking in batches because this pan holds so much more than the 10 inch one I was using . I use it for everything from burgers to noodle dishes . I use it almost daily and have had no problems with cleaning or anthing else . Would recommend this pan to anyone with a family that needs to cook on a regular basis .
 I bought this pan because it was one of the largest frying pans I could find at a reasonable price . The only disappointment I have is the fact that it was advertised as being 14 '' , yet 13.5 '' is printed directly on the product 's packaging . A half an inch is n't a huge deal , just a bit misleading in terms of advertising . I do n't know how well it works due to the fact that I purchased it as a gift for someone else .
 I recieved this in just a few days , but I was a little dissapointed in the size . I expected a REALLY big pan , and this was just a little bit bigger than the ones I can purchase in the stores.This is a good pan for frying etc , but do n't expect a huge pan .
 I bought this for my mother for Christmas , She is extremely happy with this Fry Pan
 This frying pan is fantastic.NONSTICK and Red dot in the middle helps me cooking a lot.Must be recommended to everyone ...
 We use an electric range , so the large element is fairly large . The other ones would leave 20 % of the elements ` hanging out ' . This addresses the problem , but it 's too shallow and flat for Chinese-style cooking . It 's about 2 '' or 2.5 '' deep . I 'd like to double that.Bought two . Returning the other one .
 I make breakfast every Sunday for my husband and I , and we LOVE bacon . This pan is perfectly sized to make many slices of bacon . The lip is high enough to keep the grease in the pan , and is not curved too much so the pieces stay flat making a much more even cooking space.I love this brand . I have an entire 12 piece set plus this new pan . The cooking surface temperature is always even and does not warp the pan . The best part , although not made in the USA but more important is that it is NOT made in China . - it is made in France . Is n't that country known for their cooking ? I would recommend T-fal to anyone .
 Have a smaller t fal pan and love it so decided to get a larger one . Best that I ever bought . If this lasts as long as my old pan -LRB- I will be old and grey -RRB- its worth more than what I paid for it
 I keep ordering them so I must like them , eh ? I seem to need to replace this about once a year when food begins to stick a bit . I love the size , it 's much larger than most other pans out there . Durability might be a question for some since I 'm replacing it yearly but it gets used for 2-3 meals a day , virtually every day so I think it holds up well under that usage .
 This product cooks evenly and cleans easily.This is what I expected from T-fal . You ask to much for a simple review !
 Really large , inexpensive , durable , what 's not to love ? I 've been using mine for almost two years and it 's holding up nicely . Heavy with sturdy handles on both sides . One reviewer said a spoon dented hers ; do n't believe it - mine would dent the floor if I dropped it . I love the size ! Stated 14 '' though it really measures 13.25 '' - large enough for a family . Only complaint is it 's missing a lid . I 'm seriously thinking of buying a spare .
 We desperately needed a new non-stick frying pan and this one so far has worked great . We 've had it for about a month now and already cooked and fried up many dishes . Not a single scratch is seen and it 's still as non-stick as the day we took it out of the packaging . It tool a little longer than initially said to be delivered , but it was worth the wait . The last one we had from T-fal lasted many years , and so far we think this one will too .
 The item arrived on time and I realized I ordered the wrong size . I immediately contacted my church who was preparing for a special breakfast event . I donated it to the church and it helped make a successful occasion .
 I love this pan . It is the perfect size for everything from frying a lb of bacon to making 6 hamburgers . Of course it cleans up wonderfully .
 I bought this pan for my Daughter-in-law for christmas . She cooks for two families and needed a larger skillet . She loves it ! Easy to clean , with an area large enough to do her famous vegetable stir frys . The second handle is a really great feature . Highly recommended .
 Oilcloth is cute & easy to clean . Just wipe up any mess with a damp sponge . No better way to apolster furniture for a baby .
 We use voice over IP , and this phone works great with it ! However , I am going to return it and get the Philips DECT phone , because 1 -RRB- the screen background is medium blue -LRB- is pretty -RRB- but with only slightly darker blue letters - hard to read . 2 -RRB- it does n't file numbers in the memory alphabetically - you have to enter # 1-50 to file it under.To me , that is a basic must for 2007 . I also have a hearing aid in 1 ear - it did n't screech when I put it up to it like other phones . If I can use it with this ear , instead of just the other one , that would be great !
 I purchased the dresser and nightstand . At first I was shocked because there is alot of assembly required . However , after it was done it is absolutely beautiful . The wood is very heavy and durable . Although I brought one nightstand , I plan on purchasing a second one and the mirror which I will put in storage .
 I had a tough time trying to get this dresser -LRB- 2 packages -RRB- shipped correctly to my house ! It was partially shipped and Target customer service misguided me about the shipping arrangements . That was handled poorly ! Target directed me to return the partial shippment with a full refund . Well I still wanted this dresser and come to find out it was cheaper than before . I ordered it again and received both packages at the same time ! If you spend more than 2 hours assembling it and use wood glue -LRB- not provided -RRB- things will stay intact . If you think your going to get a assembled dresser that is $ 500 - $ 700 at your local furniture store your a fool ! I do like the product I received but the overall buying furniture at Target experience could use improvement .
 I recently purchased the taller 6 drawer dresser along with 2 nightstands . Assembly did take a while but was worth the trouble . The wood is very good quality for the price . I was worried about damage to the products while they were in transit -LRB- which by the way arrived 1 week in advanced -RRB- but I only had one little scratch on the corner of one of the nightstands.I found out 2 days after putting the items together , that a furniture store here in my city is selling the exact same items made by ` Quebko ' which thay also import from Canada , for twice as much . I had to see it for myself , and it was true the exact same products . I was so thrilled for finding such a better deal!Overall very pleased with purchase , and I highly recommend to those of you wanting cool modern furniture for half the price , to look no more !
 I bought them because I like them . After a year they are just better and better . House guests who stay in very good hotels think they are great too .
 I purchased this item a month ago . Due to the bad weather in New York the delivery was a bit delayed but suprisingly came within 2 weeks . The assembly was pretty much easy . Although , the holes were n't all properly arranged for the screws to go into it was not too big of a problem . The color is a great match and it looks really sleek . I am satisfied .
 Nice design , easy to clean , nice aluninium touch makes it look like very high class items , and yet the price tag is unbelivablely low ! Great gift items for peopel moving into new homes or condos ...
 I have four dinner plates in this pattern . I learned that the pattern has been discontinued by Lennox . I was thrilled to find the smaller dessert plates . They came quickly and were packaged well so they survived the trip . And the prices were much more reasonable that the replacement companies .
 Because of the smaller size -LRB- than the seven I already had to add this -RRB- of the plate , I ended up having to return the item . My e-mail correspondence was handled courteously and promptly by the seller , and my credit card was credited expeditiously . I 'd definitely recommend this seller to anyone who appreciates excellent customer service .
 I was very pleased with the quality of the towel set . The bath towels are large , fluffy , and soft .
 Nice quality for price . I was expecting a darker color but I like this one .
 The pendulum wall clock is a beautiful addition to my livingroom . The design and finish are stunning . The construction is solid . It truly adds a rich elegance to the room . It has a night silence feature which is nice , but since the volume of the chimes is adjustable , I have chosen to have it ring at the same level all day.Only two things for me that brings this down from a 5 rating .1 The clock does not tick . I was hoping for the gentle `` tick tocking '' I would expect a clock like this to have2 The chime lacks a deep bell tone . The Westminster chime is beautiful , do n't misunderstand , but sometimes it sounds just a bit electronic -LRB- which it is -RRB- rather than the sound of a true chime .
 Received this beautiful clock in a timely manner - pun intended - and it was very well packaged ; you can set it to chime at certain hours , for instance if you do not want it to chime at night and have the clock chime during the day only , it can be set that way . The chime DOES sound real .
 I think that this clock is fantastic . The cabinetry is beautiful and I love the way it can chime on the 1/4 hour . The chime is electronic but I think that it sounds pretty realistic .
 Beautiful clock . Most realistic electronic chime I have ever heard . My only complaint is that the chime starts on the hour instead of ends on the hour . Not a big deal , but I 'm a purist.If you 're not willing to spend the money on a mechanical chime clock , this is a wonderful alternative .
 This is a very nice clock that looks great and works great . We 've had this for about 7 months now and it keeps perfect time , chimes every hour , except at night -LRB- Option -RRB- . The chimes sound great and full toned . The pendulum works fine and does n't make the tick tock noise that I do n't care to hear.It came packaged great from Amazon and setup was OK with the instructions included.Looks like a more expensive item . Wood is nice . I would have given it 5 stars if it had more chime choices and a lock on the front glass , but certainly no deal breaker.Highly recommend
 I love my new clock . I purchased it through Amazon.comThe service was great and it was delivered promptly .
 I am wondering two things ... do you have to take the clock off the wall to change the batteries , switch ring tones , etc. , or does the front open and you can do it from there?Thank you!p.s . I ca n't really rate this item , as I have n't really seen it , touched and felt it , or heard it . I am rating it only because I have to to post this comment . Based on other 's comments , I chose a 4 .
 I received my clock today and I love it !! The wood is very sturdy and beautiful Much better than the Sligh Clock I had . Beautiful exterior glass and very well made and so far keeping time perfect The chimes are beautiful and setting the clock up was so easy . Great instructions . I LOVE MY CLOCK !!!
 The clock is beautiful and it sounds beautiful ; however it did come broken on the top -LRB- which I easily fixed with wood glue -RRB- and the door is off center . But other than that we LOVE it
 Very nice looking table . Had a very small problem with the table caused by shipping the customer service department was great and the problem was quickly fixed . Great company to work with
 These storage bowls have been a nice addition to my dish collection . They came in great shape and have been useful . They go from firdge to microwave to the table and everything matches the dishes .
 I have had this for quite a while and they are really great . I would suggest that if you needed this to complete your set you wo n't be disappointed .
 The first ones I ordered were broken but when I called they sent me new ones . So I was satisfied .
 I have purchased virtually every piece available in the Sango Gold Dust Green collection . In fact , I love this stoneware so much that having obtained the set before the home we are currently living in , my fiance and I designed our kitchen , living room , and dining room around the colors in the dishes . We receive compliments constantly about the stoneware , which is on display in glass-front cabinets in our kitchen as well as on a hutch in our dining room . I have found the stoneware itself to be extremely durable . I love that it is both dishwasher and microwave safe . I am sure I will have these pieces for many years to come .
 After hunting almost the whole month without seeing anything , I bought one of these . On the last day of the season , the hunting indicator was full on for the hours of somewhere around 8 to 10 AM . I decided to go out later instead of at first light . I got into my stand at seven-thirty . At nine-thirty I shot a seven point , 180 pound buck . Coincidence maybe , but I normally would have been back in the house for the morning . Guess I really wo n't know for sure until I use this product for a few years but so far , I am convinced that it helped .
 I bought this for my mother whom I had to recently place in an assisted living facility . She needed a few extra shelves for knick knacks and books and she truly loves how it looks . Very easy to assemble , and the price was perfect . Would recommend to others .
 I love this bookcase headboard . The assembly was easy , took less than 10 mins to assemble . The packing and handling were very good . Actually I bought this to go with a White twin bed from Ikea . It was a perfect match , the white and maple finish looks awesome !!! My son loves it . Its a great product !!! I recommend this to anyone .
 Bought this clock to replace a Howard Miller Lancaster as I did n't want to have to wind the Howard Miller every week anymore . Aesthetically , this River City looks just as beautiful as the much more expensive -LRB- 4X -RRB- Howard Miller that it replaces . Another reason I prefer this clock over a key wound clock is that it keeps accurate time , given that if one services a key wound clock enough , it will keep accurate time too . I like the adjustable chime volume and the nighttime mute option . However , even with the chime volume at the lowest setting , the chimes have managed to wake a sleeping baby on another floor level once , perhaps because of its high pitch . I also like the shallower depth of this clock , which may contribute to poorer chime quality . What I do miss about the Howard Miller when compared to this River City is that the Howard Miller has more pleasant , richer and deeper chimes ; the electronic chimes of this River City 's sounds , well , electronic . Lastly , it 's purely a matter of preference but I also miss the tick tock sounds that this clock does n't produce .
 We really love this clock . It has a great look and sounds great . We did turn down the sound some since it is near our TV room . It 's nice to have that option .
 I bought this six months ago , and I 'm still impressed with the quality . The chimes are pretty loud , but they can be turned down . It keeps perfect time , and has a nice quality look & feel to it .
 I purchased the cherry version of this clock -LRB- there is an oak version as well -RRB- . It arrived in perfect condition , well packed with no issues . As another reviewer mentioned , although it is cherry , its not too `` red '' and fits in well with my other furnishings which are mostly oak . As usual , I barely glanced at the directions and had trouble getting the chimes to synchronize with the actual time . After re-reading the instructions , and following them properly , everything set up perfectly.As others have mentioned , the chime can be loud but the volume control will fix that issue . For me , the chimes - even at the upper end of the volume setting - sound beautiful . Obviously the chimes are electronic , but compared to my other electronic chiming wall clock , a Howard Miller Continental , they are excellent . For example , after playing the `` top of the hour '' Westminster chimes , the proceeding gongs -LRB- one gong for each hour of time -RRB- sound great and `` fade '' out when the sequence is complete . The night time quiet mode works just as advertised.The printing of the numbers and graphics of the face dial is clean , clear and consistent . The gold trim strip on the glass is evenly spaced from the edges of the frame . The height , width and depth seem appropriate - at least to me - considering the dial is about 6-1/2 inches . The front of the clock , the glass door/pane , is hinged and opens . There is n't much you can do once it is opened -LRB- other than hang the pendulum during the initial installation -RRB- but I like that feature anyway . The door has a magnet to keep it secure when closed.One reviewer mentioned that the clock would tilt on the wall with the door open and that is true . I implemented a slight customization/modification when mounting the clock -LRB- basically engineering another mounting point at the bottom -RRB- that prevents the base of the clock from pivoting when opening the glass door.Overall I am extremely happy with this clock ; it has a traditional look but fits well with my semi-contemporary surroundings . If I had any complaint at all , it would be that there are three dimples -LRB- well not exactly dimples , more like `` bumps '' -RRB- that slightly protrude from the top piece of the door frame -LRB- the semi-circular wood piece that makes up the top of the glass door frame -RRB- . At first I was sure that these `` bumps '' were the ends of screws -LRB- on the back of the door -RRB- that must hold the glass in place , but after examining the back-side of the door , there are no fasteners of any kind that could be the source of this issue . I 'm not sure what may have caused these bumps , but they are symmetrical and may be some artifact of the manufacturing process . Despite this issue , they are barely noticeable . In fact I 'm the only one in our household who noticed them and most who know me say I 'm overly picky.So finally , this clock is a great deal -LRB- at least when I purchased it at about $ 135 -RRB- . After extensively researching electronic chiming wall clocks , I found this model to be a very good value especially next to other , comparable brands .
 I was looking for a chiming wall clock to fill a space in my family room . Growing up , I loved hearing the Westminster chimes ringing from a wall clock in my grandmother 's home . I was drawn to the picture of the cherry finish so I ordered it even though much of the wood in my house is oak . I am thrilled ! The chimes sound terrific and the cherry finish is so warm and beautiful . This clock is a fabulous addition to my home ! After comparing with many other similiar clock , I feel that I received alot for the price . It arrived on time and carefully packaged - not a scratch on it . You wo n't be disappointed with this purchase !
 I gave this clock 5 stars because , though it 's not top of the line in quality , it is a very nice clock for the low price . This was a gift for my daughter and she hung it in a prominent place in her front hall . I consider this unspoken agreement with my assessment on her part , because she has fairly sophisticated taste when it comes to furnishings . Gives the appearance of a much more expensive clock and the chime has a pleasing tone .
 We received this clock as a house warming gift when we bought our new home . Very nice clock for the price ! The chimes sound awesome and you can hear them all through the house . This clock is very handsome and looks beautiful on the wall . I absolutely love it and would n't trade it for the world . When we first put it up , the whole family gathered together just before the hour to hear the chimes . Reminds me of being at my rich aunts house !!!!!!
 I 've always wanted a grandfather or grandmother clock , but this one really fills the bill . I love the chimes of the clock and the way you can time for either the 1/4 hour , the 1/2 hour , the 3/4 hour and on the hour . The chimes are a delight to the ear . The sleeknees of the clock can fit in with any decor . The cost was priced right and the shipping was right on the date as promised . Thanks Amazon.com , I like shopping with you.Rachel
 Very nice well made clock , keeps accurate time , and is nice to look at . I would recommend this clock to any friends and family .
 The poster is great ... my son loved it ! The service and delivery were exceptional as well .
 I found this item in the kid 's section , while trying to match the dresser draws I had bought from the same company . This is a wonderful little nightstand . If you are looking for something small , yet effective , to put next to your bed -LRB- especially for a more cramped space like I had -RRB- this is just perfect . The draw is very deep and holds a lot . The cubby is very large and can hold just about anything , especially things that will not fit in the draw . -LRB- To be honest my cat took up residency in there before I had filled it with anything -RRB- . A little tough to put together , but nothing overly complicated .
 The quality of all Lenox products are exceptional . The red color is very rich as is the material . I bought it as part of a gift and almost kept it for myself
 I knew when I purchased these towels at $ 5 , they would be a deal for a Lenox product but I did n't realize how much of a deal they were ! The regular price on the box is $ 26.00 . They are thick , have a pretty design and have been washed and still look like new . It 's hard to find affordable towels and bedding of good quality these days . I almost forgot what a `` good quality '' hand towel felt like . They come in a nice Lenox box so they would be a great gift .
 I was pleasanty surprised at how nice these towels are -LRB- the fingertip 2-pack -RRB- . The design is beautifully embroidered with high-quality stitching . They are thick for fingertip towels and come in a nice Lenox box , which makes them perfect for housewarming gifts during the holidays . Definitely department store quality and packaging . I will buy more to use as gifts .
 These will add holiday decor for you and anyone you decide to give them to .
 These simply styled towels are a nice thickness and quality . I bought several sets to give as token holiday gifts . They come in a nice gift box . What better message to give than Peace ?
 very nice appearance , good price and they wash well and still look good . happy with this purchase and will be for years .
 I bought two of these towels on the after-holiday clearance . They are lovely and live up to the Lenox name -- not cheap or cheesy looking like so many other decorative holiday items .
 These make wonderful hostess gifts around the holidays . I bought several and plan to keep one for myself .
 This is just what I was looking for to give my bathroom a Christmas motif . I purchased two red towels and one white one for the bathroom . It really made the bathroom look cheery . This is a good quality towel .
 Very happy to find these towels . I received them within a few days of ordering . My experience with this order was totally problem free , but help was available if needed
 These Fingertip towels are a very nice size - not dinky ! They are fluffy and pretty ! I like the designs and think they will make great gifts if I can bear to part with them !
 I saw this coffeemaker -LRB- black with stainless steel thermal carafe -RRB- in Costco for only $ 59.00 and bought it immediately . I originally posted this review under the model with the plastic/glass carafe because that was where all the reviews were , but this is the actual model that I have.Perhaps the newest version of this product has fixed previous problems . There have been complaints about it making weak coffee and the carafe exploding . The stainless steel version certainly has taken care of those issues . All I can say is that it makes delicious , hot , flavorful , and very strong coffee ! We used Gevalia ground Mocha Java , five scoops for 10 cups and it came out so strong , we had to add more hot water in our cups . Four scoops for a full 10-cup pot and you have coffee heaven . This coffeemaker came with only five paper filters , so we used those . I intend to buy a Swiss Gold # 4 filter asap , NOT the Krups 049 , which is inferior.After filling the coffeemaker with cold water , I did fill the carafe with hot water and let it sit for a minute or two before brewing . The coffee came out nice and hot and remained hot even after we poured in lots of creamer . The carafe kept the remaining coffee hot until used -- about an hour and a half . I also followed the instructions and removed the carafe from the coffeemaker as soon as the brewing process was finished.The only reason I rate this unit four stars is because the controls and clock are small and a little hard to see , but most importantly , it makes wonderful , rich , flavorful , hot coffee .
 Was an unusual item to be seeking , but found just what I wanted at an excellent price . The pieces -LRB- purchased 2 -RRB- were apparently cast and finished seperately as they were close enough to make a set , but not too pergfectly alike to appear `` die cast '' from a mold . Made them appear just that more authentic ! Will use this source again .
 I have a very large home bar . I had been looking for a chest refrigerator for some time now , and let me tell you
 Could n't be easier to operate
 I am using this unit to control an old refrigerator with a broken internal thermostat for lagering beer . So far it has performed very well . I can hold temps within approx . 2 degrees F down to freezing . Could n't be simpler to install . Note that the temperature dial indicator is very small and not precise ... make sure you have a thermometer inside the frige to zero in on the desired temp if accuracy is important . Mine seemed to keep the temp about 2 degrees warmer than what is indicated on the dial .
 I bought this to use with a mini fridge who likes to make cheese . She bought a mini fridge for her cheese , which gets pretty stinky , so she had to move it out of her wine fridge . Anyway , the fridge was too cold at the warmest setting , so we bought this external thermostat for the mini fridge . I drilled a small hole in the side for the temperature probe . It cycles the fridge on and off . This unit seems to be an industrial thermostat - the probe is heavy duty , the connector for it is very strong , and the thermostat unit is metal and sturdy . Highly recommended if you have a cheese fridge !
 A year ago our commercial refrigerator died . Instead of spending $ 5000 + to replace it , I used this to convert an unused commercial freezer into a refrigerator . After a year it is still working perfectly , while maintaining a steady temperature.You could not ask for an easier install . This thing is awesome !
 the dial to set the temperature is not accurate . its off close to 6 degrees even after adjusting it like the directions say . once we figured out how much we needed to over compensate for , works like a charm !! perfect chest freezer now fridge . keeps temperature right for fridge usage .
 I needed a control that would allow me to use a standard compact refrigerator for wine storage . Normal refrigerator temps are too low for proper storage . The Johnson control is set to allow temps above 40 degrees F. I ordered this control and when I received it I mounted it and had it working as the bypass thermostat for my refrigerator in less than 15 minutes . It works perfectly and maintains the temperature range best suited for storing wine at cellar temperatures . Thanks Johnson Controls and thank you Amazon .
 I was hesant about this product , but it works great . No complaints . There is a 4 degree temp decrepensy between the setting and my two themonators . Just adjust accordingly .
 I bought this thermostatic devise to control refrigeration temperatures necessary for ripening cheese . It has proven to be a very accurate unit , simple to install , and true to the product description . I was also pleased to find that when I had questions about installation , that I was able to call the company and receive technical support . It was refreshing to talk with a live person who fielded my questions . That said , the thermostatic unit is easy to install . Just plug the refrigerator power cord into the unit , then plug the unit into your wall outlet , set the temp and you 're good to go . Not being a refrigeration guy , I was n't sure where the temperature sensor should be located ... yes , it goes inside the refrigerator ! Duh ! Whether you are making beer or cheese , this product is true to it 's description and does an excellent job .
 This is a must have device for any serious Cheesemaker or Home Brewer.Any fridge even at its lowest setting will cool to about 40 degrees . This is too cold for yeast in beer and for ripening cheeses.This thermostat installs in minutes and keeps the internal temperatures between 50 and 55 degrees . No need to modify the refrigerators controls . My cheese loves it !
 This is the product you need to control your beer 's brewing temperature in either a standard freezer or refrigerator . It 's easy to install and it does the job . It cuts the power off to the fridge when it reaches the desired temp -LRB- + -3 degrees F -RRB- .
 This is being used to convert a 7 cu in . chest freezer into a cheese cave . I need the temperature to stay between 50-55F . This unit has a 3.5 differential set by JC to keep your cpmpressor from burning out , and so far , it does just that . It works really well and for the price , its the best thing out there . The coil is kinda fragile , so just be careful and it does take some time -LRB- a day or two -RRB- for the temp to stabilize . Would recommend .
 Bought this to test converting a small chest freezer to a frig for my cabin . It arrived so fast I had n't bought the freezer yet . Set up was easy and painless . Been running it for a few weeks and it seems to be keeping the temp within a couple degrees of the set temp -LRB- I think it has a spread in the temp to keep it from cycling on and off -RRB- . Would buy again .
 Here are a few things I noticed about the product.Positive : - Works exactly how it should work . - I dont know about other units by my unit is spot on . I have a thermometer that logs the highest and lowest temperature in a 24 hr period . I set the thermostat at 66C and logged the temperature.I was between 65C-69C over a preiod of few hours , that was pretty impressive . - You will be happy with the results!Negatives -LRB- But I can live with -RRB- - I am giving 5 stars becuase I really liked the product but here are some things you should be aware of . The sensor is not the prettiest thing that you would see , it is a tad bigger than my liking -LRB- you can google the datasheet specs -RRB- . The sensor is held by a copper spiral coil which seems to have some fluid in it . You have to be cautious handling it.You can not bend the copper wire any way you feel like.Overall , I did not want to drill a hole in my fridge and I was able to tape the sensor in the fridge wall and route out the cable . It is not extremely pretty but looks ok and does the job exellently .
 Product works great . I drilled a hole in the side of my deep chest freezerRan the coppor thermostat through it sealed the hole , plugged the unit intothe wall then plugged the freezer into the outlet on the back of the converter plug.Set the temp you want and you done , easy . Just make sure you do n't drill through anyradiators or refrigerant lines when drilling .
 Works Great for kegerator with blown thermostat saving big money on repair costs . just place probe set temp and go
 I 've been using this for about a year to keep the temperature of a compact refrigerator at 55 deg . F for aging homemade cheeses . Works great . I 'm about to order a second one for another fridge .
 This does exactly what I need it to do . Once I got the temperature stabilized the freezer keeps a constant 33 degrees . I did not calibrate the dial on the device so it does n't reflect the actual temperature inside . Getting the chest filled with food helped stabalize the temperature . I keep the 12 pack sodas & drinks in there as filler . It keeps my bread , vegetagles & eggs nice and cold . And frees up space in my other fridge . I haven seen much effect on my electric bill since adding it to my electricity useage .
 One of the greatest things that my beautful mother taught me in the precious nine years I had her in the world of form was , was how to stand in the garden perfectly still , motionless , and completely serene and when one does that , butterflies and maybe even birds will come to light upon your shoulder . My mother could stand for just a few minutes completely still and small sparrows would land on her shoulder and just sing . My eyes get wet with tears just thinking about her doing that - not out of saddness , but out of joy - it was almost like she was saying to the universe , `` I can be trusted ... I have no fear in me ... I am One with all of it ... `` Maybe she was.I got this card from a dear friend and in it she joked about the fact that `` She , too , was also a ` recovering ' Catholic '' . And for many years I labeled myself with that joke . Like I had something to be ashamed of or something ... but you know what , the more I think about my early days in the church , the more I recall how beautiful and completely innocent those days were . I had not yet learned about sin . . original or otherwise ... about punishment , judgment , or condemnation ... in fact , I only really learned about those things when I ran away from the church and became a `` born-again '' Christian and began to somehow think that God was against me . Saint Francis knew in his heart that God was for him and in that Perfect Trust , Life trusted him , as well . Saint Francis never had to force his followers to believe or accept what he said as true , because he spoke from the depths of his being so they KNEW what he spoke of was Truth.But God is for us ... Spirit approves of us now ... the Divine knows us better than we know ourselves and this card - that I now have framed - reminds me of the innocence and the beauty and the simplicity that comes from an intimate relationship with the Divine . Some people might take exception to my use of the word `` intimate '' in regards to God , but do you know what intimacy really means ? Intimacy means , into me , see ... let me see the beauty , see the joy , see the peace that You already put within me . Let me think on those things and when I think on those things that are of God/of Love I become that which I already am.I 'm not re-covering anything , anymore . This card reminds me to just be still , to be quiet , to be serene and let love/life unfold through me . I am glad I put this card in a frame and put it near all the other stuff I consider sacred , holy , and dear . I find it absolutely beautiful that I can go into my garden and butterflies just seem to land on my shoulders and whenever I do , I know that Saint Francis and my mother are also , very , very near.Be the Light you wish to see in the world.Peace & Blessings , john , `` the Light Coach ''
 My mother had been talking about these napkin rings her friend had forever so I bought her 3 sets along with napkins for Christmas . She LOVED them and they looked great with her Lenox Christmas dishes !
 These are lovely quality napkins rings . They go perfectly with my Christmas table setting . Nice to have during the holidays .
 I ordered these for my Christmas dinner table . They were admired -LRB- very much -RRB- Very elegant table setting with these napkin rings .
 I received a set of these as a hostess gift and when I took them out of the wrapper , I knew I was going to need more . Well-crafted items , with a design that goes with my simple Mickey Mouse Christmas dinnerware , as well as my china on on white linen . The colors are vibrant and jewel-like , and go well with the gold colored metal without appearing garish . They are suitable for white damask napkins , but large enough for my rather rustic red everyday napkins . I use them daily throughout the month of December . Very versatile and beautiful , they lend grace to the table .
 I purchased from amazon the lenox napkin rings . They match the china we use the lenox holiday pattern . They made an elegant statement on the table and finished the theme marvelously . They were everything the description portrayed and were extremely reasonable . . thank you amazon !
 These napkin rings are not only beautiful , but they go perfectly with my Lenox Holiday china . I 'm very pleased that I found them on Amazon .
 Love the color of these Napkin rings because it is hard to find this color !
 I am not real excited about napkin rings . Saw them on sale and did n't have any so thought I would buy them for special occasions . Not excited but not disappointed .
 I have used two different kinds of Italian coffee makers.Villaware stands out because the handle does n't get hot , and the lid is easy to open.It is a fine machine.I recommend .
 This espresso maker does a good job , but1 -RRB- it is not entirely stainless . The screw holding down the knob rusts . I had to go to a local hardware to replace it with a stainless screw that would not rust .2 -RRB- unit is sometimes difficult to take apart . You may have trouble separating the unit , depending on the strength in your hands .3 -RRB- The espresso is done when it stops steaming , approximately 4 minutes . Set a timer , and do n't let the water resevoir cook dry . My unit turned darker on the bottom when I let it go for 5 minutes . -LRB- I use an induction hotplate set on ` low ' 160 degrees C. -RRB- 4 -RRB- This is obviously not a `` 6 cup '' unit . It will , however , fill my 12-ounce coffee cup with a little milk .
 They are not cheap , but you do get what you pay for . Excellent quality , heavy fabric , well made , nice product . I highly recommend the set .
 This pillow arrived looking just like the picture - it complemented my other Rose Tree Symphony pillows and bedspread very well .
 I absolutely love it . I ordered the curtains and border for the baby 's room . I did not want to have to paint and have to do alot in this room . It is yellow , and it matches perfectly . When I picked this out I did not know what we were having , so I figured it would be a very neutral . Now we know we are having a boy ! Absolutely beautiful addition !
 I love this valance ! I purchased two of them because my windows are longer than the standard size , and one was plenty long ! They are great quality and they set off the room .
 Very thin , but as long as a light weight comforter is what you need , it is great !
 This is an ok value for a comforter because it 's very low-priced , but there does n't seem to be a lot of down or feathers in it , and what feathers there are seem to clump up in lumps because the quilting does not separate the comforter into individual pockets . Therefore , it 's only good as an extra blanket , not as your main comforter . I bought this for my mom , but had to order another model for a bit more money from a catalog because she complained about the clumping . Granted , she might not be using it correctly and might have been able to shake it out a bit to distribute the feathers , but it still does n't have much fill , and she likes her new one more than this model , which we are now keeping only for an extra .
 amen Billy59 good stuff but available anywhere . They need to release `` Are You Ready '' & `` Boys From Doraville '' 2 great -LRB- & greatly overlooked -RRB- albums
 I love ARS , I guess this is another hits cd to add to the zillion that are already available ! I rate it 5 stars for the band and the song list , a lot of their good ones are here . But , as for the cd itself , we did not need this . It is just another way for a record company to make more money . If the record company really wanted to make more money , they would release ARE YOU READY !!!! Every ARS fan in this country , probably the world , has been waiting for the release of this live album . Most ARS fans already have everything on this new release .
 Very thin , but as long as a light weight comforter is what you need , it is great !
 This is an ok value for a comforter because it 's very low-priced , but there does n't seem to be a lot of down or feathers in it , and what feathers there are seem to clump up in lumps because the quilting does not separate the comforter into individual pockets . Therefore , it 's only good as an extra blanket , not as your main comforter . I bought this for my mom , but had to order another model for a bit more money from a catalog because she complained about the clumping . Granted , she might not be using it correctly and might have been able to shake it out a bit to distribute the feathers , but it still does n't have much fill , and she likes her new one more than this model , which we are now keeping only for an extra .
 Let me rephrase that , i love this blanket when it is cold . This blanket is so heavy that even in 40 degree temperature it will keep you warm . If the house warms up prepare to melt!Seriously this is a nice blanket . It is extremely heavy for a blanket but it is very soft to the skin . It feels like someone put a ton of soft bricks on you . I gave my parents this same blanket for Xmas 8 years ago and it still looks and feels like new . So although a little expensive i feel it is a good investment.Makes a great Christmas gift .
 I got this to make Valentines day goodies in and its wonderful ! Easy clean up and bakes things perfectly .
 This is an easy machine that is cute sitting on the counter . At about 50 cents per espresso shot , its definitely a better deal than good ole Starbucks . I 've had the thing for about 2 months now and it works perfectly every time without a hitch . The convenience makes the $ 180 price tag worth while . I have n't been to the cofee shop in 2 months .
 I was nervous that I had to buy coffee from Nespresso in the future . But their coffee is excellent .
 it makes the best espresso.we got it for office use last years and it still does a great job!we are 15 users at least .
 Very classic , durable dinnerware made in the United States . This color is vibrant , yet versatile . I think it is especially suitable for southwestern dishes and latin cuisine . I have been using Fiestaware for years with no problems .
 Our family is happy with our new Fiesta Dinnerware purchase . By mixing colors , we can create a fun table setting for guests as well as using them for everyday . I will be buying more in the future .
 We purchased this set a month ago and totally love it . It 's the same as one we have at our timeshare , so we knew already that we loved it before we even bought it . It 's durable , classy enough to serve company , and things do n't stick to it as much as they did to our previous dinnerware . We bought two service for 4 sets -LRB- Fiestaware Cinnabar -RRB- .
 My husband and I purchased this 16-piece dinner set to replace our old dishes . So far , we 're very happy with our Fiesta ware . Everything arrived in perfect condition . The plum color is incredibly striking and the quality of the set is excellent . I love that Fiesta products are designed to mix and match colors , and there are so many vivid shades to choose from
 This has been my favorite color . It is just the right shade to beautifully coordinate with all the blue designs in my Polish pottery . My kids prefer the brighter colors , but I think periwinkle is the most elegant . It is absolutely the color for those who favor blue .
 Love these dishes - my family has them at our summer cottage -LRB- original ones of course -RRB- and that I can buy the reissues for my house , and at such a great price , is fantastic.Great prices - and no problems with the shipping .
 This was my first Fiestaware dinner service . I purchased two dinner services for 4 in Sunflower in October , 2005 for use in our country weekend house . The color is bright but not blinding , and very cheery - I am not usually a yellow fan and I was pleasantly surprised at how much I like these . It 's a pleasure to use them ! The dishes are very sturdy , and the cups are a good size - they are more like smaller mugs . The bowls are perfect for cereal and soup . I also like that the dinnerware is dishwasher safe , and microwave safe -LRB- although I do n't usually use it in the microwave -RRB- . We 've used it regularly since October - breakfast , lunch and dinner , and constantly in the dishwasher - and have n't had many problems with scratches , as mentioned in other reviews , although I have noticed some very light marks on the dinner plates -LRB- maybe knife marks ? -RRB- . The scratches are possibly less obvious on the Sunflower range because it 's a lighter color . I plan to buy more in another -LRB- also light -RRB- color for mix and match .
 I have always loved the looks of Fiesta , but have never owned it . For our 40th anniversary we decided to treat ourselves to a new set of dishes that would be just for the two of us . We ordered the Fiestaware in the Persimmon color , and we love it.The quality of the dinnerware is just right for everyday use ; sturdy and fun . And the color -- it really makes my heart sing .
 My wife was very pleased with the tangerine fiesta ware ! She now has two sets of it and plans on purchasing more .
 the fiesta dinnerware was everything I hoped for . It was shipped in a timely fashon and came undamaged .
 I love these dishes ! The color and glaze is beautiful . I bought 2 sets . One arrived damaged but Amazon was great about picking up the broken set and it was replaced very quickly.I like the sizes of the pieces and they have held up well in the dishwasher . I am now hooked on Fiestaware !
 The plates are shiny , nice even coloring , good size , chip resistant , and beautiful . I mixed them with red , green and yellow , and even put some bowls out for decoration . Excellent buy .
 this item was as stated and arrived in very quickly . I will be back for more !!
 The black set is gorgeous and looks spectacular with my hutch and table . The price is unbelievable . I recommend these dishes to anyone who loves to make a statement of simplicity .
 I HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY ORDERS YET BUT I AM TRULY AMAZED AT THE VALUE AMAZON.COM OFFERS ON THIS PRODUCT . I ORDERED TWO COLORS -LRB- PLUM AND SCARLET -RRB- . I AM GETTING 9 PLACE SETTINGS OF EACH FOR $ 134.98 PER 9 PLACE SETTINGS . I HAVE SEARCHED EVERYWHERE AND NO ONE OFFERS A DEAL LIKE THIS DELIVERED TO YOUR FRONT DOOR . THANK YOU AMAZON.COM ...
 I bought 20 4 place settings in assorted colors . I had done a lot of research on Fiestaware and found the best prices and delivery options on Amazon . I 'm very pleased with the dishes - the white is the least interesting but does fine combined with other colors . Turquoise , tangerine , yellow , plum ... all lovely and fun to mix for a cheerful table . The event was a celebration requiring much planning . I chose the free shipping option , knowing that the dishes would arrive within 4 days of the event . Instead the boxes started trickling in a mere 3 days after my order with the last box arriving 4 days before the event . I am extremelly grateful to Amazon for the speedy shipping . Unpacking , washing and putting dishes away is time consuming and I was very busy . Not having to do everything at once was a blessing . The dishes are great as I expected them to be - I was also happy that they are made in the US and guaranteed lead-free . What was unexpected and very , very helpful was Amazon 's amazing delivery service . Thank you .
 Not only are these dishes gorgeous and durable , but the bowls stack together so nicely and do n't take up tons of vertical space in my cupboard . I love them !!
 I wanted durable dishes , definitely lead-free and I was hoping to find something that looked nice . They pass the durablity test being restaurant quality . Function was more important than design , but these dishes are so beautiful ! I intended to buy two sets to have a little variety . After my first set arrived I ended up ordering four different colors in all . They are so cheery . I love the simple design and deep vibrant colors . The web site pictures do not do the color justice . It is fun to mix and match them and they frame food so nicely . All sets arrived in good condition . One set had flaws on the mug 's glaze . Amazon is handling that professionaly , quickly , and without incident . Make sure you look over each piece for flaws in the glaze .
 Bought 2 sets . Mad that I waited so long to buy these . Had other dish set that scratched and chipped . Worth the price and even better that these have been made for so long . Love the scarlet color .
 Good & reliable . We had bought various colors years ago , and decided to narrow down to one rather than have mish-mash of colors.These are good quality long lasting , based on the previous ones we bought . color matches fine.I notice other dish sets may be pretty , but are huge plates or bowls that do n't fit in cabinets or dishwashers . I do n't understand why people need or want such huge plates . I ca n't eat that much food , and do n't want my kids eating that much either!Pick a favorite color , and you 're set with these .
 I could not be happier with these , plus the delivery time exceeded all my expectations . I ordered two sets on the Sunday before Christmas , hoping , but not expecting , for them to be delivered before Christmas . I almost went ahead and sprang for expedited delivery , but I just could n't justify spending the extra $ 60 when my purchase qualified for free shipping . To my surprise , I received the packages on WEDNESDAY ! They were very well packed , and not a single piece was damaged in any way.The quality of the dinnerware does not dissapoint , either . The color is gorgeous , and exactly what I wanted . Our previous set of dinnerware , although it cost far more than the Fiesta , was a nightmare ; it got dangerously hot in the microwave , would leave a ring if set down on wood furniture , and would chip if you so much as looked at it . The Fiesta Ware stays cool even after five minutes in the microwave , leaves NO marks on my furniture , and has proven to be incredibly chip-resistant . I am totally sold on this product -LRB- can you tell ? -RRB- , and plan on purchasing many , many more pieces of Fiesta Ware in the future .
 Love these plates . I wo n't buy anything else from now on . And Amazon has the best prices on them . Very hardy pieces . Hubby dropped a plate onto a brick foyer and it did n't break .
 The plates and the bowls are very nice in this set . Durable , nice glazing . However the cups are very small , not even 8 oz . The color of the cinamon is pinker than pictured -- Almost a raspberry color.shipping was remarkable quick .
 Was totally pleased . Great dishes , beautiful color and phenominal value . For a hundred and five dollars and a little shipping and handling it proved to me that we still can make our own stuff right here and it be nice and affordable .
 I love fiesta dinnerwear ! I own this periwinkle color along with the white plates also . There tuff !
 Lead free made in the USA . What else can you say ? Oh yeah - pretty color orange . All we use in our kitchen from mugs to bowls to dishes . Good price on Amazon for sets - better price elsewhere for single pieces .
 We are very happy with the Fiesta Dinnerware . It is simple and fun to use and with so many additional pieces you can create a great table setting ! We mixed colors to match our kitchen perfectly .
 This was packed extremely well , and is just what we expected . This is true Homer Laughlin Fiesta Ware in the long standing tradition !
 I love these dishes , and so far I do not see any scratches on the finish like some reviews said . They arrived in perfect condition .
 Beautiful set , in my all time favorite Shamrock green . Flawless , and stunning ! Super fast shipping , very well packaged -LRB- shipped to Alaska -RRB- . Wonder product at a great price !
 Fiestaware is amazing - bright , beautiful glazes . Dishwasher , microwave and even oven safe - does n't get any better than that .
 The Scarlet Red Fiestaware dishes are beautiful . I ca n't comment on the durability of the dishes , because I have been saving them for my new apartment that I 'm moving into this week . As far as appearances , however , the color is a really bold and vivid red . In red , the pattern on the Fiestaware -LRB- the grooves that run in a circle around the edge of the plate -RRB- stands out very nicely , to give the dishes a little something extra . I ordered my set of four with another set in black . They are both beautiful ... especially together . I think the next set I get will be in white , so that I can either mix all three colors , or try one of these combinations on my table
 The couple love the gift and this color was hard to get locally . The box came from a warehouse and the contents were a bit dusty . I just dusted the dishes and they were good to go . No problems with the order .
 I like the four piece place settings , because we really are not ` saucer ' people . The scarlet color is a very pretty ` washed ' red , it 's a true red , but soft . The finish on these dishes is very durable , excellent for resisting chipping . I love that they are dishwasher and microwave safe .
 not only is it made in the USA but it 's heavy duty and lasts forever . i grew up using fiesta ware and in college had gotten some cheap retail find to use - do n't think they lasted through college . since graduating and becoming a &#34; big girl &#34; i invested in some fiesta ware . i love the mix and match and not have to have the same color . love the variety of colors and variety of kitchen items .
 When my kids were little it was hard to dish up their food and not have them accidentally get the one intended for a sibling . Consequently one of the older ones would need more food dished up , and a little one would waste some because too much was on their plate . I solved the problem with Fiestaware . Each kid got to pick their own color , and they always knew which dish of food was theirs ! Voila ! I plan to do the same thing with the grandkids when we have another generation . There are plenty of colors to choose from and they all look great together . They are very sturdy dishes , too .
 These have held up very well in the dishwasher and the color is great . We highly recommend this brand made in the USA !
 I 've been using Fiestaware for years and have never broken or chipped a piece , despite the usual drops and bangs . These drops and bangs have been on granite countertops and ceramic tile floors.The colors , of course , are great . Just choose colors you would like to live with for a long , long time !
 This 16 piece set is beautiful and durable ! It is my second Fiesta set in more than 8 years . My old set is still in good shape , but the new set was chosen to match our updated kitchen .
 these dishes arrived in great condition and are lovely I will by more of these when in need of dinnerware
 We love these dishes . We bought two complementary colors for our kitchen . They have held up to the beating our 5 young kids put them through .
 The Fiesta Wear is getting scrathes easily . Is this just the product ? I would like to speak to someone about this .
 I have a type of dinnerware that 's very similar to Fiesta , Metlox Colorstax , and it gets knifemarks the way people are describing getting on Fiestaware . To get them off , I make a paste of Bon Ami cleanser & water , rub the paste all over the scratched parts of dish , leave the paste on for several minutes to half an hour , scrub the dish , then rinse it off . The knife marks disappear to a great extent because they are * on * the glaze , not cut into it . I imagine this would work as well with Fiestaware as it does Colorstax .
 I ca n't say enough good things about fiestaware , I ` maddicted !! The colors are so great , I really love thispersimmon , but the sunflower , plum , periwinkle andturquoise are pretty as well . Another great thing isthe durability , I have never had a chip or scratch andI 'm pretty tough on dishes . Also , I am impressedwith Amazon , they have great customer service !
 Fed up with chipped rims and not being able to microwave them , I decided it was time to replace my Crate & Barrel stoneware with something more durable and practical . All my wishes were granted with my new Fiestaware . Everything about this set is great . - Extremely durable -LRB- and I 'm a klutz , so it 's important to me that I can bang them around a little without them breaking or chipping -RRB- - Microwaveable . Yay ! - Nice profile - the china is not overly thick and the dishes do n't sit tall on their rims , so they do n't make a giant high pile in my cupboard . I did n't think of this until after I washed them and put them away ; then I noticed they stacked lower than my previous dishes . A nice bonus . - Pretty . I 'm a big fan of cooking magazines . Ever notice they frequently photograph food on white plates ? It 's because white does n't clash with the color of any food , so nothing looks `` off , '' ever . The subtle banding in the surface is just enough interest that they 're not boring . - Made in the USA . I feel good about that.All that and reasonably priced , too . I could n't be happier with my new dishes .
 Before buying the service for 16 , the pitcher with tumblers , and the stove salt & pepper shakers , I 'd only heard about Fiestaware . So I took a chance on its reputation and bought all those pieces without ever seeing Fiestaware in real life . This is nice stuff ! Our kitchen has a turquoise sink that is too good to toss out so we 'll play it up with turquoise and a little black Fiestaware . The colors are fun ! You ca n't get tired of it because you can do so much with combining colors , or keep it all white for something a little more serious .
 The 16-piece set is cheaper on Amazon then anywhere else I have seen , new . Much to my suprise , when I ordered the 16-piece set , I had received a 4-piece set as a bonus . I will pick up another set shortly as the value is just to good to pass up .
 I have just begun to build my collection of Fiesta & I am in LOVE . . heavy duty quality with bright & fun colors !!
 Beautiful color ! We love our new dishes . Packaged very well . No damage at all . Minimal packing materials to have arrived so securely . I am sure we will enjoy for years to come .
 Looked for years for Christmas dishes . Then this year I hit upon Fiesta dinnerware . What a perfect solution . Started my collection with a red service for four and a white service for four.Easy to order , fast delivery , product exactly as promised . Will continue to purchase Fiesta dinnerware through Amazon .
 These dishes are such a step up from the set I had used previously . They feel substantial and well-made ; plus they look great on my table . I like that there are so many coordinating pieces , and getting replacements is easy . Fiesta is timeless , and can be used for informal or formal meals . Glad I bought these , and look forward to using them for years to come .
 One of four sets !! What else is there to say !! Except I am planning on buying some accessories now ... oh oh . . I think I 'm turning into a Fiesta Junkie !!
 I 've had my set of dishes for about 8 years and they do not break easily . I 've dropped them on the kitchen floor , hit them up against the kitchen sink and have never broken them . The only thing I would recommend is if you are washing them by hand use a soft sponge . `` Do not use the sponges with a scrubber on it or you will damage the surface of your dishes . '' Otherwise , I love them . So many bright , beautiful colors to choose from and they 'll last forever ...
 The dinnerware itself it lovely and I am happy with it but I have 2 complaints . When you name a colour `` scarlet '' you expect the plates to be , well ... scarlet ! And that is not the right name for that color . I wanted RED plates and they are not exactly red . They are an orangish red . More red than orange , yes . But not the red I desired and definately not `` scarlet '' as you call it . I was disappointed in that , yet I still like them very much . My other complaint is that the Fiestaware I ordered from Amazon was very poorly packed . Out of the two sets I purchased , an item was broken and useless in each box ! They were packed like I was taking them from a store into my car and to my home . Not like they were traveling across the country . Amazon must do something about this since I know I am not the first person to complain about it . And we feel helpless in the situation because it is too much trouble to ship back . It should have been packed right in the first place . I have ordered many fragile things online and I have n't any problems before . I even ordered separate scarlet pieces from Bealls and Mega China and they were packed great with plenty of bubble wrap and all to protect the product . Not so with the Amazon Fiestaware . I will have to order a whole other set now to make up for the breakage and just cross my fingers and hope they 'll arrive in one piece , literally !
 I got these because I wanted some color and they still can be used with my basic white dishes . A bit heavy to load in and out of the dish washer but ca n't wait to add another color to the set eventually .
 Excellent napkin rings - they are much better made than they looked in the picture . I was afraid they would be rather light - but they are actually quite robust . And -LRB- imo -RRB- the colors are richer than in the picture .
 These are great to use from fall through winter . They are well made metal napkin rings with a holly sprig as depicted in the photo . They add a little elegance to a casual or formal dinner . I 've given one set -LRB- 2 bowes for 8 total -RRB- as a gift that the recipient really admired .
 I bought this as a christmas gift for my mother in law who collects nutcrackers and is also a Yankees fan and she absolutely loved it !! This was a perfect christmas gift : -RRB-
 I bought this for my son who is a big Yankee fan . It was very nice with good workmanship and nice size . He loved it and I am happy to say it made a big hit with his friends .
 I 'm a huge Yankee fan and a nutcracker collector , so this nutcracker was a must ! I was pleasantly surprised at the quality for the price . It did need a little TLC -LRB- some glue for the hair and a little wood putty in the back -RRB- , which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 .
 This was everything that was promised . Very sturdy , bright print , and made in USA , too ! This was for my boss 's birthday , and it was the hit of the party ! He immediately hung it outside , in front of his parking space . Worth every penny !
 I got these towels for their environmental savings since they are made -LRB- partially -RRB- of bamboo . They are not as absorbent as I would have liked , but they are very fluffy and soft .
 The molds were easy to use and created fun , chocolate frogs . The price for the mods seemed fair compared to other sites .
 These bowls are light weight but very functional ! Who needs heavy weeight and more expensive bowls anyway ? Great product .
 This ship 's clock was a gift for my husband 's birthday , to replace one he had for many years . It is elegant , keeps perfect time and the chimes are delightful , although not as loud as I would have liked . We spoke with the Weems & Plath people , who were very helpful and courteous , and they said that some people do n't care for loud chimes . I ca n't imagine why , but that is the case . Anyway , my husband loves his clock and he tends to listen for the chimes , and all in all , he is very pleased with it and so am I . It is solid brass and beautiful . I purchased a stand for it , which adds to its elegance .
 I have looked high and low at ship strike clocks the past month . Ultimately , a great price brought me to the Weems and Plath , Orion Quartz Ship 's Bell Clock . The bell is not loud , but nice and in an office or study , about perfect . For a hall or major piece on the mantel , a bigger chime would be needed . That said , this clock is very well machined in the brass and enameled brass case . The screw off bezel is easy and the battery compartment and chime `` off or on '' switch , all easy to find and manipulate . Though my heart prefers a wind up , my budget could not allow it , hence this purchase.I am in every way pleased . It is larger than I imagined , despite the size described with the spec 's it is a `` full '' sized clock . It fits the Weems and Plath stand , also on Amazon , nicely . The bell tone is soft , but reliable . So far , the clock is keeping good time and chiming on cue . I 'm very pleased . This goes in my work office as a reminder , my customers are given 30 minutes time , and with the 30 minute ships chime , it 's a nice way to remind them that time is up.As a past sailor , the connection to the nautical history alone is worth having this clock . I do see a wind up model in my future for home .
 It 's a beautiful clock , and it 's the right size for my office . But , everyone was right , the bells are just a bit too muted . Unless it is very quiet in my office , the bells can not be heard . Otherwise , I really like the clock .
 my husband loves his clock . He has wanted one for years since he worked many years on boats . The clock made it christmas eve .
 Beautiful clock , excellent fit and finish , the bells areway too soft . I was disappointed that I ca n't hear thebells better , had one before and it did not have thisproblem .
 This clock is absolutely a great work of art , just wish the bell was louder . You can barely hear it in a room . Almost have to put your ear right up against it . It sure looks great though .
 The clock looks great and keeps perfect time , but the chimes are too soft . The chimes can be heard only for a few yards .
 Purchased this ship 's bell about 6 months ago to adorn the wall over our bed in a new motorhome . It is very nice in appearance , keeps good time -LRB- does gain about a minute a month ; no big deal -RRB- and the quiet chime others noted is really a plus since the clock is not too loud for the area we use it . We have many antique clocks , including a real Chelsea ships clock and that one has a much louder chime . It also weighs about 8 times as much as this Orion clock so was not a good choice for our use . We are very pleased with this clock and recommend it .
 This unit has kept accurate time for me -LRB- in my office , not at sea -RRB- and sounds great when it chimes . I specifically wanted one that chimed ship 's bells and this does the trick . It looks really nice paired with the stand .
 This stainless is a good product that holds up well . I 'm very pleased with it .
 I thought this was an awesome gift ! The person I gave it to loved it !
 Overall , I think I got what I wanted/needed . But I would like to provide 3 negative points :1 . I need it for summer/fall , because my roommate , who loves freezing age , fully controls the a/c . :-RRB- But I still do n't think it will be enough for winter , unless you have a good heater .2 . It was a little smelly when I received it , likely being kept in a storage for a while . I left it in the sun for several hours . Now it 's pretty good .3 . The so-called down is not soft . I prefer to call it `` filled with feather . '' It can make a noise when i fold it.If none of the above is a problem for you , then I think you will be satisfied .
 This was cheap and so is the product and I was happy with that.What do you expect for this price ??
 These are great not just for crafters but I have to take so many pills a day that I ca n't find a reg . pill container that will fit them all . So I use these and just use a label maker to put MON-Fri with A.M. P.M. on the lids . They are so sturdy you use them over and over again . They lock tight so do n't spill out in your purse . This way can also take just the about of cups I need and not take a week 's supply with me that is not needed . Love these and good price for the money . Good part is they are reusable and so you save money . Always have an extra box of these on hand in case of emergency . So glad Amazon sells them as they are sometimes hard to find even at craft stores .
 They are perfect for sending small pieces of jewelry in the mail . Or for what ever else I choose to use them for .
 I did n't think there could be a real difference between cookware sets . Boy , was I wrong ! When they say non-stick they really mean non-stick ! And such a beautiful color ! This is the best set of cookware I have ever owned .
 I bought them ` cos they 're red ; and the KitchenAid name . They 're better than all that!This is n't plain old Teflon , this coating is amazing . Very slippery , and they just rinse off with a soapy sponge . Low maintenace.I 've also never found a hot spot - totally even heat in these . They 're slow to heat up , and tend to run slow , but this is good as I have n't ever managed to overcook anything much less burn it . Not good for searing , but you need a metal surface pot for that anyway.Love mine , and wholeheartedly recommend them .
 This is a high quality set , heavy , durable , and easy to clean . The best part is the pasta strainer and vegetable steamer ... well worth the extra money for them . Beautiful color , too .
 My mother had been talking about these napkin rings her friend had forever so I bought her 3 sets along with napkins for Christmas . She LOVED them and they looked great with her Lenox Christmas dishes !
 These are lovely quality napkins rings . They go perfectly with my Christmas table setting . Nice to have during the holidays .
 I ordered these for my Christmas dinner table . They were admired -LRB- very much -RRB- Very elegant table setting with these napkin rings .
 I received a set of these as a hostess gift and when I took them out of the wrapper , I knew I was going to need more . Well-crafted items , with a design that goes with my simple Mickey Mouse Christmas dinnerware , as well as my china on on white linen . The colors are vibrant and jewel-like , and go well with the gold colored metal without appearing garish . They are suitable for white damask napkins , but large enough for my rather rustic red everyday napkins . I use them daily throughout the month of December . Very versatile and beautiful , they lend grace to the table .
 I purchased from amazon the lenox napkin rings . They match the china we use the lenox holiday pattern . They made an elegant statement on the table and finished the theme marvelously . They were everything the description portrayed and were extremely reasonable . . thank you amazon !
 These napkin rings are not only beautiful , but they go perfectly with my Lenox Holiday china . I 'm very pleased that I found them on Amazon .
 Love the color of these Napkin rings because it is hard to find this color !
 I am not real excited about napkin rings . Saw them on sale and did n't have any so thought I would buy them for special occasions . Not excited but not disappointed .
 very good . I like heating water using it . It is convenient and save time . My frient suggest it to me . thank you
 We use this at work . It heats up quickly and is easy to use and to keep clean . Use filtered water to keep coil clean .
 Purchased first -LRB- black -RRB- water kettle year ago before Mom came home from rehab care . Loved ease of use ... but , with daily use by Mom and caretakers , it finally broke down . Reordered through Amazon and received in 2 days ! Happy !!
 I love that this heats up so quickly , and it looks good , too . The only thing that stopped me from giving it 5 stars was that the heating element is awkward , and it seems like you have to replace the water too quickly . Over all , I love it .
 We first saw and purchased this item in Canada and really liked it . It stopped working so ordered another one . We may order another as a back up , because it works just great for us .
 The large K4070 removes from the stand and makes for easy use.Its a great Kettle and will last a long time.The smaller models are flimsy and poorly built .
 PROS
 Bought this for my daughter who is a college student . My concern was mainly safety issues . This was the lowest priced product in this category . My daughter loves it . It is compact , rather good looking , convenient , and very safe to operate . Furthermore , there is no shipping cost ! I am very happy with the purchase.If you need a beeter looking product , there are more expensive ones available -LRB- on amazon.com -RRB- . For my home use , i have one of those .
 This is a great electric tea kettle . The base is corded but the kettle is not so you can carry it around anywhere you wish . The base is made so that the kettle will not work unless it 's inserted properly into the base . It also wo n't work unless there 's a minimum amount of water in it . Do n't worry , there is a light to tell you whether the kettle is on or not . It also has boil-dry protection . So all the safety features are there . Now here 's what 's nice about it . First of all it is big . The last thing that guests want to do is wait for tea while others already have theirs . If you have more than 4 or 5 guests then that 's a real possibility with smaller kettles . But not with this one . Also there are windows to tell you exactly how much water there is . What these windows are also good for is that you can see the state of the water . So , for example , if you 're going to have green tea then you do n't want to wait for the kettle to shut off automatically because that means that the water is boiling . But with the windows you can see when the water is close to boiling and shut it off manually . The lid is easy to open so that you can fill the kettle very easily . The opening is nice and big too . And with the lid so easy to open it 's a breeze to change the filter should you ever need to do that . If you have hard water then this will be a consideration . Finally it 's not too loud . Oh you can still hear it but it will not drown out the conversation . It 's very well made and a nice design -LRB- handle easy to grip , the pouring angle is very convenient , a non-tangle cord , etc. -RRB- I highly recommend this product . And last , but certainly not least , you ca n't beat the price . Quality and price , what more can you ask for ?
 After our first trip in Ireland and the UK together and seeing these electric kettles in almost every B&B ; , my husband and I had to have one for the house as we are both all day tea drinkers . This model from Proctor Silex has held up well for 3 years of daily water boils -- usually a dozen times a day or more . It automatically shuts off after the water boils . About half a kettle takes approx 1.5 minutes to boil . I 've no complaints about this staple of our kitchen . Besides boiling hot water quickly for beverages or soups , etc it is also handy to boil water in first before adding it to a pot on the stove , cuts down on total cooking time.UPDATE 4/2011 . I do n't know why in getting rid of plastic cooking implements we did n't replace our kettle earlier . Probably because my husband decided a couple months ago that he too wanted to avoid teflon and plastics . We replaced this kettle with a stainless steel interior kettle where no parts touch the boiling water . I would downgrade the above reviewed kettle to a 3 star based on this .
 Actually , I often use this several time a day . Tea , coffee , oatmeal , I even use it for hot water when I 'm cleaning my disposal !
 I 'm back on amazon buying a second one of these . My last one I purchased after returning from living abroad . I learned to like the convenience of boiling water in an electric kettle . The last one served me well for 7 years and I 'm back to buy another one . My last one died last week , and I 've spent the last week at my wits end because I ca n't remember how to boil water any other way ! LOL ! Not quite true , but I 've been sans iced tea for the last week
 I like this particular one because it is light weight , and white . I use a tea kettle a lot , so the life expectancy may be a bit shorter . I have found the mid priced kettles are just as good as the more expensive ones . Especially if you know you will replace it after a few years use .
 This is perfect for me , my tea and any housework I need to do . The ONLY con is that the minimum fill line is higher than I 'd like , which means I have to waste water when making tea -LRB- have to empty the kettle when not in use to prevent build-up -RRB- .
 I really like this one . I had another one but it started to leak so I got this one . I use it constantly , like every day for my tea.We have a keurig for coffee but I really like the kettle for hot chocolate and tea . It does n't take long to come to a boil , and Ilike my tea fresh . This works great .
 I really like this kettle . I had a smaller one that was too hard to clean and did not heat much water . I love that this has an automatic shut off , it is easy to reach all the way into to clean and heats the water very quickly . The only drawback is that the heating coils are not enclosed and with our hard water , the coils get coated pretty quickly , but if I wipe them down once a week and rinse with a little vinegar-the build up is gone . I love that I can take it off the base and that it wo n't switch on if not properly seated on the base . I have recommended this product to my other tea drinking friends . So glad I bought this !
 It arrived on time andso far has worked even better than I hoped for , takes no time at all to heat the water .
 I am pleased with this kettle . I purchased it from Amazon.com at a competitive price and was able to get a white kettle . Other stores offered only black ones . It heats quickly and automatically shuts off when it reaches boiling point . I use it every morning for heating water for tea . It met all expectations . So far an excellent product .
 I bought this kettle a month ago , this is my second kettle . I have a smaller one with the same brand in my office and my officemates love it . It 's quick and clean . low noise when it is running . I like white color so everything is going very well for this kettle
 I used this brand in the past and the problem I had with it
 Great kettle . Everyone should have one . Both my kids have them in their dorm rooms and are besieged by others wanting to use them to make noodles oatmeal and tea . Very quick to boil , and auto shutoff means not having to babysit it when you are busy doing toher things .
 Works great ! Heats up a large amount of water very quickly and efficiently . Nice design . And not too pricey !
 i PURCHASED THIS FOR MY SON AND WIFE LIVING IN THE US . iT APPEARS THAAT KETTLES ARE NOT COMMON IN THE US SO THEY ARE THRILLED TO RECEIVE THIS ONE
 This is perfect for the office I really like the automatic shut off . Heats up very quickly and also looks nice .
 Purchased as a gift . It has a large easy grip handle making it a great product for anyone but is especially great for an elderly person .
 I received a big tin full of different teas . I wanted to get an electric water kettle to heat up my cups of water fast . This kettle showed good reviews and it was very reasonable . I order it and am very pleased with the product . The design is nice , it works great , great price , packaged very good and fast delivery .
 This was a gfit for my daughter and she says it is very easy to use and I should get myself one .
 Heats quickly , not overly noisy , works as expected . There was no plastic smell to the water . There is a minimum amount of water required to operate the kettle , but it 's not a big problem .
 It 's always a great relief to replace my china !!!! After 20 years , this pattern is still available albeit in limited quantities . Certain pieces have significantly more use than other pieces so I 'm grateful I can replace pieces as needed . As for the manufacturer , the quality has been there , no complaints as the quality of Nikko is really great . Its not bone china , but then again , I 've never been a bone china kind of guy.Feel free to order knowing these product replacements are straight from manufacturer .
 I put this on the side of my fridge and use for holding pot holders . I am very happy with it .
 Received 2 of these about a week ago . After downsizing to a much smaller house I faced the age-old problem of cramming 10 pounds of potatoes into a 5 pound sack . Even after donating a ton of stuff I still have numerous kitchen items that I ca n't bring myself to part with . My tiny kitchen with severely limited storage was giving me fits . This little rack is n't a panacea but it has allowed me to organize my favorite cooking utensils where they are handy instead of trying to dig them out of a crowded drawer . I 've overloaded my racks with lightweight plastic as well as metal utensils , potholders and hand towels . Even though I have doubled and tripled the number of items on each hook , the racks have not slipped 1 millimeter.These racks firmly adhere to both my 2008 textured Whirlpool fridge and my 2009 over-the-stove Hotpoint microwave oven . I mention the age and brand of my appliances because a number of people have reported problems with weak magnets and slippage . I do n't think the problem is with the textured coating but rather the structural material under the coating . Magnetic performance might be related to the age and composition of the appliance or the make and model . I presume that some fridges have more metal or less insulation than others . I tested my appliances with rare earth magnets before I purchased this product . They are inexpensive , sold by Amazon and accurately predicted the magnetic sensitivity of my appliances . I 've been using them to attach my kitchen knives to my fridge for a couple of years and they work great!I absolutely adore these racks and plan to buy a few more . I want to hang a couple on the side of my stove . They are space saving , attractive , low-profile storage for spatulas , whisks , large spoons , kitchen shears , hand towels , cheese graters and just about anything else fairly lightweight that can hang on a hook . -LRB- I would n't try to hang my cast iron on them ! -RRB- The little ` ball stops ' on the ends of the hooks are n't very large so most anything with a hole in it will fit . A terrific organizational tool particularly when space is limited .
 This thing is so cool ! The magnets are very , very strong and the thing does n't move around or slip once you have it where you want it . Lovely !
 I am using this on the side of my fridge and it is very reliable . I use it to hold utensils and mitten gloves -LRB- double loading i.e. , two items per hanger -RRB- and it is holding very well . The magnate is very strong , it never moves even when I am loading or unloading the items .
 I bought 2 of these and put them on my fridge . I use to dig through drawers looking for utencils . Not any more .
 My husband got a fancy grill from Lowe 's . The only drawback ... no place to hang our cooking utensils . I came across this hook rack on Amazon and thought I would give it a try . The price was great . We have had this for over a year now and it is perfect ! Holds up in strong winds and weather . It works great on our grill and holds all of the utensils we need !
 I shopped all over for a magnetic hook system to put on my frig . I also checked all over the internet . The only one that had it ... Amazon of course . It is very strong and looks good on my frig which is right next to my stove -LRB- I have a very small kitchen -RRB- . I use it for my measuring cups and spoons . It is handy and stops me for digging in my drawers to find my measuring utensils . Why did n't I think of this sooner ? One of the nicest looking and cheapest additions to my almost efficient tiny kitchen .
 I love this product ! I hestitated ordering it after reading the reviews saying that it did n't stick to textured surfaces , because that would be the only place I could use it . When I got it I loaded it up and it sticks like glue with no drifting down . I even have several things on two of the hooks . Finally I can open and shut my utensil drawer easily . The drawers in my kitchen are not deep at all and spatulas and utensils always catch , making it hard to open and shut the drawers . This has solved my problem completely . In fact , I like it so much that I ordered another one immediately . I will put one above the other on the side of the refrigerator and have all my utensils handy when cooking . Wonderful product !
 I think that these things are great . They hold five utensils on my fridge fine . Also good for holding measuring cups and spoons .
 Excellent product . We bought several types of magnets and they all worked well for different purposes . We read that this one would slide down a non-smooth refrigerator , but we have had no problem with it . The magnets are quite large and have more strength than we expected .
 These magnets are really powerful!I have them attached to the inside of a range hood , so the `` textured surface '' issue some have written about does n't apply to me.I think they are a sleep design and I am quite happy with them .
 I have metal cabinets and these magnets are outstanding ! Hold SOLIDLY to cabinets . Believe I could hang most anything on them and it would stick . Definitely recommend .
 This is an excellent product for your cooking utensils . It fits neatly on your refrigerator.Best of all it requires no nails or screws .
 I bought this and the magnetic paper towel holder . Both have very strong magnets and adhere robustly to the refrig . However , I did not have the same success with the magnetic towel holder . I later learned that there are various manufacturers of these magnetic space saving products and some make inferior ones . The magnetic hook strip -LRB- utensil holder -RRB- by Better Houseware Group is a very good product .
 The magnets on this are plenty strong enough to hold even a small frying pan . The issue is even a super strong magnet will slide down the side of the fridge -- the surface is just too slick . I secured it with a few dabs of hot glue , it 's not impossible to remove , problem solved . Maybe somebody will say , &#34; hey man just put nail polish on the back and it wo n't slide , it 's like backwards WD-40 . &#34; Do n't waste your money buying a neodymium magnet to hold this as they still slide all over the place . It 's like a bowling ball in a hockey rink .
 Got this to hold kitchen tools , whisks etc. . I read a lot of complaints about the magnets not being very strong on textured finish refrigerators . I do n't know what they were trying to hang but it works great on our textured fridge . I 'll grant you it wo n't hold a 12 '' cast iron skillet -LRB- I tried it ! -RRB- but it will hold anything within reason -LRB- at least it does for me -RRB- . I very highly recommend it .
 Great way to keep frequently used kitchen tools right at your fingertips on the side of the refrigerator . Does n't slip .
 I purchased this to hang my potholders and dish towel on since I didn &#34; t want to hang them on the stove door.the magnet is awsome it really stick to the frig .
 This super strong rack is now hanging on my fridge and it takes 2 hands to pull it off if I want to move it . I have every hook filled with cooking tools and could n't be happier . It 's also pretty . High quality !
 I read the reviews and to the ones that wrote that the magnets were n't strong enough I can only say `` What the heck were you trying to put on them ? '' I received mine today and put it straight to work . The magnets were very strong and stuck firmly to my refrigerator , which has a textured finish by the way . I hung utensils and dishcloths and aprons on it and it stuck like glue . It saved space in a space challenged kitchen and looks good while doing it . 5 stars from me . I 'll order more for friends who have the same issues .
 At my job we needed a strong magnetic hook bar to hold our commercial brand kitchen utensils which are heavy stainless steel.This hook bar is very , very strong & durable & great looking
 This is actually better than I thought it would be . The magnetics are heavy duty - but that does n't mean you can put super heavy pieces on it ! I have about 10 different utensils on this and the fact that it is on my fridge , helped me clean out a drawer !! Perfect for small kitchens !!!
 I am limited for space in cupboards , countertops and wall space . This is convient for me for extra places to put hot pads , measuring cups/spoons . etc. . Magnet is very strong .
 Looks really nice and I had no trouble putting it where I wanted . The magnets are super strong and seem to stick to any metal appliance . I really like it a lot . I highly recommend it to anyone who needs a magnetic hanger .
 I love the item , it 's just what I wanted . The rack kept slipping once I placed the utensils on it . I had to go to Home Depot to get a few additional magnets to resolve the problem . Otherwise , it 's nice !
 i bought this together with the magnetic papertowel holder . . and it works perfect . . i attached it to the side of my stove . . so it 's always handy for me ... it never slips . . stays in place securely ... thank u Amazon
 Hi . Got this item for my kitchen and thought I would use it on the metal panel over my stove since so many of the reviews stated it does n't hold on textured refrigerators -LRB- which I have -RRB- . I found out the back of my stove is plastic and not metal so I tried the fridge . It holds great . Not sure what all the comments about it falling off a textured fridge are about but in my experience it holds nice and strong . I love it .
 Absolutely UNIQUE & very useful product ... Loved it ! Safely packed & shipped quickly . Excellent seller ! Will recommend to others .
 I have a very small , old fashioned kitchen with very limited storage space as far as drawers and cabinets . There is not enough room to store my spatula 's , mixing spoons , etc. in the drawers , so I purchased 3 of these . I put 2 on the side of my refrigerator over the stove and one on the refrigerator door . This solution works for me and keeps what very limited counter space I have better organized . No more `` spatula/mixing spoon pile up '' on the counter . Also I want to mention that the magnets are very `` sticky '' and that it takes a real good yank to get them unstuck if you want to move them . Great idea , great product . Now , if they were manufactured in the USA I would have given them a 5 star rating instead of a 4 .
 I was ridiculously excited to have this thing when it came , and I got it out of the box , stuck it on the fridge , and the left side kept slipping down . I 'd fix it and the next time I was in the kitchen it had slipped again . If I still had the box I might have sent it back , but within a week it quit slipping . Do n't ask me to explain it , I 'm just the reporter here . Now it 's fine , my pot holders and measuring cups are handy , and I 'm pleased ...
 This is such a great addition to your kitchen ! The magnets are VERY strong - I 've had a hard time pulling them off actually when deciding on the best place for everything ! The hooks are semi close together , so things may not lay as pretty as you like , but function wise it 's great . These magnets are QUITE large which I was n't expecting , so just be aware . They also swivel so you can use it in different ways . We have it hanging on our exhaust for the stove , in the back , with all my measuring cups , spatulas , measuring spoons , turner and serving spoons on it . I wish I had more room in my kitchen where it could go because I 'd love to buy another one !
 I use my hook rack to hang my apron , pot holders and some cooking tools . Works quite well . Magnet is stong enough .
 We dont have a lot of space so this works great on are frig and is right next to the stove for easy use . I bought 2 more of these because they work great
 Arrived on time as described . The magnets are strong . I use it for my most used utensils and am pleased I purchased it .
 Love this product ! Holds things really well . My daughter has one and I loved hers so bought one for myself .
 Was concerned by reviews that suggest magnets are n't strong enough . But the magnets are super strong and I have it loaded with my stainless steel utensils . It was exactly what I was looking for ! Now I have my utensils right where I want them .
 Got this for my travel trailer - works great ! Space is limited so this gives me access to what I need and keeps it out of my way .
 As with the magnetic double towel rack we love this magnet hook system to hang our grilling tools and accessories . Works like a charm .
 I have an older home so some of the cupboards and drawers are in disrepair . The drawer I use for kitchen tools was overloaded and I had to come up with a solution . Since I found a few other organization items on Amazon , that 's where I searched . I found a Magnetic Hook Rack that I put on my fridge right next to the stove . AND I can put more than one item on some of the hooks . That 's what I call a really handy item ! Now they are right at my fingertips when cooking .
 I would definitely order again if necessary and especially give it as a gift . Very useful and sturdy . If you pull VERY hard it will obviously slide but the magnet is nice and strong.You should get it !
 This utensil rack has amazingly strong magnets and works just as it should . Perfect for hanging all those cool utensils I have .
 I bought my first Magnetic Utensil Hook when I moved in with my daughter . Her refrigerator was next to the stove and when I saw the magnetic utensil holder at a local store , I bought it . I was n't sure that the magnet would be strong enough to hold a bunch of utensils but it does and I have two utensils on each hook . I also bought one for my son-in-law for his BBQ and he loves it .
 This item was also ordered to get some utensils and pot holders out of much needed drawer space . Works well affixed to the side of my refrigerator . Very strong magnetic hold works well .
 Very attractive , and strong enough to hold utensils and potholders without sliding . The hooks are shaped correctly so that the utensils hang flat against the wall . Fits perfectly on the side of my microwave . Recommended !
 Ordered before I read reviews on magnets not working very well on textured surfaces - resigned myself to giving this away since it probably was going to slide down the fridge when fully loaded - but it did n't ! Although it may not hold a lot of heavier items , it 's working perfectly well for my purposes -LRB- several metal utensils and pot holders -RRB- .
 Honestly , I do n't know what people were thinking when they posted negative reviews on this product ! They clearly did n't buy the item I bought ... I currently have mine `` stuck '' on our bbq , and it 's holding 5 utensils perfectly . I used the word `` stuck , '' because when I wanted to test it on our textured fridge -LRB- another reviewer said it would n't `` stick '' there -RRB- , I had a hard time removing it from the side of the bbq , the magnets were so strong ! Needless to say , the hooks stuck perfectly to OUR textured fridge , with 5 utensils too . -LRB- Maybe the item has been re-manufactured ? Or are these naysayers just liars ? Who knows ? -RRB- Just ignore the negative peeps and get this puppy , cuz it 's super strong and does exactly what it 's supposed to do
 I bought these hooks to use on my stainless steel grill to hold my utensils while I 'm grilling , and it works perfectly . The magnets are nice and strong so they have no problem holding onto my heavy metal tongs , spatula , and other accessories . The stainless steel finish is also holding up to being outside in the Florida weather , no rust or discoloration .
 I purchased char-broil magnets for my grill to hold utensils while cooking . These hooks were too large to fit into the holding holes on most of my utensils . So I purchased this as an alternative and it worked great .
 i was looking for a magnetic rack strong enough to hold a broom and dustpan on my fridge . This one works great . I even added a duster and wisk broom . I recommend this to anyone who needs a strong magnetic rack .
 Just put this on the fridge , and I love it . It 's not too big and cumbersome , it 's sleek and low profile . I am not hanging very heavy things from it , but feel I could if I wanted to , the magnets are very strong .
 Another user suggested this product to me for my grill -LRB- also purchased on Amazon.com -RRB- in which my only complaint was the lack of utensil holders . Works great ! Magnets are very powerful and have no trouble holding large and heavy grill utensils ...
 Bought to use for storage on the side of our refrigerator . Would have given a five , but one of the magnets seems to be weaker than the other so if weight is iffy , one side tends to slide down slowly . Keep things light enough for the weakest link and product works fine .
 This little hook rack was just what I needed for my kitchen spoons . I liked it so much I bought two more for my measuring cups and spoons . They look great and work just right .
 The magnets are very powerful . I 'm using it for keys -LRB- lots of keys -RRB- but I expect it would easily hold several pots . The utensils pictured would be no challenge at all .
 All I can say is that this thing is awesome ! It is very strong and exactly what I needed . I wanted something to hang kids ' jackets on the side of a large metal desk . I wish I had enough margin in the budget to order a dozen more like it for every metal surface in the house because I can think of a lot of other ideas for how to use it . I ca n't imagine anyone being disappointed in this product .
 I purchased this along with the paper towel holder to free up some counter space . I love this rack ; it is holding up well on my textured fridge . I have each hook holding an item
 This product is perfect ! I bought two . Just what I needed to remove the clutter in my kitchen drawer . Now , my kitchen is a bit more organized , and I can actually find things .
 Anyone that wants to hang utensils from a metal/aluminum BBQ should buy this . Excellent price , magnets are strong enough to hold a decent amount of weight -LRB- do n't try to hang from it though lol -RRB- , and it complements the looks of my BBQ .
 I was not able to fit this balloon in my flue because the flue was too far above the damper . So I bought the wrong size for my application . I 'm going to try putting it up in the top of my chimney where the flue is easily accessed . My problem was that I did not do enough research . This is definitely a MEASURE TWICE CUT ONCE type of product . Go to the ChimneyBalloon.com website and get educated first , then order one.The product seems well designed and the instructions are good . I felt the price was high but I guess fair since many people might mistakenly buy the wrong size and they likely have to handle a lot of returns and or exchanges . I think they are good at this though , or so I 've read.Amazon was fast and reliable as they always are .
 This better-than-mink-blanket turned out to look just like the advertised photo if not a tad better . I was stunned . I shop at upscale stores and did not expect this fabulous product at this low price . Just what I needed for a lounge/bed cover . Fine delivery as well .
 This blanket is soft and shiny . My mom had one like it that she got as a gift from my grandpa , in the 80 's . This one reminds me a lot of that one , which is nice . It is not a super-heavy blanket , more medium weight . Nice coverlet . I live in Texas where it is usually pretty warm . It says hand wash only , but I machine washed it on gentle with no issues . This blanket is an excellent value !
 Super soft , cool when it needs to be and warm during the winter . Perfect color of the deep blue ocean .
 I have n't had to wash it yet so I do n't know how it 'll be after that . Right now it 's SO soft and warm . I can not wait till winter starts and I get to cuddle under it . It 's a little luxury in a mom 's life right now .
 Thank you I received this in time for the holidays it was fast and exactly how i needed it to be !
 What a lovely and warm blanket . I was so surprised to get such a great quality item for such a resonable price .
 Very Warm Blanket , but it sheds worse than a dog , I have pieces of blue lint all over the bed
 Its warm , feels good and looks great . If I need more blamkets I willo buy this type - Sara Premium - again and recommend it to others.Bob
 this is my winter buddy for sure . Thick , medium weight , and plush ... no complaints whatsoever . Have yet to wash it , but sure that it will last a long time .
 I love these blankets ! They are so toasty warm ! These are the best blankets ever made ! I highly recommend them !
 My 2 yr . old granddaughter has a furry little blanket that she loves . My grandson looke at me and asked &#34; why did n't anybody get me one of these &#34; ? So I got it for Christmas . He loves it . It 's so warm .
 I gave this blanket as a gift for Christmas . The recipient who lives in Colorado states the following &#34; The cold nights of turning the thermostat up are over . The blanket is very warm , well made and most of all comfortable &#34; . It arrived on time and the cost was well worth the continuous thanks I get today . I would recommend this blanket to anyone who is tired of being cold .
 This is the best blanket I have ever bought . Really keeps you warm and toasty on cold nights . It feels so soft and nice . Since I have bought this blanket my cat even snuggles under it .
 This is a very nice blanket , very warm and looks great , I have it on a double bed which works great BUT I 'm sure it would be too small for a queen .
 Just as described . Soft like a plushy , animal toy . I love it . Arrived w/in the time stated . Mahalo & thanks . Happy holidays
 Beautiful color and very soft . Was a great Christmas present !!! I gave this one for a present , but may have to get another one for me .
 Would have been 5 stars if it did n't shed so many little mink balls . Have n't washed it yet so that may help when I do.Ordered another for my girlfriend and she loves it as well . It does n't trap too much air so you do n't sweat like crazy , but it 's warm enough when coupled with my electric blanket -LRB- On setting 2/10 -RRB- to handle keeping me warm overnight in an all-tile house where I do n't use any central heating . Would definitely recommend it .
 thiis product is more than i expected -- the quality is outstanding and the price can not be beat -- i definatelywould recommend this product .
 perfect , lush n warm . just right for my needs ! ty !!! the korean mink is fab and very soft n the colour was as advertised : -RRB-
 Excellent choice . My daughter loves it , and wants to steal it ! The delivery was quick and the blanket was of good quality ! I recommend this to anyone .
 Good product , nice quality , strongly manufactured . Medium size , fits almost all cabinets in my kitchen . Good for its purpose . No compaints !
 I have two old rubbermaid dishpans , about thirty years old . They were looking a bit old , so I wanted to buy new dishpans . When I could n't find Rubbermaid dishpans , I bought another brand . Big mistake . They broke within in three weeks . So I needed new ones . I am so glad to find Rubbermaid dishpans . I expect my new ones will last another 30 years , like my old ones did . Always buy Rubbermaid . They are the best !!
 This is a good quality dish pan . I use it for more things than dishes and recommend it to anybody .
 I have used rubbermain products for years and years . It is just that they are so hard to find anymore .
 I use this for the purpose of soaking my aching feet . It is the perfect size to accommodate the feet .
 This dishpan is sturdy and large . It can easily fit large pans that need soaking from burnt on grease or sauce . It also lightweight which makes it easier to pick up if filled with water .
 Not sure what to say about this product . It is a good foot washing tub or container for floor washing or maybe the occasional slow water leak under a sink . How can you go wrong . It seems to be well constructed and should hang in there for the long run .
 I am so thankful to be able to find this product after looking in several stores in our area.We used our last dishpan for many years , but it was looking poorly so I really wanted a new one.It 's perfect!Thank you . Karen Baggott
 This is a good dishpan and fits most regular sized sinks . It is not quite as heavy as the dishpans I already have , but it does a good job .
 Anyone who is looking for a good dishpan does not have to look any further . This is a nice solid pan that fits nice in your twin sink . I had one like this that I used for years until it got so worn out that I had to replace it . I had a hard time trying to find one in a store until I finally thought to look on Amazon.com . Buy this and you will be set for years .
 The best thing I can say is that for a change this is a solid rugged product that will last more than one day . Thanks .
 It 's sturdy . I do wish it were deeper and wider . That 's the reason that I gave it only four stars . If you intend to soak many dishes , it 's too small .
 Almost all the foot baths on Amazon did n't have great reviews -LRB- unless they costed an arm and a leg -RRB- so I got this . It 's perfect for what I needed it do
 dont worry about its quality ! I soak my feet in hot water with it , after few days use , it still seems good .
 Serves its purpose . Color and size I needed . I 'm annoyed that you ca n't seem to find this color in the stores anymore . Did n't think I 'd have to order a dishpan online .
 Just what I needed . Rubbermaid quality . Serves perfectly for washing dishes or even as a mop bucket . Well pleased . Definitely would purchase again .
 Good water pan , I can use it to soak my feet.I wish it could be even cheaper , so 4 stars .
 just what i needed . with just one sink i needed a bit more space to help with the dishes . This does the trick nicely . The only complaint I have is it would be nice if it were just a bit bigger . but it fits in my sink nicely when I am not using it , so larger might just be less helpful .
 the size was smaller than I expected , which made me happy because I wanted something smaller for soaking my socks lol . super saving shipping was nice
 a rubbermaid dishpan will last for years.want bend break or crack.had to go to the internet to find one.the saying walmart has everythng . well they do n't have rubbermaid products anymore.kitchen stories do n't carry them.they are the only brand to buy unless you want to replace other brands often.thanks amazon for having these.nelda
 hi i recently bought these dish pans for my 2 dogs . the pans a white and medium which is a good size pan i might add just fill the pan up and your good 2 go .
 these tubs are great for the price . I use them under my aquarium to set my cannister filters in just in case of an overflow .
 Rubbermaid is an excellent product , but this is SO hard to find . I do not anything white in my kitchen as I have an almond colored one so the white will not do and that is all you find today ! So glad you can still find it here in the color I want !
 My Grandmother uses these in her sinks , so I bought her two as a gift . They are a good color , that will stay clean longer than white , and the perfect size .
 I 've lived in 3 places in the past 6 months and I get these for each place ... . it just makes it so easy to soak dishes in the sink or on a chair ... carry things around ... Just such a simple thing but it makes the whole cleaning process more maneuverable.Good for projects , clothes , transport , whatever ... . tried and true .
 what can I write , it 's a tub , does n't leak , does it 's job ... what else can I write , it 's a tub .
 Bisque color goes well in kitchen . It stains but is sturdy and accommodates a load of dishes and fits into sink .
 A bit too much money , and not quite the right color for our kitchen but it was a close match .
 I ordered this to provide extra sink space in my smaller Kitchen . I fill this full of hot water , put in dirty dishes , swish , and they 're ready for the dishwasher ! And I 'm not running water doing it . Works perfectly , fits my sinks perfectly , and looks like it 's durable enough to last a long time .
 I would like to have it a bit bigger , but in has its size mentioned in a description , hence nothing to complaint about .
 This pan is very handy and I use it for many other things . I use it when I clean the outside refrig . and other cleaning projects.good for soaking produts in it .
 I bought 2 of these basins . I hand wash my lingerie in this . I use the other one for the other sink for dishes . Fits the sink perfectly .
 It 's a dishpan , but it 's the brand I 've used all my life . Rubbermaid dishpans never break and last a long time . I do replace my dishpans after about 6-9 months -LRB- plastic tends to retain bacteria -RRB- but this one is cheap enough that I do n't mind the cost to replace it . I like the Bisque color because stark white always looks slightly discolored after a few weeks . This dishpan is part of my everyday life .
 I was searching for a type of tub to soak my feet , and it works just find for that . But I found I was able to use it to do my handwashables since I have a few blouses that require to be hand washed . Planning to get a liner because I can see I will be using it for many other things . It 's sturdy and decent size .
 My wife got tired of the dark plastic one we have had for 8 or 12 years ... she wanted a light colored one to match her kitchen . All the pans in the area stores were dark . I looked on line and found a light colored one . The company was prompt and wrapped the dish pan well . What can you say , it was good quality like the one it replaced ... hope to never have to get another one ...
 Yes this is the second one I got for 2 different uses.Good quality ~ holds up very well & price is very good.Thanks Amazon !
 We have been using these dishpans in my house since I was a little girl . They last for YEARS and unlike other plastic wares , almost never crack or deteriorate , especially at the top -LRB- lifting -RRB- edge . When they get too old / stained I just buy another one like it . I usually save the old ones to use for crafts , such as washing sand off beach rocks , painting , you name it.I recently moved to a new apartment and wanted a new dishpan so I 'd have something for washing glassware and other small items I did n't want to put in the dishwasher , or for doing the dishes when I was the only person dirtying them - one person 's sandwich plate certainly does n't require a dishwasher to clean . Imagine my surprise when I could not find these in my local kitchen supplies stores . Instead they had some awful little half-size clear plastic pan that was barely big enough to HOLD a dish let alone submerge it . Thank you Rubbermaid and Amazon for continuing to carry this tried-and-true item .
 Good quality , so it wo n't crack in months , I do n't think . Bought here at Amazon . / \ / \ arty
 The dishpan is of good quality . And I would have given the product 5 stars -LRB- and maybe I should have -RRB- but I did n't realize that the pan is only 51/2 inches deep . It 's my fault for not reading the dimensions , but I thought I 'd alert anyone who needs a deeper pan that this one is n't for you .
 Rubbermaid has always had great products , it 's just that they are just a little hard to find . I was able to find them thru your site and the dish pan is working out great for us .
 These last a LONG time . Everytime mine wears out -LRB- years of use -RRB- I buy another one just like it . I may choose a different color , but always the same style dishpan . The Sterilite ones just do n't hold up.Today was the day I planned to replace my old one -- just a plain dishpan without any handles on the ends -- seemed like a simple project.Well , my simple project for the day was n't ... there was n't a Rubbermaid dishpan to be found at the local retailers I usually frequent . Walmart does n't carry them anymore . I checked both our local Super Walmart Store and a second Walmart Store as well as two other stores . I never thought I would be reduced to buying a dishpan online and paying postage to get it to boot . However , I have tried the Sterilite dishpans before and I am not going there again.I do n't like to just put the plug in my kitchen sink when washing fine crystal and china by hand . Sinks are HARD and a little bump can cause damage to expensive items . The mats that fit on the bottom of the sink are not as much protection as a full dishpan . I much prefer to use a rubbermaid dishpan filled with suds for the job of washing my nice dinnerware and crystal to reduce any chance of chipping . This dishpan is a little more flexible than the Sterilite brand.We use our dishpan in the kitchen in the traditional way , plus we put this style dishpan to a lot of other uses . It goes camping with us . It can withstand a trip to the garden to be filled with fresh produce . You can shuck corn into it , thaw a chicken or small frozen turkey breast in it -LRB- covered with water -RRB- , soak your feet in it , use it as a baby bath or use it as an undersink container for cleaning supplies . -LRB- I recommend you keep a second one for the feet and bathing jobs . -RRB- This dishpan is a nice `` tool '' to have in the kitchen or bathroom and should give years of service .
 This is one of those plain old sturdy utilitarian products one used to find in every hardware store , and like most of them is now really hard to find anywhere . I 've used mine daily as a dishpan or to wash delicates for around 10 years . Just this week the rim cracked , and I ca n't really blame it . The one before that was used to do things like changing my oil or washing my car . Like another reviewer I never thought I 'd be buying a dishpan online , and I 'm annoyed to pay more in shipping than the basin costs , but what choice do I have ? It 's worth it for the long life I can expect from it .
 I was looking for a basin to soak my foot after a toe injury , and this seemed like one of the best made options on Amazon . It is sufficiently large for one or both feet . The antimicrobial feature is good for preventing infection , and it arrived in good condition -- very sturdy and does not leak . So if you 're looking for a basin to soak your feet , this works well .
 I was glad to find this color since all I could find in the stores were white . This goes better with my stone sink and is a perfect fit . Rubbermaid makes very good products and this is not my first one from them .
 I agree with a previous reviewer . I 've had one of these for YEARS to wash delicates , soak feet , do my nails , etc. . They used to be EVERYWHERE . I use my old one as a drawer and found myself regularly emptying it to use it all the time so finally I decided to get another one . I could not find this plain utilitarian tube anywhere ! It was like they ceased to exist . After the last time I emptied it just to wash some delicates I searched on amazon and found this . Perfect , what else is there to say ? Deep enough for whatever use you need it for -LRB- apparently it 's for washing dishes -RRB- but small enough it 's easily portable . You can use it for whatever you can think of . Sturdy and great .
 I 've been VERY critical of Rubbermaid products in the past that are n't the least bit reliable , but I really ca n't find any faults with their dish pans . Alright maybe the one advertised here is pretty small but since it 's just me in the house most of the time -LRB- since I do n't believe in marriage or kids -RRB- I ca n't really complain about the small size of this pan . Its small size is too convenient to complain . I used to call this a dish bucket . Am I still right ? Make sure you rinse the yucky water out of the pan when you 're done with the dishes . Some people leave the dirty water in the pan all night and I simply do n't understand why . It 's gross water , and more importantly leaving the dirty water in the pain overnight opens up the risk of staining the sides . That 's a big no no .
 This dishpan lives up to Rubbermaid 's reputation . It 's sturdy . I did n't buy it for dishes . But I 'm positive the water wo n't leak out when I soak my feet in it . That 's all I wanted . So , I 'm well-satisfied . If I washed dishes , I 'd definitely wash them in here . Grea value and fast ship !
 I wanted something to use as a foot soak pan . I have had electric , massage , etc. etc. soakers but did not always want to go find , figure out how to clean and then to store them again.I wanted something simple and easy to use . So this pan works wonderfully . It is more than long enough for my 10 wide feet . It is deep enough to include the ankles . I just fill with warm or hot water and add whatever footsoak I want . Easy to use wherever I happen to be , watching tv , reading , etc. . When I have soaked enough , I towel off and clean the pan at the kitchen sink and put into the drainer . It is ready to use next time.I did n't have to worry about electricity , cords , storing , etc. . It can be washed in the dishwasher if I want . I find it very easy and useful . Thanks Rubbermaid .
 I have diabetes and very thick toenails . Before I can clip them , I used to have to soak in the tub for an hour . That 's gets harder to do as I get older with arthritis . This dish pan is the remedy ! I can fill it with bubble bath and sit and read while I soak my feet before grooming . It 's sturdy enough to carry from bath to bedroom and is an inexpensive answer to my dilemma .
 I scoured the internet in search of reviews on this product prior to purchase . Most were positive , but some complained of a ` defective ' baker . I think it 's either the way it 's shipped or perhaps literally some of the ovens are not made correctly and still shipped out . I 'm not sure . Personally , mine works like a gem . Is it perfect ? No , but you get what you pay for . If you want a perfect one you have to spend 150 + dollars . The only bad part about this oven is at times it can cook different pizza styles completely different . I can put a thicker crust pizza in for 8 minutes and have it be perfect , but I can put a thin crust pizza in and have it take 10-14 minutes , sometimes with it not being perfect still after that amount of time . It will still be done on most occasions , but not to some people 's liking . The key really is just to make sure you watch it , like you would with a pizza in the oven . If you watch it , you can take it out when it 's just perfect.Overall , for $ 50 -LRB- what I paid -RRB- it 's a heck of a deal . If you have to pay ~ 75 or more , I 'd say just splurge on a better one .
 This product was great , really large can fit a large pizza inside ! My only complaint is how it was shipped , it bwas shipped in its original box with a huge picture of what it was on the outside , letting everybody kmpw what I had ordered and was left outside my house . Luckily I have good neighbors and the person I bought this for was n't home . Great product though !
 This pizza oven is great for cooking frozen pizza , cooks a frozen pizza in less time than it takes to get your oven to the correct temperature !! You have to keep an eye on it as it can burn the edges pretty quick because it is so FAST ! I do rotate the pizza once durning cooking time as it seems to cook faster towards the back of the oven . It 's great for egg rolls , fries , poppers , etc too as it gets them crisper than the oven does !
 it needs a stop on the grill . Pizza too easily slides off when pulling out to rotate . Otherwise , cooked a delicious pizza.Love the immediate cooking - no heating up the oven .
 This was a replacement oven for one which needed a new temperature control . I love these type of pizza ovens . They do a great job , just like a pizzeria . Light weight so is easy to move around . I move it outside in hot weather , so it does not keep the heat in the house.Only drawback is that you can only get up to a medium pizza in , but is fine for me as it is only myself and husband .
 I bought this pizza oven for my son who uses it often to make pizza for him and his friends . They wore out the first one that we had so ordered another .
 Worked Great right from the Box Cooks a Pizza from Freezer to Table in 15 Minutes . After reading some of the poor reviews about this Item it goes to show that not Everyone can Make a Pizza : -RRB-
 Not sure why people claim it does n't get hot enough - Frozen Pizza cooked to perfection in 8-12 minutes ? That 's what it does ! ... and HOT ! Do n't touch the thing for about 45 minutes afterward because it gets REALLY hot ! Mine came with the manual , although if you ca n't cook a pizza with one of these without the manual you better just order from Dominos ! Great deal ! Great pizza oven ! Great price !
 We have had this for over 6 years . Love it , I would buy again in a heart beat . Hubby broke the bottom element so I guess we will be buying it again , cant seem to locate replacement parts though .
 This product is of high quality and performs beautifullyThe stainless steel housing looks greatI would tell my friends to purchase this pizza oven
 I got these refills to replace the spent pack in my bathroom model -LRB- with the edge-of-the-toilet hanger -RRB- . They fit . They suck the moisture out just as well as the originals . They 're individually wrapped in plastic so I do n't need to worry about storing them in a dry place.It 's a simple product , sure , but I 'm happy to say that it works as advertised !
 I had not purchased refills before so I really had no idea how much they would cost . The little 4-Pack symbol on the image usually means you get four of whatever is pictured . That would mean a total of 16 refills in four packages . Howeover , only one package was shipped . Granted , now that I compare prices , I should have known that I would only get one , but it still seems like the ad should be more clear . The Damp Rid itself works well but until this listing is changed , it gets three stars from me . Oh it 's also cheaper with free shipping at another website . 7/19/12 edit
 I have used DAMP RID products for years in a house near the beach that would have a film of mold growing up shoes and clothes in closets . Several pieces of furniture had to be trashed before I finally found this product.I started with the containers that you have to pour the pellets into and they worked well . Then I graduated to the ones that you can hang on the closet rod and loved them.But when they came out with the larger room containers that can sit on a shelf or floor , I became hooked . I have about a dozen through out our house , tucked into corners of rooms and closets . The paper refill pack makes the chore much easier to do . The container itself is shaped so that you can grasp it and empty the liquid out of it fairly easily . The refill fits in and the lid locks over it . I mark the paper refill with the date I change it and can gauge how soon it will be before the next change in that location.I am disappointed to not be able to find the 21-ounce refill bags anymore but I will make do with using two as the company suggests .
 The moisture absorbing material is pretty good , after it absorbs water it dissapears and you have a bag with some brown stuff in it . almost like a fungus , but it does n't smell . toss the bag and thats it . It works well for enclosed , smaller areas .
 Damp Rid really works , been a fan for years and have turned many people on to its uses . Knocked off a star because , even with free shipping , this product is a couple dollars less -LRB- than current $ 9.50 Amazon price -RRB- at Home Depot , etc. . I 'd only buy it here if you 're housebound or do n't have hardware type stores in the nearby vicinity .
 We got the DampRid about few months ago to put in our master bedroom walk-in closet , which is connected to our bathroom -LRB- though separated by a door -RRB- and the absorbing unit was almost full of water after 3 to 4 months of use with the original absorbing pouch . I would never have thought that there would be that much moisture in a walk-in closet - and we keep the door closed all the time too -LRB- and live in a place that 's dry in the summer months -RRB- . So I 'm glad we got the DampRid.After dumping out the water , I left the original pouch in the unit . It still absorbed moisture , but at a much slower rate than before . So I got the refill packs and it definitely helped absorb more moisture compared to the 3-4 month old pouch.I do think the 4-pack refill was slightly cheaper at Bed , Bath , and Beyond if you have one of their 20 % off coupon . But there 's no sales tax on Amazon where I 'm from . It 's definitely worth it though .
 This product works without electricity to pull excess moisture from damp air . I left my A/C off for two weeks while on vacation and the damp rid alone kept the apartment fresh in the deep south , and the containers were nearly full of the water the packets had sucked out of the air ! Buy it online for the best price . If you worry about dampness and mildew , just get it .
 It works good for me . I 'm trying to remove some of this unwanted moisture in my room . So far so good .
 It 's DampRid , what can I say ? Growing up in the desert I never had a need for this , but now living in Florida , it 's an essential for any home .
 This is one the best things brought to the consumerism . i live in San Francisco where it is very humid so mold is a big issue . I have used this and the closet version and it has saved us from using bleach to clean the walls every month . The only hassle is to discard and clean the container that it goes in .
 I bought this as my first refill after mistakenly opening the package that came with my Damprid FG91 container . I thought you ripped the packet open and poured the desicant in like you do with the damprid buckets.Once I placed this packet in , it was only a few days before the water level was noticeable . It filled up fairly quickly , which is a good thing.However , it 's winter now , so the humidity is down and I can not report on how well this product performs in high humidity yet.For example , the meter says 31 % humidity now , but It 's been up in the 80 % range in the summer . I 'd like to see how this packet performs then ... when I really need it .
 Great product that really works . I have been using this product for years to remove moisture from closet areas and it does the job . Did a competitive price comparison and nobody could beat Amazon 's price !
 We live in Washington , DC in a ground level condo in a converted schoolhouse . Previously our HVAC unit -LRB- which is in our loft -RRB- `` sweat '' so badly that the AC motor burned out costing us $ 500 . I tried this product in the HVAC room placed near the cooling lines . IT worked ! No more `` sweating '' and it lasts about 1 month in our humid 100 + degree . So a packet of 4 will most likely last all summer and at $ 8.00 its paid for itself already . I strongly recommend this product .
 I use DampRid in all the rooms in the lower level of our bilevel house . It really helps keep the mildew at bay . Wish I had know about the product 10 years ago .
 I never heard of DampRid until last year . I was going away for a month and needed something to take the moisture out of the air . I turn the electric off before I leave , so I ca n't have the A/C running on low like some Floridians do.I bought several 2 packs of these DampRid products , so I could put one in every room.DampRid FG60 Refillable Moisture Absorber , 2-PackI also bought several passion flower scented sachets to put in every every room , in an extra attempt to keep the house smelling nicer.WillowBrook Passion Flower SachetUsually when I get back after my vacation , I dread walking in the door , but I was pleasently surprised . The house did n't have the musty smell , there was no damp and the house smelled very nice . The DampRid granules had n't ran out either , they were still going strong.It is the start of the hot humid season in Florida again . I 'm not going away this year , but I 'm using DampRid again , as I do n't want to put the A/C on until I really have to . I do n't have the A/C on at night so these DampRids are working again to keep my house nice.I 'm using these refills this time to put in the containers from last year . I 'm really glad I found this stuff .
 I always seek out Damprids at whatever home center I am at for the bathroom areas in particular , the product works well .
 Worked.Used it in my bathroom and it worked great.Bought it before and will buy it again.Took the damp outta my apt .
 works awesome for my small bathroom that isnt vented well . really helpful in controlling moisture and mold . been using for two years .
 I have a summer home and we live there less then 3 or 4 months a year . I use DampRid to keep the moister out of the inside or the home preventing mildew or mold when we are not there runing the central unit . It works great . The money I spend on DampRid is money well spent .
 Better than I anticipated . Does n't make the closet smell anything but fresh ! I rarely give a 5 star . This product deserves it .
 Yes you need these for your dehumidifier ... but they work great . We only use 1 a year during the times we have our Komfort Trailer in storage . So well worth the money to help keep the damp moisture and smells out of our unit .
 Currently , there are just too many products that those of us , raised before the advent of modern teachnology , have no clue about . This &#34; moisture reducing &#34; offering does just what it claims with no complicated instructions . Hurrah !!
 I use these in a laundry room area and keeps the mildew smells down . Easy to use and dispose of . This is a much cheaper alternative to a humidifier .
 Not much to this product . Works well to keep my finished basement dry and fresh . I 'll keep buying them to replenish the base units . .
 We use this in our bedrooms . They collect a surprising amount of water for what they are . Very reasonable and does what it says it does .
 I later found out these are cheaper at the local grocery store though . But these were a great purchase for initially setting up my super damp system
 Buy this is you have humidity/dampness environmental issues . Love this stuff . Does exactly what it says , does not require power of any type . Is CHEAP for the results .
 We have a small room converted to an office , on the second story of our house . The room does not have the best circulation , and in the middle of the summer -LRB- hot and humid days -RRB- it got really damp feeling in there.Based on a recommendation from a Home Depot associate , decided to give DampRid a try -- and have been very happy ever since . We put the container in the room , and about every few weeks or so we dump out more than a cup full of water down the drain . These refills do the same job that the original pack did , and the room feel and smells much better now.Guess we will have to figure out why the issue occurs -LRB- maybe need to replace the 13 year old windows seals ? -RRB- , but until then these do the job .
 Our basement bath is very damp . This product helps a lot . Very convenient.Actually , very little space between the toilet and the sink.I hang this on the cabinetat the bottom of the sink .
 As a collector of snowglobes and a firm believer in the idea that you can never have enough shoes this is a great item . Please check the size and notice the word mini . I was a little surprised at just how small the snowglobe is for the price . Overall , it is a wonderful item and would make a nice present for any shoe lover or wizard of oz collector .
 The outter layer is little too thin but since you stick it into a cushion cover , it does n't really matter . It 's soft and comfortable . Good enough product .
 Good quality that reflects the political connections of the story . Very useful visual tool in the classroom .
 good quality , nicely packaged , the only thing that could make it better is a handle that swings down to one side and does n't remain fixed
 I recieved this as a wedding gift . I have used it for about 5 years . I break it out everytime I have company and it is still just as clear as it was when I got it . The only problem I can think of is that the bottom is real scratched up and looks white .
 Buffet-style meals are very popular , very efficient , and keep the hostess calm when feeding a crowd at home . The clear acrylic flatware caddy is a great addition to the buffet table because it is a problem solver . No more questions like `` where are the forks , the knives etc. ? '' , no more wondering how many people will arrive , and any kind of napkin works whatever the occasion because the caddy is clear .
 very sleek , yet very functional at the same time . love the acrylic clean look . wish the handle folded down tho for storage .
 This caddy is really great - heavy & sturdy - holds my heavy flatwear + utensils perfectly . Ordered a second one .
 I love this thing . It 's perfect for tea for one . The glass is pretty thin -LRB- this is a good ; you do n't have to preheat it -RRB- , but I have n't broken it yet . My only complaint is that the handle could be a lot larger . You can only fit one finger in there , and when it 's full of tea it 's too heavy to lift comfortably with one finger . You have to pinch awkwardly between multiple fingers ... do n't really know how to describe it . Anyway , a minor complaint in an otherwise great product.My favorite part is that the glass lid doubles as a holder for the infuser when you 're done steeping . Just flip the lid over and drop the infuser in , and avoid making a mess on the coffee table .
 I got this for my women 's group , Christmas party gift exchange , and it was the one that everyone wanted . A great idea , and a really nice design .
 I love the infuser . Very wide and spacious for loose leaf.Only legitimate complaint here is that the saucer is n't perfectly flat at the base . I use a glass desktop and enjoy listening to music and playing music and the fault with the saucer is that it causes a vibration at certain pitches . The first day I had this I was playing violin and thought my violin was buzzing which gave me quit a scare . . It 's quite annoying although it is easily solved but for a 20 dollar piece I expect better.Very large serving capacity , I 'd say I prefer to use it at around 8oz . I find that if I fill it near capacity by the time I have 4oz of tea left or so , it loses temperature rather quickly and becomes cold . In comparison to my last ceramic cup it certainly does not retain heat as much but that is to be expected given it is pretty thin glass .
 The teacup is absolutely beautiful . It 's large in size with lovely thin glass . The infuser works like a charm . I love the fact that it comes with a lid and saucer . I was able to set the infuser back into the cup after I finished my cup of tea and hand washed the cup . I put the lid over the loose tea to resteep it later . The teacup appears fragile , so I recommend hand washing it . I would hate to break it !
 I have deterioration in my C5-6 vertebrae and one incident of sleeping wrong can make my life miserable for many days , so I 'd been looking for something supportive to use when napping in a car or plane . Based on the description and reviews , I could n't decide between the DogBones and the Lewis N. Clark Reakt pillows , so I got them both.The DogBones pillow arrived first , so I tried it for a week - and it was great . Then the Reakt pillow arrived and I tried it for a week ... and , well , now the DogBones stays home as a decorative pillow on my couch.The DogBones is comfortable , but it turns out to be a little too big for my neck , whereas the Reakt fits perfectly and the memory foam is very comfortable and supportive . The cover is of a rather weird suede-like material that almost feels greasy but is n't ; I worry a little bit that it might be prone to pick up dirt easily , but I have n't had it long enough to evaluate that.In a nutshell - I love it and since it arrived I 've never left home without it .
 No doubt that most airline passengers have spent countless hours attempting to get comfortable on those invariably uncomfortable seats - unless of course you 're fortunate enough to fly first class exclusviely . All that changes with this pillow . L&C 's Neck Pillow is sublime ! Exceptionally comfortable . So much so , that passengers in first class may offer their seats in trade . All and all this pillow makes any mode of travel more enjoyable .
 Very large poster . Black & White . If you loved the Scarface movie , you will love , love this poster !! Great buy .
 This is a great waffle maker.As far as durability , I think it is best to say that mine has hundreds of hours on it and is still as good as the first day I used it.I use a cooking spray -LRB- butter flavored Crisco works best for me -RRB- and have never ever had a waffle stick . I did try to rely on the non-stick coating once , and that is NOT a smart thing to do . That is true of any waffle iron I have used . Use a cooking spray!This device is 650 watts -LRB- about 5.5 amps on a 120V U.S. electric outlet -RRB- . This is good , because most -LRB- check your own first -RRB- kitchen circuits can handle 15 or 20 amps . I use both the older on and this one at the same time . If you have the 20-amp circuit , you could use three!I stated that I use two , because using two of these inexpensive waffle makers is much faster than using a large griddle multi-waffle iron . My friend has one of those , four at a time , waffle makers , but each of the four waffles is a bit small . Some of those big waffle-makers cost 60-100 dollars . Get your self two of these models instead . Trust me . It is faster and cheaper . The other bonus is that the chance of both irons being broke the same day is slim , and even if one breaks -LRB- unlikely though -RRB- it will mean that you lose only 20 bucks , and that you can still make the kids or yourself waffles with the remaining one ! I do n't like putting my eggs all in basket so to speak.I have a fully stainless kitchen , but a waffle maker is usually something I put back in the cabinet , so the white and red finish does n't phase me.Well good luck with yours , and I hope that you save some money and get these instead of the big fancy ones that make good waffles too , but cost more and have stainless steel exteriors . -LSB- HINT
 I was kind of waffling -LRB- yeah , I know -RRB- about whether to get this or the more popular Belgian waffle model , and I think I made the right choice . This thing is n't pretty -LRB- and neither are the waffles -RRB- , but it 's easy -- you just heat and grease it up , throw on 3/4 C or so of batter , leave it shut until it stops steaming -LRB- maybe 5 or 6 minutes -RRB- and voila ! You 've got a nice crispy waffle that you can slather with jam , fold twice , and eat the go if you 're in a hurry . Plus this thing is a snap to clean . So far I 've never had any waffles spill or stick ; I just give it a half-hearted once-over with a rag and it 's good to go.Maybe this does n't make the best waffles I could dream of , but they work .
 These are great . Wide mouth . Easy to clean . Blends with any decor . Gave as gift amd they loved them . It fits flat against wall or stands or hangs . Your choice . Also great price .
 I bought two of these to hold my spices and am debating on another . The racks fit on the wall behind my kitchen to garage door , an unused space perfect for these . I buy all my spices at health food stores , so the empty jars were what I needed.I have all my spices labeled on the tops and have them in alphabetical order , so I can grab what I need quickly . Get this is your tight on space.it works !
 This is of very good quality despite being acrylic . It comes with screws to mount to the wall.the only bad thing , as others have mentioned , is that it does not hold the entire contents of a regular spice bottle - so u do have to keep a almost empty bottle or to just throw it away . I wish the bottle would hold a little more . The labels are nice - overall i am happy with the purchase .
 Quite happy with this buy . I wanted something without spices . The material is stated acrylic , but , it is actually glass . Otherwise it works well in my kitchen .
 I was very pleased with the quality of the product and the speed of its arrival . However , after checking the packaging more than once , I realized I did not get the preprinted labels as promised . I did see the printing on the box that said labels included . Now I either have to go to the expense of time and make my own -LRB- which wo n't look as nice -RRB- or choose to spend more money and purchase a set . My quest for organization in my kitchen is thwarted again .
 I have ordered 3 of these spice racks . Two of them arrived with the bottom of the front panel not glued completely . Rather than go through the hassel of returning for replacements we just re-glued along the bottom of the panel . This appears to be a manufacturing problem , since they came from two different suppliers via Amazon .
 This is a very good rack system - as of this writing , I 've owed two for about 7 years , and recently bought a third . I like their capacity , and their cap-forward space efficiency , and that they can hung side by side or one atop the other.MINOR NITS & TIPS : * BOTTLE SIZE
 I asked my boyfriend for some spice racks for Christmas to accommodate the 50 + spices , herbs and seasoning mixes I have littering my kitchen counter . He bought me two of these , and spent a couple of hours setting it up for me - cleaning and drying the bottles , filling them and labeling them . I love how much you can fit in it and plan to expand my collection with more sets of these . My only complaint is that the bottles are rather small -LRB- they fill with just over 1/4 cup apiece -RRB- , so we had several original bottles of spice/herb with about 1/2 - 1/3 filled with leftovers . The bottles comfortably fit small McCormick spices though , with headroom . I wish this spice rack came in a larger size so I could simply use the original spice bottles that I have , and simply switch to buying bagged spices to fill the empty bottles that came with this set . Aside from having leftovers that I 'll have to make sure to check through before buying new spices when I run out , I am happy with the end result . One great thing about this set is that it 's vertically organized , so it leaves plenty of space around it .
 It really is a nice spice rack . We were ' t fans of the original labels , so we bought some printable sticker paper and printed the names with some pictures of what the spice looks like in the background . It looks great . We also have run it through the dishwasher with no problems . We searched for hours on the internet for something similar and this was right on the money .
 I ordered this item from Australia , unable to find anything I liked locally in store or online . Everything was country style wood or poor quality stainless/plastic . I was so pleased with the quality of this item when it arrived . The rack is very thick , nicely finished acrylic . The bottles are glass with nice quality white caps + shaker attachments inside . I had planned on putting this inside my cupboard but it was nice enough to make the bench-top ! Easily passes for a design store piece provided you dont use the included -LRB- ugly -RRB- labels . Looks better affixing a simply label to the glass and just peering in the top to find what you want . Like most spice bottles they dont fit a teaspoon but a 1/2 teaspoon measuring spoon fits comfortably . No problems with the dishwasher either . I had to pay a further $ 25 in shipping to get this item to Australia and it was easily worth it . Highly recommended !
 I purchased this set after looking for months for a vertical set up that has at least 15 bottles or spaces for bottles and that could be sat on our counter top . This works perfectly as its got 20 bottles , sturdy , simple construction , and took only minutes after washing to put all my spices into them and apply the labels . It looks great on my kitchen counter , and could later be mounted to a wall if I wanted.As another reviewer pointed out , the bottles wo n't quite hold a full standard bottle from the store , but that 's a minor detail , especially if you use a lot of something . Also , the bottle openings are big enough to stick most measuring spoon sizes inside to scoop out spices ; those spoons that are too large can easily be filled by popping off the shaker top with a fingernail and tipping it out into the spoon.The more I look at and use this spice rack , the more I love it . One of my best purchases of the year , easily .
 Bought two of these . Love the spice racks ; exactly as pictured . Very sturdy . Design lets you customize if you want by sliding a piece of plastic or paper or foam behind jars to decorate . I change with the seasons/holidays . When the spices racks were delivered , there was one broken jar and one broken lid . We emailed Prodyne , and they said they would send us two new spice jars . We received them within a couple of days . Very prompt service . Very impressed with their customer service as well as the product . Would definitely recommend .
 Seriously , this rack is everything I had hoped for when I ordered it . I guess it does n't take much to make me happy , but it really made a world of difference in my cupboard . I almost ordered 2 racks , but found that one will do for now . The rack is acrylic but the jars are glass and I love this . Although I have n't mounted it to the wall , it will not topple over because it 's so sturdy . I listened to another reviewer and did n't want to put it over my range because of the gunk that I 'd have to wipe off . There is a sufficient amount of labels , enough blank ones to write my own . Very satisfied !
 I recently bought this spice rack last Christmas as gift for my cousin who loves to cook . I feel as though it 's a quality product -LRB- heavy duty acrylic -RRB- for the price . She is very happy with it and is super excited to be able to organize all her favorite spices and have them all in one convenient place in the kitchen !
 My kitchen is neither modern nor old fashioned , so these clean , simple acrylic spice racks were just right . . I 've been looking for something like them for a long time , so was delighted when I looked and found them on Amazon.Because I think they would fit into any kitchen , I recommend them to anyone.I received them exactly when I was told I would -- so perfect !
 I was so tired of having an entire shelf in my pantry a mess of spices in small bottles , tins , bulk containers , bags ... It was a disaster . I would dig through trying to find the spices I needed to cook with and would end up buying doubles of things I could n't find thinking I was out ... I finally was sick of it and looked for a solution that I could hang on the wall because my counter space is lacking . I really like this rack . I thought it was a little pricier than I wanted to spend , but it was exactly what I needed and I 'm glad I spent the money . The quality is very good . The bottles are glass . I like the way they sit in the rack.The only thing I wish they would have added was a few bottle toppers with larger sift holes . Some of the spices do n't really work with the finer holes , like rosemary or minced garlic , so I just have the lid on those without a sift topper . I like the labels . It is a great rack . I can put the backup spices out of the way and only have to search for them once in a while to refill the jars . 20 jars is just the right amount for my everyday spices , but I think I 'm going to buy another for my mixes and less common spices .
 I love this wastebasket ! I know we will be using it in our little girl 's room for years ! I especially like the pattern on the butterfly 's wings that matches the crib sheet .
 These look fabulous in our home . I love them ! I purchased 5 of these shades in total , 3 of them from another retailer in a slightly different width and they are the same in quality . They do block out most light though , so it looks like no-one is home at our house at night with the shades drawn . If that bothers you , find a shade that is more `` light-filtering '' than these .
 Works as expected . Would buy it again and give it as a gift . The price was right and that is my story .
 We purchased this toaster based mostly on its size and appearance . I had brought home a couple of others which just did not fit my space . One was too tall and came too close to the cabinet above it , and one took up too much space on the counter . The Proctor Silex 4-Slice Toaster is compact and attractive and on top of that , it toasts the bread very well . It does n't have a lot of frills , but does toast bagels as well as bread , and that 's what we were interested in . It is much more reasonably priced than almost any other brand . If it has any drawbacks , it 's that it seems a little light in weight . Although we 've had it for only a month , we are quite satisfied with it .
 I bought this Proctor Silex 5 years ago . Still have it and it works ! Drawback
 Good at toast , good at pop tarts and good at bagels . This thing is a breakfast machine . Toasts as good as any toaster I have used before and the price is not bad .
 My old toaster was over the hill ! It was time for another . I decided a 4 slice model might be a great option !! I did some shopping around , made a mistake , corrected it and ended up at Amazon to buy this toaster This toaster definitely is worth the price of admission !! I read a lot of customer reviews on this toaster . Some were off in `` Left Field '' . One said there was no cancel button so you could not stop your toast . That is correct ! There is no cancel button . If one reads the instruction manual it says if you want to stop the toast from toasting . just lift up on the handle . Maybe this is why there are instructions ?? At any rate , I am happy . Here is why : This is really two toasters in the same package . Each one is independent from the other . You can toast bread in one half and bagels in the other . The slots are wide enough for bagels , Texas toast of even crumpets , but work just fine on ordinary bread.I have only used this for two bagels , two slices of Texas toast , two crumpets and 8 slices of ordinary bread so I can not speak to reliability , but what I have toasted so far had been just fine !!
 Bought this as a present for my parents . Works great and for a great price . They wanted something big enough for bagels , and a toaster with four slots for when the grandkids come over . They are absolutley thrilled with this particular toaster . Works great and I would recommend to anyone looking !!!
 I received this toaster before its estimated scheduled delivery date period . I used this morning to make toasted peanut butter and jam sandwich and it work great . It may not be top of the line , which is why I did n't give it five stars , but it toasted the bread and the bread was n't too hot hold in my hand . I would recommend this just about as high as any other toaster on the market .
 My grandkids did n't have a toaster so I purchased this toaster because of the name brand and because its a four bread toaster . With four grandkids every one can get a slice at the same time . The best part that I liked is that you can toast a bagel in it because its wide enough to fit inside the toaster . Plus , it had a practical price point . Now if it lasts a year or two or more that would be even better . Only time will tell .
 Easy to use , controls are precise enough for toasting to the proper color . More colors or stainless would be an option that would be helpful in the decor of the kitchen .
 I bought this toaster because I needed a 4 slice toaster . Works great and it comes in white . It is definitely worth the money .
 We saw this on `` America 's Test Kitchen '' and since we needed a new toaster , and it was the best rated on that show , we ordered it . We are very satisfied with the accuracy of it 's controls , but did n't realize that you can not eject the toast early if you decide to . That is our only complaint . Otherwise , it 's a very good toaster and lives up to all it 's ads ! Very good price as well .
 Although there were others reviews which I read prior to purchase that seemed to indicate that this item is cheap etc , I purchased it anyway and have enjoyed using it.I have no issue with the safeties that are in place and it works great ! Once I got used to what setting for the particular items I actually am very pleased that I went forward with the purchase.You ca n't beat the price for what you are getting !
 this toaster does have an odd smell when first used i turned settings about 3/4 the way up and pushed the toast slide down and did this a few times untill that smell was burnt off , that new smell went away and the toaster works great , great toaster for the money glad i purchased it
 Great four slice toaster . Large enough for bagels . Good value for the money .
 I have had this pattern of china for years but recently saw these pasta bowls and ordered some . They are the perfect size and I love them -- do n't know how I managed without them all this time !
 This is my first pasta machine and I never made pasta of any kind prior to purchasing it . It is heavy , well-designed and built and operates very smoothly . The first time I used it , I prepared fettuccini and ravioli for eight . I had absolutely no problems , and I was surprised that making pasta with this product is much easier than I thought it would be . After about three runs , I fully had the hang of it . Check the web for instructional videos on getting started . YouTube and Williams-Sonoma . com have some good ones that helped me . The bottom line
 After making the mistake of purchasing a less-cost machine that immediately fell apart on the first cut and would not be put back together , I reviewed as many manual pasta machines before purchasing my Imperia . I LOVE IT . I used to make all my pasta and noodles totally by hand , but this is the greatest help to date . I recommend this machine .
 We investigated several products before choosing this one . The V151 IMPERIA Pasta Italiana is truly the best . Try it and you will see . As Bob B. says , `` I ca n't recommend decadence as my way of life , but it works for me ! ''
 These look fabulous in our home . I love them ! I purchased 5 of these shades in total , 3 of them from another retailer in a slightly different width and they are the same in quality . They do block out most light though , so it looks like no-one is home at our house at night with the shades drawn . If that bothers you , find a shade that is more `` light-filtering '' than these .
 Poster Revolution shipped this 24x36 Kill Bill Poster fast , and in perfect condition . If you are a fan of Kill Bill or Uma Thurman , then this poster is a must have . Looks great on the wall !
 Great looking poster , love the overall design . Uma looks badass of course . Ca n't wait to frame it and hang it up . You see someone with a Kill Bill poster in their living room you know they mean serious business !
 We bought this poster and two others and had them framed for our theater room adds an authentic touch !
 Excellent poster . Excellent seller!I 'm from Australia and the product arrived in perfect condition .
 I used to have the tortilla maker from Villaware and used it all the time , until it finally broke . Then I replaced it with this one , and I like it a lot better ! It seems to cook them quicker , and I have no trouble with sticking . It is so quick and easy to have home made tortillas , and they are so much better than store bought . I only use whole wheat flour , and they always turn out great !
 I am not able to eat wheat , but I love Mexican food . The Tortilla Baker has been a great time saver for me in preparing tortillas made from barley . It took me a couple of times to get it right , but the effort has been rewarded . It used to take me 30 minutes to an hour to prepare tortillas . Now I can have fresh tortillas in no time at all !
 I just love my tortilla baker . The main thing is I no longer have to spend so much time rolling them out . I have found it too cook the tortillas quickly . I like that I do n't have to use any oil to cook them . I also like that it flattens them evenly and thinner than I can get them rolling them out by hand .
 This is the first device to actually make me want to write a review for . I have been hand rolling tortilla 's for maybe 4 months now and although I love the taste of fresh flour tortilla 's it is a pain . I picked up this device used at a local GoodWill for $ 5 and I thought why not try . Turns out , put a ball of dough in the right place of this machine and it `` screams '' out a perfect tortilla ! It presses them so flat and so perfect that I no longer have to spend 30 minutes rolling out and cooking a dozen tortillas , it literally takes 20 or so per tortilla . WOW !
 This is a great item . It makes tortilla making so much easier . The tortillas are excellent . And the best part is that you no longer have to roll out the dough . It cooks and smashes the dough into perfect tortillas !
 We have been useing this to make tortillas and it is just fun , easy , and yummy . The only thing is that after you flatten the dough it takes a little while to cook one at a time , so I also use a pan on the stove simtultaneously to get it done faster . My favorite way to use it is to flatten them on the machine -LRB- hold it down until it `` screams '' -RRB- then I grill them over fire on the gas burner , being careful not to light them by moving them around . It will bubble and brown quickly and is quite tasty .
 I like this tortilla baker , its size is convenient and easy to use and store . I only have a liitle problem for my tortilla stick on the top of the baker sometimes , I have to use a spatula to take them off . Other than that it is fun to bake tortilla , I use it very week .
 I love this tortilla maker . It makes beautiful tortillas and very quickly . I just wish it was a bit bigger . I 'd like to be able to make burrito size also .
 I 'm Chinese and make superb Chinese pancakes , tortillas and flatbread with my appliance . Here we jump at any chance to eat diverse cultures ' cuisine at potlucks . Both my daughters own a baker and so does my East Indian neighbor . We all marvel at the ease and time savings of the baker . Bought baker NIB for $ 10 at garage sale . Coupled with my electric Hitachi bread maker , I 've fooled many pals into initially thinking I 'm as clever as ever ; after I fess up , they still think I 'm clever.Am looking for another baker for a multi-ethnic family that came for lunch one day . Okinawan Mom and 4 kids never made fresh tortillas . All quickly saw that they were wasting time with traditional rolling and cooking . Kids took over making tortillas after seeing me make first one . Thought OkiMom & kids were going to scrum when a grinning MexiDad ate ALL the tortillas -LRB- on the spot & right before dinner -RRB- when they took leftovers home . Vehement claims of dibs were voiced ; Mexidad did not have lunch with us and he missed his CA Mom 's cooking were the top reasons there was n't a rumble . Ahh , so much for family sharing .
 I purchashed the Professional Series Tortilla Baker PS75791 to add healthy tortillas to my diet . I grind my own wheat berries and grow my oun yeast to make bread that is as fresh as it can be and is completed in 4 hours after grinding . A loaf cost just about 15 cents . I wanted to make freshly ground wheat tortillas for the cost savings and for the superior nutrition . I am very pleased with the results . I grind my wheat , but leave out the oil because I submurge my doe in olive oil so it will keep fresh for days in my frig and then work the oil into the doe just before pressing and cooking . The machine really works , and its easy to use . It a quality machine and is a mainstay of my healthy kitchen .
 Bought it 4 months ago . At first I could not get it to work . Called in to LG , they send a tech in . Even though I had to wait 2 weeks , it turned out that I inserted it into a sleeve which was closed on the outside and compressor was automatically shutting off not to overheat . Anyway , I opened it up and since then it works like a charm . I have two 12x20 rooms which this unit easily cools off . It is a little noisy , and the electrical consumption is not the greatest in its class thats why 4 stars . But it is also much cheaper than other comparable through the wall units . Overall great unit , would buy again .
 I bought the # 10 grinder at a kitchen store near me . Same price as listed here . After reading all the poor reveiws on the product on-line I had to write my own . First I bought a more expensive electric grinder at harbor frieght , I fought with that thing for 2hrs trying to grind 2lbs of pork , then tried to grind 1lb of lamb , it got stuck so many times I was cursing . The lamb never got ground ! It went back to the store.Now , this grinder listed here , was not made of the best materials , and is rough , the and the plates and knife do have a tendecy to rust . But the thing grinds meat !!! Which I find very important in a meat grinder!I worked in a butcher shop for a year or so , and the plates and knife are exactally the same as the pro 's use , they will rust , period . They should always be dried off then lubed in cooking spray or miniral oil . As far as finding metal in the meat , with any metal to metal contact you will get like a fine dust of metal , very little , and will not hurt u . Now if I were getting chunks of the tin coating in it I would be concerned.I gave this 5 stars cause it is what it is , does what it is suppose to do . Grind Meat ! The only con I see is the poor tin coating job , and this is not cast iron , it looks to be white metal . I scrubbed it real good b4 the frist use have n't had any problems yet .
 Works OK generally - but slip off counter sometimes . Have to screw down VERY tight to prevent this .
 Instruction manual is very helpful -LRB- hint
 After reading reports of hamburger containing various additives , I decided to return to the practice I grew up with on the farm many decades ago -- grinding beef cuts into hamburger . After extensive searching , I chose the Weston # 10 Heavy Duty grinder . I was not disappointed . My only surprise was that the manufacturer recommended using a food-grade silicone lubricant to fight rust , and I have followed those instructions . My first efforts were in making hamburger from filet mignons . I had forgotten the muscle power required , but the results were well worth the effort . I will let the weak of limb choose the electric-powered models , but I will stick with this one .
 I have always wanted one of these so when I got married last April I had my husband buy me one . When it arrived we immediately mounted it on the kitchen table , cut up some meat and began grinding . It took my husband only 4 minutes to cut his finger off . It was the finger next to his hole finger . I ca n't believe this happened . We do n't have insurance for his finger and the meat was a little ruined . - Queen Cool
 I love this item , i used something like this in my younger years , it does however have a part where handle fits that has a tendency to crack , i gave this to my son and he had to request a new part already , they did however send a new part for free .
 Well , i was very suspect of the cheap price . But figured heck , its just a dollar fifty . Received it very fast and it was BRAND NEW . i love it , i use it all the time . Very good seller . very good product . No rust , no damage . no excuses = NO COMPLAINTS
 Recently I got the Weston # 8 grinder with the idea of making sausage , I ordered it before I red some reviews -LRB- normally I never do that -RRB- . I thought that I would have to return it even before I received it . To my surprised it was n't so bad . It 's well constructed and for less than $ 30 one should n't expect a professional machine.As a grinder is decent and as a stuffer is kind of slow , but gets the job done . I 'm familiar with tools of all kinds , and every tool needs care , maintenance and knowledge how to operate it correctly as intended . These grinders have been around for a long time , we are not reinventing the wheel here.I would recommend it , to the sausage beginner enthusiast that is willing to make some research , and more research in the process of sausage making . Recipes are very important , my first try was successful but , I learned that some time less is more . Do n't put too many spices or ingredients , use good quality meat and basically it needs sault and pepper , not too much of it either . Take it from a guy who likes to learn .
 For the price I ca n't ask for any better performance . I got exactly what I wanted . Now I can buy 2 lbs of beef for less than $ 3/lb , grind it up and get ground beef healthier than that in any supermarket . I get most of my good bargains at Amazon.com
 Bought the # 32 manual grinder . I got the first one from a different place -LRB- more expensive -RRB- . It was n't a Weston but it looks almost exactly the same . The first one broke after about 180 lbs of grinding when the little pin which keeps the plate from spinning broke . I rigged a decent fix by jamming a short piece of a drill bit into the indentation . I returned that grinder then bought this Weston one . I 've ground 120 lbs so far and it has n't broken ; although I wo n't be suprised if it does -LRB- the design looks the same -RRB- . Not too big of a deal though ; my drill bit fix worked good . On the Weston grinder , the bolt which holds the handle on was the wrong size ; good thing I had some metric bolts around to fix it . Also , the blade on the Weston grinder seemed dull compared to the first grinder . I sharpened it myself and the performance improved noticeably.I timed my performance . I ground everything twice - first with coarse plate , then with fine plate . I could grind 2.75 lbs/min during the second grinding and 1.5 lbs/min for the first grinding . It definately pays to regularly clean the blade and plate by removing the tendons which plug it up . Grinding is fairly fast compared to the rest of the process -LRB- cutting meat into 2 '' cubes , cleaning the blade/plate , wrapping -RRB- . As an example of overall performance , I ground 65 lbs of burger -LRB- 130 lbs of grinding since I ground it twice -RRB- in one batch in 3.5 hrs including cutting meat into 2 '' pieces , grinding , cleaning the plate/blade , and double wrapping in 1 lb packages . Meat grinds a little faster if partially frozen .
 i use this to grind up chicken and bones for my cats ' raw food diet - its works really well
 It works well , it can get stuck from time to time but you just have to crank the other way and it 's fine .
 Product is great value . it is what I expected . bought a plastic grinder and was just a bad item . Very sturdy
 This was a good buy for me ... I have used it several times ... Works really great . . If anyone is interested in buying a good meat grinder this is a good buy ...
 The grinder is in great condition and both my girlfriend and I got one to use for making sandwich spread and hash . This may be a bit old fashioned but it works great .
 this is high quality product . it serves the purpose better than any grinders we had before . i reccomend it to anybody.thank you
 I prefer to prepare my own raw dogfood . The grinder cost me . 1.49 + shipping . My son has ciribral polcey and does not engage in a lot of pysical activity . I hook the grinder to the outside picnic table . I feed the grinder and he cranks away . I really love this hour of talk and good old quality time thank you !!
 I have needed a grinder for many years . This one is a super duty one . It will last a lifetime plus .
 We used this grinder right after delivery . It is so much better than our old grinder . Product arrived on time and in very good packaging condition . Would not hesitate doing business with this company in the future .
 I was really having a hard time finding this item until someone suggested Amazon.com . It was my first experience with Amazon and I was really happy with the results . I not only found this item , but many more like it . I liked having the various product and price options available .
 Weston # 10 Heavy Duty Manual Tinned Meat Grinder . Easy to use and Clean and reasonably priced . I really liked it
 meat grinder was very well packed and arrived on time . very easy to assemble , very easy to disasemble for cleaning ,
 Solid built just like grandma was made . Process the roast into hamburger in no time and cut you cost too . I order it one night and it arrived a day and a half later .
 This product is exactly what I 've imagined . It is not big , is comes with many other parts that help the job . I made salami with this grinder and worked well.Favor - Excelente PriceCons - Size
 Use it grind up alfalfa pellets -LRB- fertilizer -RRB- so our puppy wo n't eat them when she 's in the backyard . Works great and make a very fine meal .
 This entire set of china is a beautiful addition to our dinner table . There is a variation of colors and graphics on the several cups and plates , that when placed on our table , have gotten many rave comments . Our table radiates a lively spring time coloring.DO NOT place these items in the microwave as they have a metal compound in the coloring.If you are looking for a fascinating color palate on you table , then by all means buy this set .
 We needed curtains for our master bedroom and we bought these when they were on sale . The price was so good that we could n't have bought the material that cheap . There were a few threads hanging , but not many . Nice curtains .
 These are n't bad for the price . They do hang nicely and are very easy to put up as you just slip them over the rod . Be careful though as they snag very easily . They are all but sheer so if you want to block any light you will want blinds with them also . They also have a lot of hanging threads so you will probably want a pair of sissors handy . But all in all considering the price of window dressings today , I would say they are worth the price .
 The description is acurate . It clearly states 42x84 . I think these are good curtains for the price and will work nicely for me . They are getting a bum rap !
 These satin panels are a wonderful option for a casual window dressing . The satin is of decent quality -LRB- few imperfections noticed while ironing -RRB- and a nice light weight -LRB- any heavier I would have had to change out the hardware I have -RRB- . They allow plenty of muted light in and allow for complete privacy . I love the simple styling and they have a weighted hem to keep them in place , which is a big plus for cat owners who are constantly fixing the curtains.highly recommended . .
 These are the perfect solution for which I purchased them . Will consider these in another situation soon .
 Absolutely beautiful Bottle holder . It looks even better than the pictures showed . It is very heavy and well crafted . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I admit I cheaped out and bought this instead of the Tilia . The Black and Decker was well within my budget so I figured I 'd give it a try.The unit came with a manual , a DVD , a roll of 11 '' bagging material , and the sealer itself.Setup is easy , plug it in and away you go.you do need to use two hands to press on the top to ensure a tight seal . When you start making a bag you only put it in far enough to make a seal . Then press down on the unit to initiate the cycle . The vacuum will start even though you do n't need it for the first step . Do n't worry about pressing too hard until the RED light comes on , that is the sealing cycle . Now press firlmly for 3-4 seconds until that cycle is complete . Now you have a nice tight bag to use.Put your contents in the bag , put it halfway into the vacuum chamber and press down . Now the air will get sucked out . Wait for the red light press a little harder and the bag will seal tight.I seal coffee , meat , veggies , etc. . Have ` nt had an issue . -LRB- knock wood -RRB- I would have given it 5 stars , but since you have to go through the vacuum cycle just to seal the bag I 'm giving it a 4 . Worth the $ 50 , just do n't expect it to be like the $ 200 units as far as bells and whistles . Gets the job done , and saves you $ $ .
 Like most things , you can pay more , but it is the end result that matters . If the results are acceptable to you , why pay more ? I gave it 5 stars in terms of value for the money , and also because the low price allows the investment to amortize itself over time . Sale priced dry foods can now last for years , and leftovers go in the freezer , instead of the trash . This is a practical , reliable device .
 These Ruby Slippers are the perfect gift - I printed a little card with the phrase , `` You 've Always Had The Power '' and attached it to the stand . They were a huge hit !
 The description was dead on and the dimensions aided in choosing this rack for the space available in my closet . It was assembled when it arrived and I only added the topper -LRB- sold separately -RRB- and was ready to store shoes .
 A great way to organize your shoes in a confined space . Cedar freshens the area . Holds four pair of shoes -LRB- snuggly -RRB- on one rack , with the ability to stack the racks . The back panel strip -LRB- optional -RRB- is a bit flimsy , especially with longer shoe sizes -LRB- 15 + -RRB- . A good investment for the price .
 100 percent pine and smells so good . This product makes you look forward to opening your closet haha . I highly recomend . There are no illustrated directions but it 's realy not needed and does come with simple directions . Also comes with extra wood pegs that can be sued for stacking a second rack .
 We love , love , love these curtains . They complete our nursery set very nicely . We love that they are thick so when our son 's napping , little light comes in , but does n't completely drown out all light . The sun illuminates them so it lights up the design . We 've seriously never seen any nursery set so perfect . We went with this set so we can reuse it and not worry what sex the next one is . We 'd recommend the entire set to anyone .
 I have done my kitchen and dining room in french country around my Pistoulet Dishes , and EVERYONE who walks in comments how absolutely beautiful it is . I have never had so much fun serving my guest.I have collected my set over the last 3 years , and I never plan on stopping . My husband builds me china hutches , and I fill them up !
 IN A NUTSHELL
 I purchased this for a school . It is getting great use and is enjoyed very much !
 I had previously purchased the matching table and stools and decided to purchase the matching toy box when I saw it on sale . I am so glad I did , we just remodeled our porch for a playroom for our 4 year old twins and these pieces fit perfectly . The colors and sturdiness of the item was surprising for the price . I especially love the spring-hinge feature on the toy box lid , it allows for the box to stay open and not slam on little fingers .
 This size is just right -- not too tall nor too short . I wanted simple , basic lines , and no bells or whistles . I also wanted a dark wood -- no blonde , plexiglass , or plastic ; dark wood seems hard to find .
 Had shakers similar to this years ago and they were wonderful . More recently purchased severalpairs that looked like the old set but the grinders were useless from the beginning.These are great - everything works and they look good . So happy tohave found something of quality , at last !
 We tried 2 cheaper look-a-likes as gifts from Bed , Bath and Beyond but both gift sets were eventually returned . Bad mechanism in the pepper grinder . Finally went online and bought the same set we have had ourselves for 10 years or so . Ca n't beat Amazon for convenience and price .
 I wear a size 81/2 women 's shoe . If I had bigger feet it would be tough to fit the shoes on the rack . Some shoes obviously fit better than others . I have the shoe rack in my closet , which is n't ideal because there is n't a lot of turning room and the clothing hangs down just enough to slow the turning process.The shoe rack is made of quality material and sturdy . It 's best if you can have it in a more open spot . It keeps shoes neat and orderly and looks good.It was very easy to assemble , 10 minutes tops .
 Very fast shipping , very nice shoe tree . I wasnt sure it was worth the price but when I got it in the mail it 's totally worth it . Couldnt find the item locally so I trust Amazon for all my products . Would order again from company . Very easy to install my 12 Yr old put it together ! Very sturdy ! Worth every penny . My closet is much neater now : -RRB-
 I received the shoe stand about a week ago . Assembly was fairly simple . The rack is weighted and chromed and was very sturdy . Our porch was filled with an assortment of summer and winter shoes which included his and hers . After assembly I loaded the rack and the porch was quickly cleaned up and functional . I liked this rack so much I just ordered another . A quick turn of the trays make selection very easy . In my opinion this is a great buy .
 Absolutely love this cute shoe tree . not overwhelming in size , right fit into the little leeway near my door , and wo n't block my way to bathroom -LRB- yes , my room is the type where bathroom is on the left side of the door -RRB- . Now I can keep my shoes organized , and keep the carpet clean . Also I could put my bigger shoes like ugg in the middle holder space around the pole ! ca n't be better ! I would give it 10 stars ! Last but not least , easy to assemble , only took me less than 10 minutes , it looks complicated but not at all ! : -RRB-
 The item is stable but seems a little wobbly . The base is stable but the little individual metal parts that hold the shoes are slightly wobbly . I used it for women 's size 7 shoes and it works . I put the shoes on in different positions and at different heights and it does n't fall over and the racks turn easily.Overall I am happy with it . It takes up very little room and looks decent too .
 After seeing a similar product at someone house I started searching for one on the net.My girlfriend and her son have bunches of shoes and tend to leave them directly in front of every door they walk into . I thought what a great idea to stop this nonsense . I actually purchased two , one for each entry way from outside . Now , this does not stop them from leaving them everywhere , but helps somewhat.Once we moved in we had several boxes stacked along a wall and fell over on shoe rack and bent the top rack . I adjusted it and still works just fine .
 Love this shoe tree . My shoes are off the floor and easy to select . Very easy to assemble - I did it in about 15 minutes . Great item .
 This is an wonderful shoe tree . Easy to assemble . It fits in small spaces and best of all it holds lots of shoes . And shoes of all types . It works so well for me I am ordering another one today .
 I have another like this but the heights of the shoe holders are n't adjustable as this one is . It 's sturdy , keeps all the shoes off the floor , and I 'm using the middle of each shoe holder for scarves and gloves in the winter , sandles/flip flops in the summer . It was easy easy easy to assemble .
 Pleasantly surprised ! I was a little skeptical about this item , as I have big feet -LRB- wmns size 10/11 -RRB- , and most standard shoe racks do not accommodate my shoes . Because the trees are easily vertically adjusted , you can fit any size shoe , from sneakers , high heels , sandals to thongs/flip flops -LRB- see photos I added -RRB- . Assembly was very quick and easy - very detailed instructions that took no tools and approx 4 minutes to assemble . The base is sturdy , so little chance of tipping.The unit -LRB- I bought 2 -RRB- was taller and wider than expected , and does not fit into the space I had prepared side by side once the shoes are actually stacked . The closet in my photo measures 24Wx20D . With the shoes added to the item the actual width is approx . 15 inches , and you need at least an inch for twirling purposes . So add about 4 inches -LRB- 16 inch total -RRB- to the width if buying to fit into a specific space . If using 2 units to go side by side you 'll need a minimum 32 inch clearance.I 'd definitely recc this item , as it has freed up so much valuable floor space ! Now all my shoes are neatly stored out of sight in a small closet . If you are looking for a way to store and display your shoes , without having to rummage and dig for them - this unit offers great space saving and organization.Amazon also has it for the lowest price so far ... PS - IF this item breaks down or stops functioning well , I promise to update this review.UPDATE
 One of my New Year 's Resolutions was to declutter and organize my home . I started fulfilling that resolution by cleaning out my closet , but no matter how much progress I made it still looked messy due to my many pairs of shoes . -LRB- My husband has shoes , too , and his take up even more room . -RRB- I saw this and was skeptical , given the amazing price , but I ordered it anyway . Oh , I am SO glad that I did ! It took me less than 5 minutes to assemble it , and even then I could tell by the weight that this was not some flimsy product . Ten minutes later , my closet floor was shoe free!As a prior reviewer noted , this holds sandals as well as regular shoes . My husband has size 13E shoes , and since the racks are adjustable , his shoes fit perfectly.I bought two of these , so I actually had a couple of spare spaces . Know what I 'm storing there ? * Handbags * ! Just slip the handles over where the shoes go and this turns into an accessory organizer , too!Can ' t recommend it highly enough . You 'll be glad you bought it .
 I must say this lil shoe tree is an excellent idea , it 's rather sturdy and aesthetically pleasing . I no longer have to dig through piles of shoes in the shoe closet , now with just a spin of the tree all my shoes are readily available . Mind you we have 6 people sharing the same lil bitty shoe closet in the hall , I 've put two of these in there -LRB- THATS 36 Pairs -RRB- and it 's nice to be able to get your shoes out with ease and your shoes do n't get all scuffed up like they do when they reside under mounds of footwear . I 'm impressed and recommend them to everyone . Amazon.com has the best deals on these too , you could easily find them elsewhere for $ 40 + . Thanks !
 This is a great concept for the man or woman with more shoes than closet space.I live in a suit five to seven days a week , so my shoes are in one of three places at any one time
 This rack is made very well . I saw the exact same one for sale in a local container store for $ 50 . Most all racks that I have seen are made for women 's shoes and just are not large enough for a man 's shoe . With this one , I find that it works better with men 's shoes if you only hang 4 pairs on each of the 3 racks , leaving one space between each pair . By doing this , the shoes slip on and off easily . This works out fine as real men never have more than 12 pairs of shoes .
 I am pleased with the quality of this rack with one exception - the chrome holders are a little too close together and some of the shoes have to be smashed up against one another . It is very well built , sturdy and looks very nice .
 This is a quality product . I highly recommend it . It is very sturdy , well weighted , and provides great storage in a compact space . The price can not be found any lower on the Net .
 this is an outstanding shoe rack that saves lots of room and holds plenty of shoes .
 I had 2 12-pair shoe racks that were taking up too much space in my room , so when I discovered these -LRB- in the skymall catalog ! -RRB- it made a huge difference . They are supposed to hold 18 pairs , but the shoes are too squished if you put 18 pairs . If you put 4 pairs per tier with an empty holder in between each pair they will fit nicely , so 12 pairs is ideal . It was fine with me , I was replacing a 12-pair rack so it worked out the same for me . I bought 3 of these , and freed up enough space to put another bookcase in my room . Get them from amazon , they are half the price of elsewhere and with 2 you get free shipping . Great way to store shoes and save space .
 This is the best shoe organizer ever . Saves space - looks good - revolves - adjustable to fit different shoes sizes -LRB- we have baby shoes , mine and my husband 's giant shoes -RRB- - cheap - free shipping ... . I may end up buying another .
 Love it ... it works great ! Holds a lot of shoes and is sturdy even with revolving .
 very usefuldoesnt take up much roomgreat storage for 18 pairs of shoes
 This is one of my best purchases that I made . It actually looks much better than other shoe racks . It is very space saving .
 It is incredible how it cleaned a corner of my room that used to have a pile of shoes in it . When it is fully loaded , it can be a little difficult to turn . But it was super easy to put together . It also does not sit as high off the ground , as I thought it would . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 I initially ordered two of these two help organize my daughter 's shoes ... and have since ordered two more ! The design is excellent , it is very sturdy and steady and it is an attractive way to organize shoes!Assembly is easy and I love them !
 This shoe rack is extremely well made very stable and solid and very easy to assemble ! This hold alot of shoes and spins really nice , I Have small feet but even my husband shoes which are 11 's fit just fine ! This Shoe Rack Is Perfect , I Highly Reccomend It !!
 This unit is strong , sturdy , and stylish . It holds a lot of shoes and yet tucks into a small space . I bought two and am tempted to buy more , because I do n't think I 'll ever find a shoe tree I like as much as this .
 I am very pleased with this shoe tree . It was easy to put together . -LRB- It helps to read its accompanying instructions before assembling . -RRB- It has plenty of room for this season 's shoes and takes up very little floor space . My bedroom floor looks a lot bigger now that my shoes are n't spread all over the place.The handle makes it easy to move . The weighted bottom keeps it stable even on carpeting . And I was especially pleased to find the same item advertised elsewhere for twice the price .
 High quality . Low price . Easy to put together . Good for small spaces . The only problem that I have now is that I ca n't get the kids to put their shoes on it.-Beaver -
 I 'm very satisfied with this shoe tree . It keeps my room clutter free from everyone 's shoes all over the floor . It is very very sturdy stainless steel . I bought a cheap version of this shoe tree first . The concept idea was good , but it was very weak & the screws stripped out so I returned it . So I checked with Amazon & found one that cost more , but was a very sturdy stainless steel one . It is worth the price . My daughters liked it so much they both ordered one just like mine .
 It is a very sturdy revolving shoe tree and quite heavy too ... It accommodates all my shoes and it is indeed a space saver ... I put it nicely at the garage ... highly recommended though it 's quite expensive but worth it ...
 I ordered this shoe tree because my plastic shoe holder broke . It was easy to assemble with room for more shoes than the plastic one that broke . It also takes up a lot less space in my closet & is very sturdy . Thank you Amazon for offering another great product at a reasonable price .
 I 've tried a few shoe storage solutions ... a couple different types of racks & an over-the-door organizer . Either the racks fell apart when I moved them or the shoes slipped off when someone bumped the rack . The over-the-door organizer did n't hold many pairs & it was n't handy enough for me to use . I searched around and discovered theWhitney Design 2131 18-Pair Revolving Shoe Tree . I thought the price was high , so I put it in my cart for a few weeks until it came down.I put it together myself ... if I can do it , most anyone can do it . It took me a few tries to screw the middle poles together . It kept going together crooked ... so I 'd unscrew it , line the poles up and start over . It took me 3 or 4 times before I finally got it right . I thought the threads were crooked ... nope , it was me . That was the hardest part . Everything else went smoothly.This shoe tree is heavy which is a good thing . The weighted base prevents it from falling over . Each basket/shelf/tier revolves and is adjustable , so before you fasten them too tightly , make sure you can get your shoes off and onto the racks easily . I put the big , bulky shoes on the bottom rack . My daughter wears sz 91/2 med . width . Her tennis shoes touch each other , but there 's room to get 18 pairs of shoes onto this shoe tree . It 's about 15 '' wide with the shoes on it , of course , it 's 38 '' high.Great product ! I 'm thinking of buying another .
 This thing IS large , but it takes up far less space than 18 shoes would , so works out ! Do n't think you 're going to have this sleek little shoe rack in the corner of your closet , this is a sizeable shoe rack .
 The best thing about this shoe rack -LRB- besides it 's cylindrical style -RRB- is that the height of the shoe-holders is adjustable ! The base has a weight in it to enable it to support 18 pairs of shoes of varying weights and sizes without toppling over . The handle at the top makes it easy to relocate the stand while keeping all shoes in place . Overall , a GREAT addition to my closet ! : o -RRB-
 I was just looking for a `` narrow '' shoe rack , as I have my shoes in front of a drawer and had only around 24 inches -LRB- width -RRB- to work with . This rack is evertyhing I was looking for ! I have all shoes and flip flops/sandals on this rack , with the largest being a pair of heavy ankle hiking boots . This thing is in NO danger of teetering over and feels nice and solid . The chrome finish makes it look not-so-cheap , but the price I paid on Amazon tells my wallet otherwise . I 'm not a total shoe-horse , but I do end up with a lot , and my bedroom floor looks so much neater now . The only thing I do n't like -LRB- and this is a pretty small , nit-picky thing -RRB- is that the soles face out , but eh ... I think I can deal with that in exchange for not tripping over shoes every time I go near that part of my bedroom and keeping that area of the floor clean .
 Our son has one in his house and we liked the idea so we ordered one and we just love it and the wife wants one in her closet now . They are heavy enough to keep all the shoes you want on them .
 love this product simple to put together and all my shoes are compact and take up a lot of less space .
 I 've owned this shoe tree for several years and I love it . My kids knock it over often and even stand on it and it just takes it .
 I ordered two revolving shoe racks and may get a third . They are loaded and are holding up well , do n't tip over and actually revolve . Good product at a good price .
 Great way to store 18 pairs of shoes in very little space . Sturdy , easy to assemble , great price .
 This shoe tree is made of high quality materials , and extremely heavy-duty . It easily holds 36 shoes , and will not tip over . I am very happy with this purchase !
 this thing is great , even the kids can use it . we have two and need two more . for those of you who who have to have something to complain about , no this will not hold extra large shoes or work boots . -LRB- my 10 year old put it together -RRB-
 The shoe rack is great . Kinda hard to get my fiancee 's stilletto heals on because they 're all strappy & stuff , but overall it works great . For men 's shoes it 's a no-brainer .
 This is very nice for women 's shoes . Some of my Birkenstocks fit , but are crammed together , but regular shoes fit with no problem . My husband 's size 13 shoes wo n't fit on it though , but that is ok , I did n't buy it for him . I like it and it is n't too tall . It fits well , under my hanging blouses . I do recommend it . Nice heavy weighted base so it does n't topple over . Saves floor space in your closet .
 I have 20 pairs of shoes and my husband used to throw them all in our front closet when I left them on the floor which annoyed both of us . After we bought this , I now know exactly where each pair is and they all have their own place to fit . It saves a lot of time and space loooking for shoes in our tiny apartment .
 Product is as described . Very sturdy and easy to assemble.Very satisfied with my purchase .
 This is a great product , I checked for similar products online with other vendors and all the rest had this same product selling for way more than Amazon !!! Great price , great product and it works just as advertised!Recommend to anyone who needs to reclaim the floor on their closets !!!!
 I have not yet had an opportunity to actually use this item , but it was easy to put together , fits in a small space , and should do the job it is intended to do .
 This was really easy to put together and fits snug in the corner of any room . You can adjust the height of each rack and keep gloves , scarves , etc. in the baskets . Very convenient !
 I compared the customer reviews of this item and items that looked the same , but the reviews were very different . This item did not have the balance/structural problems that other shoe racks of this nature have.I have used this product daily for a few weeks . It holds all my shoes and works perfectly . I highly recommend this item if you are looking for a rotating , multi-tier shoe rack .
 Love it . Takes up little space in the closet , is heavy , better looking and of higher quality than you can see in the picture . It is just what i needed to get shoes off the closet floor .
 Whitney Design 2131 18-Pair Revolving Shoe TreeI love this shoe tree ! I had 2 of them and ordered 2 more . I had shoes all over the bottom of my closet ; now my closet floor is bare , and I can actually vacuum it !
 Can not say enough about this shoe organizer . It holds plenty of shoes and does not take up a lot of space . I actually use it outside so our dogs do not chew our shoes up . It 's sturdy enough to stay up when the dogs try to tip it over for the shoes . If my closet was made different I definately would have one for inside .
 Amazing product ! This was exactly what I was looking for and needed . My husband and I are outdoor people and constantly trailing in dirt , grass and who know what else . We needed a shoe rack that did n't take up space and was elevated . The dirt drops to the floor when you hang the shoes and makes it easy for a quick sweep and clean .
 This product saves me closet space ! Shoes are easy to see and get to !
 I ordered one of these on spec and it was so well designed that I immediately ordered a second one -LRB- we have many shoes in our house -RRB- . This shoe tree takes up very little space and holds as many shoes as it claims . We are very happy with it and recommend it .
 when i received the first shoe rack and put it together -LRB- which was a breeze -RRB- i was sorry that i did n't order the larger one , so i kept the smaller one for myself and ordered the larger one for my son . when my daughter saw the shoe rack , she loved and took mine . so i ordered another one . they are solid secure and hold alot . the center can hold flipflops and socks . i love this product . all the shoes are off the floor and neat in one small space .
 I have really enjoyed owning my shoe tree . No more shoes everywhere ! My shoe size is 71/2 so it is very good for me . It was very easy to put together .
 I just bought my second shoe tree , one for summer shoes , one for winter shoes . They are quality made with adjustable tiers having a weighted bottomed and very nice looking . If measuring for a particular area , add a couple of inches to the width to allow for spinning of the tiers . I wear a size 8 and it easily holds 18 pairs of shoes . I 've seen this tree in catalogs for $ 50 , so you can get two for the price of one through Amazon .
 this rack is very nice and can be put in a small area and do a terrific job keeping shoes in place
 i have seen several shoe racks , but the idea of a shoe tree attracted me . this is a product which keeps your shoes in a very organized way , takes much less room than shoe racks , and looks great . amazon offers a very decent price -LRB- $ 19.99 , which includes S&H , which was free as i bought items worth of > $ 25 -RRB- . if you like browsing , and picking up your favorite shoe , get this revolving tree , it 's amazing .
 This product is really useful -LRB- it 's my second one ; the base of the first one disintegrated in humidity of the sub-tropics -RRB- , but one small clamp was defective . You folks want to send me a whole new shoe rack , and have me send the other one back . NO NO NO ! It weights about 20 pounds , is hard to move , and works just fine with two rather than three levels . I also recycled the box . I just want one new clamp.If you ca n't send it , forget the whole thing.PS How the hell do I file/record this review ????????? This website is n't very user-friendly .
 I 've tried many shoe racks but none worked for me until this one . Meets my needs quite well .
 THIS SELLER NOT ONLY GAVE ME THE BEST DEAL FOUND ONLINE OR IN STORES , BUT THE SHIPPING WAS FREE AND IT WAS IMMEDIATE ! I RECEIVED MY PACKAGE IMMEDIATELY , AND THIS WAS DURING THE CHRISTMAS RUSH . THOROUGHLY IMPRESSED , WILL DO BUSINESS AGAIN FOR SURE . THANK YOU FOR YOUR PROFESSIONALISM .
 This 3 tier hat rack made for Swedish diplomats -LRB- the only country whose servicemen still wear top hats -RRB- keeps the hat looking new and nifty . Simply skewer the hat after spraying some lice remover in the interior and place upon any level to dry . Comes with a nozzle to detect permanent dandruff and fleas also . Approved by the bald man league of Vienna .
 This product is great to organize your shoes in a small space . It is easy to put together and makes finding shoes a snap ! No more piles on the floor to trip on .
 The shoe tree is very sturdy and easy to assemble . I ordered it to replace an over-the-door shoe holder because I plan to replace the existing door with a bi-fold door . It is a great space saver for a closet and makes it easy to see all of your shoes at one time .
 I was pleasantly surprised with the product - at long last the floor of my closet is clear - it no longer takes me 15 minutes to find a matching pair of shoes - bought 2 of them - gave 1 to my niece - she loves it and so do I.
 I ordered two of these & am very pleased . At the time I ordered them I offered to order one for my husband , but he declined . When they arrived & my husband put them together , he was impressed ! I ordered 5 more that night to give as gifts -LRB- and one for my husband of course -RRB- . My closet looks great & they are easily moved around if needed . These are a great deal ! Buy 2 and get the free standard shipping -LRB- I think this is a limited offer -RRB- .
 This is a very handy product , but you must have room for it in your closet . I did n't realize it took up so much space and ended up putting it in my basement where it had room to turn freely without banging into hanging clothes . At least all 18 pairs are contained in one place , but it was my intention to use it in my closet .
 it is durable , sturdy , and really holds 18 adult size shoes and it 's great for flats , sneakers and heels .
 This shoe rack is sturdy and space-saving . Really easy to assemble -- like 5 minutes . The base is heavy enough that it does n't wobble when you turn it . Great for small spaces . Helps control the clutter around doorway or closet.It holds my shoes -LRB- women 's size 10 -RRB- with no problem . The tiers are adjustable to fit different kinds of shoes . Highly recommended !
 I 'm really happy with this shoe rack . I 'd like it to be a little bit taller , but it holds the shoes very effectively and fits well in my closet . I 'd definitely recommend it .
 These were a very well built stand and was very easy to assemble.It was also a very good price
 THIS WAS PERFECT . AND GOT MANY SHOES OUT OF THE BOXES AND OFF THE SHELF.IT TAKES UP VERY LITTLE SPACE , AND ALSO WAS VERY EASY TO PUT TOGETHER.LARGER SHOES , OR MENS SHOES MAY HAVE TO BE SPACED MORE , AND PUT LESS ON RACK .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas and it 's been great . Easy to assemble . Takes up little floor space . Big and study enough to hold a man 's dress shoes , athletic shoes , etc. .
 The revolving shoe tree takes up very little space , it is stable and is easy to move around with the handle on the top . I would definitely recommend it for anyone who does not like a pile of shoes laying by the door !
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift . The recipient was extremely satisfied with it ! Perfect ! Definitely would recommend to others .
 Takes up a little room but fits well into the closet . I have big feet , size 14 and this does the trick .
 It brings great convenience and provides an excellent way to organize my shoes . Shoes with all sizes can fit it . I just love it .
 It is nice to have found a 3 tier tree to stack the shoes vertically - I have lots of ladies heels and the spacing seems to be sufficient between the tiers . I think there is a little more room between the tiers in the 4 tier rack , but I like the low profile of the 3 tier just fine . I do n't revolve the rack that much , but when I do , it seems to be very fluid . I have it standing on carpet and it does have enough stability that I am comfortable with - no problem . I think this is a great tree that allows me to keep way too many shoes !
 The product is well made and sturdy . A real space saver . Cute enough to leave out in the room .
 It 's really not bad . It is perfect for small places and the fact that it spins is a plus too - you do n't have to reach behind to get the shoes that are on the back of the rack . The reason I gave it 4 stars is because it does n't handle longer shoes well ; I have couple of winter pairs that reach above my ankle , and even thou they stay on the rack , they 're a little wobbly and they fall off if I happen to bump against the rack or hit it with something .
 This is a delightful product , very well designed . I really could n't believe how sturdy it is . My wife loves it . About three minutes to assemble . Can be lifted completely full .
 I love this shoe rack . I call it a rack because its not a shoe tree because it will not keep your shoes in good shape . However it is a great space saver . I would recommend it.Jerone
 I am living temporarily at my children 's home and sharing closet space with one of my grandchildren . This tree is sturdy , strong , and holds several pairs of shoes without taking up valuable floor space . I also like the fact that you can adjust each level to accommodate every type of shoe .
 I would make this purchase again and I would recommend this if you need get organized and save space . It went together pretty easy with one exception , the base center was not punched out . My husband had to drill the plastic out . It only took a minute , but it was an inconvenience .
 In my quest to keep my collection of shoes organized , I purchased both a large shoe rack to hold boxes of shoes and this shoe carousel . The carousel is convenient , was easy to put together , takes up a small amount of floor space and is very sturdy . Great value for the low price I paid .
 Not at all flimsy . It stands up easily and is not prone to tip over . You can move it easily from one place to the next if you need to with the handle on top . Over all a good idea and a good price .
 If you are looking for this kind of product , Amazon beats every catalog out there on price . It is also very well built , and easily holds my size 11 shoes with ease . In other words , it does n't tip over because of all of the `` boats '' that are hanging on it !! I ordered two and will order more in the future .
 This shoe tree is really awesome . It 's a little hard to tell from the picture how tall it is , but it comes up about waist high and fits in your closet very easily ! The assembly was a breeze -LRB- and I 'm awful at assembling things ! -RRB- , and the racks are adjustable so that you can leave different amounts of space between each row . All of my shoes are very happy now , not to be piled up on top of each other in my teeny closet . The only small downside is that its really heavy , but at least you do n't have to worry about it tipping over !
 These shoe trees are simply great ! With the bottom weight they are not `` tippy '' , even when fully loaded with shoes ; the chrome looks great ; and they swivel easily . What an improvement over a pile of shoes on the floor !
 This thing is great , and priced much better than several similar units . Putting together was a breeze .
 I had too many shoes and too little space , but could never find something taller that would fit in the same space as a vinyl shoe rack that I had . I 've been looking for a long time , but found nothing except racks that took up a lot of space . I found this in a catalog , then decided to look on Amazon . Voila ! Exact same shoe tree , $ 20.00 cheaper ! The racks revolve so you can reach the shoes easily . Granted , all your shoes soles on public display do not look glamorous , but oh well ! It seems to be stable on its base and was very easy to assemble . A bargain and a problem solver .
 Love these , so does my husband . He uses 1 , and I use 3 ! Really cleans up space in our closet . I wear my different shoes a lot more since I can actually find them now !
 I love this product . . it fits the shoes nicely while looking `` cool '' in the room .
 This was a high quality product , esay to move around when needed , and I received it in a very timely manner .
 Used to be kids ' shoes all over the house . Now that they each have their own shoe tree , they think ` hanging shoes ' from the tree is great fun . What a great idea ! Why did n't I think of it sooner ? And very easy to put together -LRB- well , to be fair , it was n't me who did it , but that 's the report -RRB- .
 Very sturdy , and stylish and perfect for oodles of shoes . I ordered two and will probably order two more !!
 This product was very easy to put together , it does n't take up much space , looks clean and neat and is easy for the kids to use , we love it !
 This was well worth the money . Weighted bottom = does NOT tip over . It is a great space saver . It does not hold 18 pr of shoes ... more like 15 . . depending on size of shoes . I would tell anyone looking for storage that this is a great solution .
 I wish I had `` before/after '' pictures of my closet to insert here . I had completely run out of space in my closet and did n't know what else to do , so I googled shoe rack and found myself on this page . Three days later , after maybe 10 easy minutes of assembly -LRB- I refuse to go to Ikea for the same reason most people do -RRB- , my closet floor was clean and my shoes were on display.I love this thing and am getting ready to order another .
 This gets 18 pairs of shoes into a minimal amount of space . I filled mine in no time and still have more shoes on the floor . Should have bought two !
 I really looked hard for a good/affordable shoe storage solution before getting this . Have this for three months and am happy I got it . Takes up very little closet space . Assembly was easy . Got this for 25 bucks and am surprised at the price jump .
 I love this product . . it fits the shoes nicely while looking `` cool '' in the room .
 Great way to store a lot of shoes . Only drawback is that you have to be able to recognize all of them by their soles , since you ca n't see the tops . But then , if you do n't remember them , you probably have too many , right ? Ah-hem . Rack is easy to assemble , takes up a small amount of space and access is very easy since it rotates . I like it much better than the shelf racks . Seems quite sturdy .
 Weighted bottom is great . This shoe tree could stand to be a little taller with more space between the shoe holders . It is a little difficult for men 's or women 's large size shoes .
 This is a great space saving device . It was on my Mother 's Christmas list and when I found the rack , I got one also . I 'm pleased with the rack and so is Mother . It 's a well made item and a great gift idea , especially for someone who is hard to buy for .
 This 18 pair revolving shoe rack is exactly what I wanted . Easy to assemble , space friendly , and looks great in any room . The chrome quality is sturdy and balances nicely regardless of what type of shoe is hung on it . Totally recommended for a great price !
 This item was easy to put together . It 's very sturdy and we love the adjustable height because my young children can put their shoes on it as they come in from outside . It 's compact enough so it fits right in the corner .
 A great little invention - hardly takes up any space & holds a lot of shoes - only one con - if you have wide shoes-like clogs-they get squished - otherwise - I 'll probably get another !
 It is everything I hoped for -- solid base so I do n't worry about it falling over . A bit bigger than I pictured , but it 's a great space saver . May have to order another one !
 I am very pleased with this shoe tree . Great solution to space consuming racks . I have a small closet but this tree does the trick . It holds all my shoes comfortably . It is easy to use and assemble . The tree spins freely from each tier individually.If it is a little tall , you can unscrew the handle part at the top and save yourself about 4 inces or so . Keep it near the shoe tree so that it is easier to transport if necessary , but the handle does n't spin the tree.I 'm and very happy with the product . Great job !
 I did some searching and reading on different shoe trees . This one is good . I had heard that the 4-tier is a little too tall . The 3-tier is great . It 's sturdy and has n't fallen over like some people reported . Everyone has their shoes on it ... big and small . I 'd buy it again .
 I purchased 2 and am very happy with the product . It is well built and heavy enough not to topple over . I definitely recommend this .
 This is one of those purchases that you have to tell people about ! The Revolving Shoe Tree is easy and quick to assemble and is heavy duty when complete . It takes up very little space and holds plenty of shoes . The racks smoothly twirl to allow easy access to your shoes . I love it and plan to buy one for everyone in my family . -LRB- especially the girls -RRB-
 I had so many pairs of shoes and so many shoe boxes my bedroom was becoming my shoe closet . I liked it so much I immediately bought a second one . Excellent product , sturdy and a great value . I saw a similar shoe tree for $ 9.00 on another site but did not want to sacrifice quality for a low price .
 This shoe tree is a great space saver plus the convenience of the revolving layers is great . It seems to be very sturdy .
 This shoe tree is very heavy so it does n't tip over . Seems to have been made industrial strength but still pretty and shiny . Fits shoes and sandels but is n't so great for boots .
 The product is great . A real help in keeping organized .
 This is a very well constructed product and is all it is described to be . I ordered two carousels and could not be happier . This is the best `` shoe space '' organizer yet devised . Everyone with a few inches of height to spare `` 36 '' needs to get one , two or three of these . It 's great to get a product that lives up to what its supposed to be . This is not your typical `` get organized '' product -- we 're talking quality stuff here . I have never left a review for a product before , but I was inspired by this product . It 's really good .
 This is a space saver . Material is solid and can hold more shoes than my old cabinet . Would have given it a 5 star if not for the messy look when full with old shoes .
 this is a very good shoe storage system and keeps shoes just where you want them
 This shoe rack has enough weight to keep it from tipping over even if you pile shoes only onto one side .18 pair of various style women 's size 8 shoes fit nicely without ` over-crowding ' . Boots with high ` uppers ' will not fit/stay on this rack but that is to be expected.The rack was assembled by my 16 yr . old daughter - she had no problem doing so.Measurements are accurate on this product.Good quality , nice weight , finish on rack is done nicely - I would recommend this shoe rack .
 The Shoe Tree is IDEAL . I purchased one for my son , who wears a size 12 and one for myself , size 8.5 . I can utilize ALL the spaces on the tree , but my son had to make adjustments for the shoe size . But for the most part , the tree is EXTREMELY sturdy and has organized a lot of overflow I had with my shoes . The product is truly worth the price !
 Quality product ... good price ... easy assembly ... fast service ... holds lots of shoes ... easy to move around ... no need to hesitate if you need some help organizing that closet !
 bought for teen shoe collector and works well , better than the sea of shoes covering the floor of closet .
 I love this product and the service was 5 Stars . I love the product so much that I am going to purchase another one . It is well worth the money .
 When I got this product I was a little nervous . It looked hard to put together , but it was n't . Simple instructions . The bottom is weighted so it can hold the heavy duty shoes too ! I recommend the product to anyone that wants to keep a clean and organized house ! Very practical !
 I considered buying a shoe tree from one of those mail order stores , but was hesitant to purchase based on the lack of description . When I found this on Amazon , I decided to give it a try , because I know they are at least a reputable merchant . It was easy to assemble , and has a very nice , heavy , base . It is a real space and time saver , as it is now easy to find the shoes that used to hide under the furniture , and helps dry my shoes , which tend to get wet with all the winter rain and snow .
 This is the best shoe rack ever ! It holds 18 pairs of shoes and only takes up a small amount of space . That is a plus for me since space is at a minimum . To top it all off it is very good looking . I plan to buy a couple more !!!
 These hanger holders are heavy duty and well made . I have two and plan to buy two more . They work great .
 I prefer the silicone brush/baster over the traditional brush as it is much easier to clean . Just need soap and water and it cleans up all the grease much quicker . We have been using the regular brush before and it was always a mess . I often have pieces of bristles ended up on my barbecues.My traditional brush is good on retaining the basting sauce , unfortunately it is also good on keeping the marinating sauce deep within the brush itself . So , although it seems that it gets a lot of sauce , it also does not want to let it go when it is time for clean-up . This silicone brush is better than the round brush type of silicone brushes ; it has grooves which help retain liquid in it . It is made of three tiers or rows . Looks sturdy and well built . Heat resistant up to 500 deg F . The handle is also made of slip proof silicone rubber . Feels heavy and ... heavy duty . But ... the handle is much heavier than the brush head , meaning you can not use a small light bowl and let the baster sit on the edge . It will tip it over . Either you lay it down flat on a surface or use a heavy bowl . Also , it does not have a hook on the side where you can hang it at the side of a pan or a bowl.Overall , it is a quality useful product . A good buy.Hassle free packaging . China made .
 Ok I was already going to like this brush because it 's a shade of orange I happen to like.But that aside , it 's truly a good , practical brush . I liked it enough that when I moved , I bought it again.I 've had other pastry brushes before , and it was always a pain in the butt getting the guck out of it after use , but this brush makes cleanup really simple . Most of the time I can just dunk the brush in hot soapy water and swish it around a bit before rinsing . As for actually using it for basting , the brush distributes glazes and sauces evenly . The slightly ribbed bristles picks up and holds sauce really well.One thing to note
 I bought this for my husband to BBQ . This is our 1st silicone brush . We do n't realize it can hold that much BBQ sauce . We were considering OXO brush but this one is on sale . We have been happy with Mario Batali 's product so we decide to give it a try . -LRB- We have Mario Batali pizza cutter and dough cutter -RRB- I think this is a good purchase and will recommend to anyone . It holds up sauce good and easy to clean .
 The daybreak dinnerware set is everything I hoped it would be . Thanks for the super fast shipment .
 This drying rack is AWESOME . It is small when you have a few items and expands -LRB- WIDE -RRB- when you have a lot . I loved it so much that when I moved I had to buy a second one and it HAD to be the same exact one . If you need a rack , buy this one!Addendum
 I have had a hard time finding a rack that is n't wood . I found this one and it ended up being beyond perfect . It can be used small for just a few things or expanded for lots of items -LRB- without breaking like wooden racks -RRB- . The sweater net on top is very useful and I do n't have to dry it on the bed .
 It is much better than those wooden dowel drying racks . It expands quite nicely . When first received , it felt very sturdy . After a year of use , it is a little wobbly , but nothing like a wooden dowel one would be . Also the top `` lay flat '' area does not extend fully when the product is extended fully . When extended fully , the product is quite large . For this style drying rack , this is the best product on the market . If purchasing today , I would consider a wall mounted or an upright product instead , although I do not know if either product would be an improvement on this great improvement over the wooden dowel drying rack .
 We purchasted this clock as an award for a Yacht Club event , it worked out perfectly there was just enough room under the clock , a little over a half inch for a plack , it looks great . It appears to be a really quality desk top clock . . We are giving it as a gift so we have n't seen it run , but I am sure being a Weems & Plath it will work great too . Very Nautical looking . Amazon had the best price we saw and quick free shipping .
 I hate doing laundry ONLY because I hate sorting socks . I would let it add up for weeks and weeks , which only made sorting socks all the more difficult . This arduous task has been eliminated with this sock sorter , PLUS I never lose a sock unless I 've been too lazy to take the two seconds to secure my socks with this device . Sometimes the smallest , simplest things can enhance your quality of life , and this is one of them .
 There are n't so many sock rings in the market . This one works . So , if you need them , go for it . The price is not too bad either .
 My kitchen is blue and yellow/gold . I have looked everywhere for the perfect color dishpan . I finally found it online at Amazon.com.Thank you for your excellent product and service .
 You ca n't find this color dishpan in any stores anymore ... at least where I live . I 'm so glad I found this online , because the color goes perfectly with our kitchen . Of course , being Rubbermaid , it 's a good , durable product . Very pleased !
 Big , beautiful and I got free shipping beating my Pfaltzgraff web site . I got two and the packing is superior . Not even a crack . Very , very , pleased with this high quality , superior product .
 I 've had these dishes for a while now . I use them every day and I love them . I love the pattern and colors . The size is huge which is a lot of fun . Only problem is the big plates do n't fit in my cupboard . But I do n't mind it . Great dishes !
 I love the pattern on the Pfaltzgraff Sedona and so never considered the size when I bought it , although I did check to make sure it was microwave - and dishwasher-safe . When I unpacked the set , I immediately discovered that the dinner plates did not fit in my cupboard since they are 12 '' in diameter . The coffee cups must fit a half a pot each in them , and the deep bowls take getting used to , especially when it comes to eating salad . -LRB- Their depth is great for soup or cereal , though . -RRB- Although I hate that I have to store the dinner plates in an area separate from the rest of the dishes , I do continue to like this set.The `` microwave safe '' label comes with a caveat that you 'll find once you open the box
 I ordered the dishes because I have never had a set of nice dishes before they were beautiful , shipped to me quickly .
 Nice size , good thickness and have remained color fast through many washings . They have not puckered or pilled.An excellent value , not the best towels I 've ever owned , but certainly fine quality for the price .
 Overall , my wife and I liked the wash cloth . However , we prefer if it is a little more thicker .
 Love these dishes ! Practical and pretty . They do get very hot in the microwave though - hotter than the food . Use an oven mitt to take out .
 The Napoli dinnerware set is just gorgeous and looks amazing in our country house . Thank you!MarianaPfaltzgraff Napoli 48-Piece Dinnerware Set , Service for 12
 I received the so quickly before the dated they told me I love it . Very satified I recommed this product
 The reason I purchased this item is because I frequently take my meals in my work vehicle . I use this item to heat water for soups or soup itself . When I use it for soup it needs a good cleaning after . More often I heat water to add to dry soups . The best thing about this is that it is the only way I have found to boil water in my car . Electric kettles for home use overwhelmed my converter . The reason I gave it four stars is that , when boiling water , condensation on the lids inevitably falls out when removing the top . The only way I 've found to avoid getting wet is open it outside the car . That small inconvenience is far outwieghed by the great convenience and increased meal options this products offer me . It was sure priced right also .
 I bought this for my husband b/c he works out of a service van all day and is on the road a lot . He uses it for hot beverages and soup . He loves it and uses it everyday !
 This works better than I thought - piping hot !!!! Heats up water quickly and perfect for travel.Will buy another !
 This hot pot brings a full pot of water to a rolling boil in about 25-30 minutes , which is a reasonable amount of time considering it 's powered by a 12-volt cigarette lighter socket , not a 120-volt household outlet . I bring it on long road trips to help me make hot beverages -LRB- such as instant coffee , tea , and hot cocoa -RRB- and hot foods -LRB- such as Quaker Instant Oatmeal , Lipton Cup-a-Soup , and Nissin Cup Noodles -RRB- . There are a couple of problems worth mentioning : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Loose LidThe screw lid does not actually screw on . It pops on and off quite easily without you having to screw it on or off . The loose lid poses a scalding hazard , so you have to make sure it you have some way of securing the hot pot . It comes with an L-bracket for mounting the the hot pot but there are no instructions on how to attach the L-bracket to your vehicle . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Heating Coil ExposedThe heating coil is exposed , which makes it hard to clean the bottom of the hot pot . It is therefore best to use the hot pot for heating/boiling water only -LRB- it descales easily with hot vinegar -RRB- . You CAN use it for heating soups and other liquids , but these can leave stuck-on food on the heating coil.Additionally , there are imperfections in the molding of hot pot 's body . The walls of the hot pot is plastic inside and out , so I have concerns about whether the plastic used contains BPA.So , is this hot pot as bad as they say it is ? Yes and No . This hot pot works reasonably well if you 're using it for heating/boiling water -LRB- and water only -RRB- . But it has a few problems mentioned above that you should be aware of before you make a purchase decision .
 I bought this hot pot , along with a 4-pack of Melitta Ready , Set Joe kits , for a road trip during which stopping for coffee , tea and hot chocolate was not an option . My executive summary of the product is that it works well -LRB- and , for those wondering about product longevity , still works even after multiple uses -RRB- and that it can boil water . We 're very happy with it.Read on to find out why I give the product 4 stars instead of 5 . The product description could do a better job of managing customer expectations . While this hot pot will boil water , it does take 35 minutes or so to bring a full 20 ounces of it to a boil . This is n't due to any defect in the product 's design . It has everything to do with the fact that a car 's 12-volt , direct current electrical system is n't made for high-wattage appliances . My minivan can supply up to 120W per outlet , i.e. , up to 10A at 12VDC , which is not very much , and I assume this is fairly standard . In contrast , conventional hot pots draw 3-5 times as much power from household current , which is why they boil water faster.Other than that , my few gripes about this hot pot are :1 . It comes with a mounting bracket , but no instructions that might give an inkling on how one might use it to attach the hot pot to anything on the inside of your vehicle . We ended up discarding the bracket and placing the hot pot on our center console , which is flat , as well as several other flat surfaces we created . But this requires somebody to watch the hot pot while the vehicle is in motion .2 . The lid and removable drinking cup sit on top of the pot , but do n't snap or screw on . So this hot pot is NOT spillproof . See # 1 above , and understand that if it tips over while it 's in use , somebody might get hurt .3 . The exterior of the pot gets quite hot to the touch during use -LRB- although the handle stays nice and cool -RRB- , so trying to hold it to prevent it from spilling is a bad idea .4 . The inside of the pot quickly builds up scaling from the minerals left behind when water evaporates . There 's no way to reach in there with any kind of a brush to clean that out , and the interior surfaces would probably be damaged by such a brush anyway . I recommend filling the pot with white vinegar and soaking it for an hour or so after every trip to keep the scaling under control .5 . Despite what the product description says , do n't even think of making soup , hot chocolate or any other prepared food in this hot pot . You will never be able to get the interior clean again if you do . Stick with instant drink and soup mixes , use a mug or bowl and pour the boiling water from the pot into your mug or bowl in order to make these foods .6 . There 's no spout , and it 's difficult to pour without spilling , so do be careful.To help put the 20-ounce capacity into perspective : - 1 standard mug holds about 10 ounces of liquid . - A typical travel mug holds 12-14 ounces . - A normal size disposable bowl holds 12 ounces . - A large size disposable bowl holds 20 ounces . - A normal size packet of hot chocolate requires 6 ounces of water and gives you about 8 ounces of hot chocolate.As annoying as these shortcomings may sound , they 're minor compared with the comfort and convenience of being able to have real , high-quality coffee -LRB- that 's what the Ready , Set , Joe kits were for ! -RRB- , tea , cocoa and soup while traveling in places where service stations are few and far between or just nonexistent .
 This unit works far better than the Max Burton version . The hardwired plug prevents the unit from shorting out . A cup of water almost boils in about 5 minutes . Would be nice if it were sealable like a thermos , and helpful if the measurements on the side were in cups as well as milliliters . about 250 milliliters to a cup . And like my Max Burton review , Nothing but water in these things . They say soups work in these things but even the protein in milk will burn on the heating elements . ONLY WATER ! so instant add water drinks , oatmeal , ramen noodles , mashed potatoes .
 I purchased this to use in an RV while boondocking . I have a solar system installed in my RV , and use a 12 volt system , so I needed something to boil water or to at least get water hot enough to make coffee . Well , this hot pot does the job ! It definitely boils water with no problem . It takes a while if you have it to the full mark , but that 's not a problem for me , as I 'm just happy that it works and I do n't have to use my propane stove and can now s ave money by using this 12 volt hot pot on power generated by the sun . Works perfect!UPDATE
 I ordered the Hot Pot and was worried it would only warm up . But it takes actually 5 minutes and the water is warm and within 10 minutes the water is cooking . I use the Hot Pot to make milkbottles for my baby while we are going by car . No asking for hot water anymore . It 's working really great . The bottle is nicely isolated to not burn your hands and a small light is on while cooking so you are always aware it 's plugged in . We use it for day trips and camping .
 I bought this for my boyfriend who drives truck and he loves it . he only puts water in it but it boils the water and he uses it for instant coffee , tea , oatmeal , and soups . would n't put anything other than water directly into the container due to cleaning but he uses it often . similar product on global trucker costs about 2x as much so this was a deal .
 I was uncertain about purchasing this product because of several relatively negative user reviews , but decided that it was worth the risk.While those reviews are correct that the hot pot is not quick in heating the water , it does in fact , heat water to very near boiling , and provides an excellent solution for any beverage that requires hot water for a base -LRB- tea , hot chocolate , instant soup , etc. -RRB- . I have used it several times when access to morning hot tea would be difficult , or impossible , and it has given me my morning spot of tea , while relaxing in the car.A very basic unit , but pretty good value for this purpose .
 I agree with the review posted by Mark Lebowitz . Our biggest grip with the product is you need a table to set it on as the supplied clip really is not appropriate if the lid is not spill proof . If the bottom fit a vehicle cup holder it 's short comings would be of little note and safety would be greatly enhanced .
 This product works pretty nice really . It takes at least 5 minutes to heat the water to boiling but without it i cant heat the water at all with just a 12v battery like in the car . I had one of these a long time ago but somehow lost it , so this was meant to replace that one and this one is much better anyway.It doesnt draw an exceptional amount of current from the battery , something like 10 amps . That 's not so bad that you have to start the car for each use . I also considered using an inverter and 120vac hot pot , but that takes more from the battery even though it would heat faster . This is just fine and i dont have to worry about an inverter breaking down and leaving me with nothing . The direct 12v plug means i can run it off of my car or off of my 12v jumper pack -LRB- a 12v battery made for jump starting a car without needing an 120vac outlet -RRB- .
 PERFECT ITEM FOR THOSE WHO ARE ON THE ROAD MORE THEN HOME . FROM WATER TO CHILI/SOUP ETC ITS GREAT . PLUG INTO YOUR CIGARETTE LIGHTER IN YOUR CAR/TRUCK AND THERE YOU HAVE IT.ENJOY
 As other state , takes about 15 minutes to warm a full pot to the temperature necessary for making instant coffee or oatmeal . The lid fits well enough to prevent spills if supported in an upright position -LRB- wedged into my passenger seat against my luggage -RRB- , but is by no means water-tight if it happens to tip or get bumped . The adapter does not fit tightly into my cigarette lighter , so I have to keep an eye on it , as it does occasionally pop out . Overall , I 'm glad I have it on my 2-month road trip , but it is not convenient enough that I will use in my everyday life when I get home .
 I took this out on a trip in very cold weather in an open `` car '' in very rough terrain . It was great . As long as I was able to keep it upright I was able to make enough hot water to fill my Emerson 12V travel mug so that I could have some hot spiced cider -LRB- I do n't drink coffee -RRB- . I recommend only heating water in these as the coils would be very hard to clean . It did n't take too long before the water was hot . The outer cup is the one that seals , and the inner one does n't seal as much , so I just kept them both on . I actually bought two so I could give one as a gift , but I 'm going to keep both and order more to give as gifts.There was no `` plastic '' taste in the water as other units have been reviewed . The pilot light was a nice feature to let me know it was on .
 I got this for my boyfriend since he 's a truck driver and he loves it . He told me that this heats up his coffee and soup in 5 mins . He takes it to work when he stays out on the road and wo n't be home in a day or two .
 I have a friend who goes to bird shows around the state . I thought this thermos would keep his coffee warm , but he found a new use . He hand feeds his baby birds & can never find warm water at the shows . Problem solved.He loved it .
 Roadpro 12v hot pot , 20 oz . worked better than expected , heated water for instant coffee , I have never had a gizmo like this work so good !
 my husband wanted it for the boat and it is perfect . his comments - uses a lot of electricity for its size . only has a vertical mounting for stability and would prefer a base mount . takes about 20 minutes to heat up full load . Otherwise it works great in comparison to what else is out there . I like the internal light feature so you can see . If you have unlimited 12 volt power this is great .
 This is a very handy item , it holds twenty ounces of water -LRB- one large coffee -RRB- and gets the water hot in twenty minutes . Now I have instant coffee anytime while on the job .
 Wonderful money saver for truck drivers !!! Making my own coffee and instant oatmeal saves me more money . Well worth the money !!!
 We totally were blown away with this water pot . Did n't really expect much , and was so pleased to be wrong . We will never leave home without it on long trips ! It takes a little bit -LRB- 25 min 's for the temp we like it at -RRB- of planning ahead , but well worth it ! We do not drink water from states we visit , we carry our own , so coffee from a truck stop is not an option . This was perfect for 2 cups of coffee . A little awkward with the lid , pay attention . Needs someone other than the driver to attend to it , but so worth it ! We love it !
 I bought this Hot Pot mainly for my emergency preparedness kit , but have tried it out a few times to make sure it works properly . Before trying it out , I read many of the reviews and found the one by Mark Lebowitz to be the most useful . With his experiences in mind , I used it to boil water for hot chocolate , tea and cup-a-soup mix , and here 's what I found out : * Yes , it 's slow ! It took about 15-20 minutes to boil half a pot of water , and about 30 minutes for a full pot . Unfortunately , the description does n't make this clear , which can lead to expectations beyond the capabilities of the hot pot . It 's basically an immersion heater mounted inside a pot , so you can conveniently heat water without having to babysit the immersion part . So , considering what it is , the time it takes is pretty reasonable . If you buy it thinking it will heat water almost as fast as a microwave , you 're going to be very disappointed . But as long as you plan ahead and do n't expect really fast results , this little hot pot can meet your water-boiling needs . * The lid and inner cup snap on , which means the contents can spill if the pot is n't kept upright . Since the outside of the pot gets too hot to hold with your bare hands , you 'll need to use a large potholder or gloves . However , if you 're driving alone , you obviously wo n't be able to hold it at all . I solved that issue when I found a cardboard box with a wider base than the pot , stuffed it with a couple of old towels , put the pot in the center and placed the box on the passenger-side floorboard . The box does n't tip over , and the towels keep the pot upright and can be used like a potholder when handling the pot . It was irritating to have to figure out this solution , but after I did , the pot was easy to transport . * The mounting bracket apparently is n't meant to be used in a car ; it 's shaped to be mounted on the flat underside of a truck dashboard . This makes sense , because truck drivers are likely to be the largest target market for this product . The manufacturer really should have included written directions that stated this information ; it would have kept a lot of people from getting frustrated when trying to figure out how to use it . * I only used it to boil water , because it seems that milk or soup or any thicker liquid would be really hard to clean out of the pot and especially off the heating unit . Since I bought it planning to use it only with water , this is n't a problem for me . I do think the description is very poorly written and misleading
 I bought this after careful review of other experiences . I 've only used it once so far , but it 's done what it 's supposed to do . I had just a heating element earlier and someone let it drop all the way and short out . I 'm planning on not worrying about this with this product ; I wo n't have to sit there and hold the element in a cup . Sure , it might take twice as long to heat water for two mugs , but then two of us can enjoy a cup together then heat up more .
 I am not kidding - this is the COOLEST thing ever ! I recently drove from Colorado to Prudhoe Bay and back and used this thing almost constantly . I only used it to boil water - did not cook in it , but it is fantastic . Ramin , coffee , tea , Cup O Noodles , Easy Mac , you name it . All the crappy food you only need water to make - this is ideal ! I was alone and it definately was challenging to use whilst driving , but if you do it long enough , I guarantee you will figure out a way so it 's easy . I will say the holder it came with is totally useless .
 See my uploaded pictures.We tested it at home using an AC/DC converter . So far , we brought 1 cup of water to 156F in 7 minutes . Then we filled it with 20 oz . of water and brought that to 184F in 30 minutes and 206F in 40 minutes . We ca n't wait to try this on the road . I will not use this to heat soup or other foods though , just mainly for hot water . If traveling , just time your coffee/tea break . : -RRB- Update November 2012 ! I still have it . We 've tried it on the road and it works ! We do n't use it to heat cooked foods , only water to make coffee.I love this gadget !
 It works ggreat boils water in 35 minues . You just need to keep in mind its 12v so it takes longer .
 Well designed , well constructed , and the reliability and service of Amazon.com is a real bonus .
 OK I really did n't think this device would heat water as good as a household appliance . Boy was I wrong !!! I work as a local truck driver in Phoenix Arizona . I have to be at work at 4am . In March , its a little chilly outside so instead of spending a $ 2.00 for coffee at a `` C '' store , I figured I would save money and time making coffee , hot chocolate or green tea in my truck . Its a hassle just trying to park a big rig at some of these convenience stores.So I filled the Hot Pot up with water , and plug it up for 30 minutes . When I grabbed the Hot Pot , its was very hot and the steam from the BOILING water burned my fingers !!! LOL.Needless to say , this device works great , BUT do not leave it plugged in for more than 15 minutes . No on off switch or timer . When its plugged up , a white light from inside the pot will illuminate.Great product , this will save me time and money !!!
 It was a given away as a gift for a christmas swap . Nothing more I can say . Making me write more words is a waste
 good product low price and super fast shipper , better then buying at truck stops , just remember never to start without water in it even for 10 seconds
 I only used it once . So I do not know if it would last long . It has a cheap look . It works well but would take 30 minutes or so to heat up a full pot .
 If you have a friend -LRB- Or you your self -RRB- who loves dogs and bobble head dolls , Look NO Further !
 In the past I 've always had inexpensive peelers that would break , rust , and were a hassle to use !! I searched Amazon.com for one that would n't cost too much and would hold up to a lot of use !! I really like this peeler !! It 's not too heavy and does a good job of peeling !!
 These sheets are awesome ! I would purchase them again . Great product , great price .
 Great size for lunch . I 'm a full time camper . These are elegant yet sturdy . They are perfect for travel , and look great for company . Will be buying more to fill in the entire set .
 I have used this pattern for 10 years . Over time , pieces have been dropped and broken . I was very happy to find replacements -LRB- plus a couple of extras -RRB-
 So glad I could replace my old tablecloth at a reasonable price ! I absolutely love this print !! I especially am grateful to have found it in a oval size which is much harder to do !
 It 's better than expected . Beautiful , elegant , soft . I love this . You can use it for any occasion , holiday , or normal days . It adds some art in your room .
 And it washed very easily ... spilled red wine on it & it washed out . Drapes beautifully and covered my old , tired table quite nicely !
 Beautiful tablecloth ! Perfect Christmas design
 This is a quality tablecloth that looks great on the table and washes well . I have used it for several Christmas dinnersand it still looks wonderful .
 Looks great for the Christmas season ... Good quality ... Does what it is supposed to do cover the table and look good.Hmmm I guess that 's it .
 Looked beautiful for all my holiday entertaining ! I put it on my glass top round table and what a change it made ... very festive !
 Perfect for my Holiday table . I received many compliments.I also ordered matching napkins.I was a little surprised and disappointed that the detail was stamped on . Beautiful never the less . . its a keeper .
 Perfect , just what I wanted . Will be great on table next Christmas . I have shower curtain and bath accessories also in this design .
 The best price around on the Lenox butterfly table cloth . It is beautiful and well made . If you are looking for a table cloth with beautiful butterflies . . this is the one that will do . Nice for Easter , nice for Spring .
 This tablecloth is the foundation for setting an elegant looking table . It is durable and is machine washable and dries with few wrinkles if removed from the dryer immediately .
 I always wanted this tablecloth because it is so pretty and elegant . I finally bought it because the price was right . I love it !! It fits great and I get a lot of compliments on it .
 This is the third type of Lenox Holiday Nouvou item I have purchased
 Very pleased with this tablecloth . The fabric washes well and needs little ironing . The colors are bright and cheerful and fit well with my decor . The size fits my table well-not too much overhang on the sides or ends . I have an old -LRB- antique -RRB- table and some tablecloths are skimpy with the overhang on the sides but this one is fine .
 this is a very beautiful table cloth . i have a small round table with 2 chairs , it is for a long round table and it hangs over the sides . but it is high end no doubt . . love it , my grand daughter loves it ... it will be in the family for years to come .
 this hit the spot for my Christmas party the table looked so festive and beautiful . The night got a little crazy and some knocked over a full glass of wine . I trusted the product so I let it sit on the table for a couple of hours then after my dinner party left i sprayed shout on it and let it soak overnight and I washed right out . Looks great
 I am very pleased with my new Christmas tablecloth.It arrived promptly , packaged well and I wouldorder again . Cheers ,
 This very long 60 x 120 '' table cloth -LRB- $ 31 -RRB- is absolutely beautiful ! It wo n't take much effort to make my table look like I spent a fortune . I will set it with my white dinnerware , a 10 '' fake wreath w/red & green bow -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- that will surround a large piller LED candle -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- ... some greenery coming from each side -LRB- clipped from tree . . free -RRB- and I will have a georgeous table to celebrate on for years at under $ 50 ! I am going to also get the 70 '' round size $ 29 -RRB- because it is so beautiful and so inexpensive and my table without leaves is round.Hint . . by using the LED Flicker candles and an artific1al greans you will have a beautiful , safe , afffordable and re-usable table decor to use for many years to come .
 At first I was keeping this for good , but it washes up so nice and looks so fresh and inviting on the table , I use it a lot . Stains -LRB- wine and spaghetti sauce -RRB- have come out in the wash with no problem , so even with the grandkids , I do n't put it away !
 The tablecloth is beautiful and looks so nice on my table . Also ordered the table runner and isequally as nice . I would recommend this to anyone who wants a festive table .
 Just what I was looking for . Very good quailty . Very fair price . I am very happy with this purchase .
 This tablecloth is beautiful . What a deal.If you like to entertain it really makes a great look for your dining room . I would recommend this product to anyone who loves the holidays .
 Anything by Lenox - you ca n't go wrong !!! This tablecloth is lovely and will never '' go out of style '' . And what a big savings on Amazon.com !!!!! You will pay 2-4x the price in a retail department store !!!
 This tablecloth was a beautiful addition to our kitchen holiday decor.It was a very well made , quality item .
 This tablecloth is exactly what we were looking for . After running all over town to various stores we found what we wanted on Amazon .
 This a very nice table cloth . I used the coordinating Holiday Gatherings runner on top of it as an accent . If you are not looking for a bright red table cover , this is not the one for you . The red is vivid but pleasant .
 I looked for many holiday tablecloths and this one caught my eye because of it 's simple elegance . No gawdy designs and not too busy but looks very nice on table . Arrived on time in new condition . Got a duplicate shipment somehow but returned the duplicate without issues and my account was credited promptly with no questions asked . Thanks for being easy to work with and offering such a nice product !
 I bought this for Easter dinner and it was beautiful . It washes well and does n't need ironing . I t is a good choice .
 I have this tablecloth on my kitchen table for Christmas . It is beautiful . I just happened to see it on Amazon one day and I really loved it , so I sent for it . I 've had so many remark 's about it from different people , they asked me where I got it and I told them Amazon . They could n't believe it , because they did n't realize Amazon sold products like this .
 I was amazed by the quality of it and its water beading feature ! I will never have to look for another table cloth and I believe this piece will last a long time . Definitely worth the money .
 Really beautiful and elegant and affordable . Crisp design , perfect hems . An heirloom to pass down through your family . This design comes in many different sizes , and matching napkins . Lenox has always been known for its perfection , and this tablecloth and its napkins fit that profile perfectly .
 I just had to have this & it was worth the buy ! Still going strong , love it ! will buy again if need to .
 This tablecloth will adorn my holiday table at this year 's Christmas -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , so I have n't yet used it . But after taking it out of the packaging I noticed the 100 % cotton material felt soft yet durable , exactly what I would expect from Lenox . The red plaid design will go easily with any holiday decorations and table settings , without being overly fussy or distracting . Excited to create new , festive holiday meals to serve on this tablecloth !
 70 &#34; round is just perfect for my table . Whenever I get tired of fall & winter things I put on the Butterfly meadow linens & I feel better .
 This is a replacement cloth for one I have had for years . I do n't see it one Lenox 's web site so I was afraid they stopped making it . It is the basis for a beautiful holiday table and I wanted to make sure I had it available for years to come . Mine was well used and getting a little faded from the years of use . I have gotten compliments from some very critical people -LRB- yes , I do n't know why I invite them either as it kills them to give a compliment but with the way I decorate they just ca n't help themselves !!!! Secretly , I love it !!!! -RRB- The best part of this order was the service . I literally ordered in on Monday at 10 AM and had it on my doorstep the next day , by 10 AM ! I could n't have found it in a store any quicker ! Great company to deal with .
 I got what I paid for , a pretty , whimsical tablecloth that is perfect for spring and summer . I love it .
 Not only perfect for Christmas Day , but we enjoyed it being on the dining table for the whole Christmas season . There are many beautiful pieces such that everything you 'd ever want or need to set a perfect Christmas table is available -LRB- check eBay , thrift stores , friends - I borrowed dinner plates this year and found a 16 &#34; platter on Rue La La for a good discount -RRB- . Washes up nice ; clean and no shrinkage . -LRB- You 'll need to iron it , though . -RRB- The picture does n't come close to capturing the weight , sheen , and overall high quality you 'd expect from the Lenox name.Purchase this as a foundational Christmas table piece and build up your collection as you can and put this pattern on your Christmas wish list when you 're at a loss as to what to tell family members you 'd like.Consider giving this as a wedding gift with a platter to match to start a couple 's life of entertaining for Christmas together in style .
 This was our second Lenox tablecloth with this design . It is a beautiful tablecloth for A Christmas Dinner setting . However , I found that the luster in the gold ribbon design wore off after just one laundering . It has faded to a dull brown . The tablecloth was laundered according to instructions including air drying instead of using an electric dryer .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister , who absolutely loves it . I am sooo pleased that I found this .
 This tablecloth was prettier than pictured , good quality material . Purchased for a family holiday dinner . My grandson spilled a glass containing red wine on it on it 's first use . I was able to get the stain out and it washed up beautifully
 70 &#34; round tablecloths are hard to find . This holiday tablecloth was more beautiful than the picture ; damask materials launders very well and does not need ironing . Lovely !
 This was great for the holidays . Comes in a variety of sizes and napkins too . I opted to use solid colored dark green napkins and the combo was great .
 I owned this for my large dining room table and bought this one for my kitchen table . It was beautiful having the two rooms coordinated .
 The tablecloth fit beautifully . Napkins are a great size . Good quality and easy to clean . Many complements from family and guests .
 showed up on time , lovely fits my round table well both when it is small and when it is extended to full size
 This tablecloth was everything I had expected and more . The colors are very vibrant and the gold trim is very shiny . My Christmas dishes looked wonderful on it and we received a lot of compliments . I have not washed it yet so do not know how it will stand up to that , but everything else about this tablecloth is worth every penny . I am sad to have to put it away until next holiday season .
 This is so pretty for spring . It was a great buy . I love it . I love changing up my table for seasons ...
 Very pretty , very elegant , pure cream with gold embroidary though , no green or red in it
 The quality and price ca n't be beat . Great way to start Xmas shopping .
 This tablecloth is just beautiful and washes like a dream . It spans Spring and Summer , no problem , so it is versatile . My only beef ? I wish that it did n't shrink a little . I have a wierd size table , and it was perfect when I first bought it , but after washing it is a bit short on the `` long '' end , and shorter , but not a problem on the `` shorter '' sides . My dream is that tablecloth manufacturers preshrink their cloths so that the finished size is the one that I can trust . Anyway , this is possibly the most beautiful tablecloth I own , goes well with a variety of everyday dishes and fine china , and washes up beautifully with messy kid eaters . It 's made me consider the matching napkins !
 This is a very pretty tablecoth , The colors are so pretty . I 'm really pleased with this .
 I own the complete set of Lenox Holiday China , serving pieces , and many of the accessories . The Holiday Nouveau tablecloth , table runner , napkins , and napkin rings are the perfect finish for an impressive dining room . My guests were in awe of how beautiful the china and linens matched . My family and I were so awestruck at the elegance of the room that we decided to use it as the backdrop for our Christmas photos . All of my Lenox , including my linens , will become memories that will far outlast my lifetime . But remember , if you buy it - use it ! Lenox is meant to be used and enjoyed .
 Beautiful table cloth . I ordered the 70 inch round cloth just to decorate a small table . This table cloth would go with most table top Christmas decor . The red is not bright as someone mentioned in another review . Beautiful nonetheless !
 This product was of high quality and even nicer then I expected . Would highly recommend it to anyone .
 This was far more beautiful than I imagined by the picture . It is very nice quality fabric and washes up easily . No ironing !
 I was looking for Christmas Tablecloths that were conservative and to be able to use 2 in an area that the cloths would not overwhelm the area . Amazon had the largest selection and had just the tablecloths that solved my problem . The cloths were on sale , I ended up paying less for 2 cloths than the retail price of one !!!
 Tablecloth is very well made and was the finishing touch to our dining room table for the holidays .
 This product made a perfect gift for my mother . My mother love it . The quality is great . The only downside is that is was a little too small other than that everthing was great , not mention the quick delivery .
 Bought these to replace the holiday tablecloths I purchased elsewhere that were only half their original size when removed from the dryer . These are easy to launder , look great , and really do sell for much more elsewhere .
 Cruising through my table dressings trying to find inspiration for a bridal shower I found this pattern in a couple of placemats . Soft , Spring/Summer colors and feminine flower designs make this perfect for this special occasion . Lenox table coverings can not be bested in design and quality . Will also be using another Lenox table clothLenox Opal Innocence 60-by-120-Inch Oblong / Rectangle Tablecloth , Whitethat really dresses up a formal table .
 My Grandchildren always love to come to grammies for family diner , In todays busy world having a tablecloth , candles , and flowers is very special memory .
 Lovely compliment to any holioday lenox china that has the gold trim . I have Winter Greetings , but this compliments Holiday and other patterns , too . Non-christmas enough to use for other festive occassions - just golden metallic holly leaves and berries on an ivory background . The ivory background color co-ordinates with all classic Lenox ivory vases or china . If you love leaf patterns , you 'll enjoy this.I recieved many compliments on this tablecloth when entertaining .
 I purchased the Lenox Butterfly Meadow tablecloth and when it arrived , I was absolutely amazed at how beautiful it is . It is much more vibrant in color than in the picture and the material is very lovely . It almost looks like white satin or silk in some areas . It truly is beautiful . I know I keep repeating muself but it truly is.I used it for the first time 2 weeks ago and I had some people over . One of my friends looked at it , stopped in her tracks , and after 30 seconds or so of silence , said , `` this matches my dishes '' . I laughed and said , yes , it is Lenox . She asked where I purchased it and if it was expensive and I filled her in on details . She just could n't get over it.All that is the positive side . Now for the negative and this is why I gave it only 4 stars instead of 5 . I washed it and followed the manufacturer 's instructions to the letter . However , I was a little disappointed that it did not look as great after washing as it did before . Anotherwords , it was a little wrinkly and the edges were curled . It looked as if it needed a cool or warm iron to touch it up . Maybe that is the case . I just thought it would be wrinkle proof.But it is still gorgeous , looks fantastic on the table , and I would buy it again , but maybe in a larger size for when I opened my dining room table to be larger.So , all in all , I would still recommend it and I would buy it again .
 If there were more stars I 'd give this a 10 out of 10 ! I decided to change my Christmas theme this year & was quite impressed by what I saw on line . I can only say this tablecloth exceeded my expectations 100 % . The quality is premium and the pattern is lovely . I also bought the table runners and some fingertips towels to match & visitors keep commenting how great they all look.Can ' t wait to get more stuff in this pattern .
 I was worried that the white would be hard to keep clean since I have two children who still make a mess when they eat . I used it through the holiday season and it still looks brand new . It is a beautiful tablecloth and it is a good quality one . I love it .
 I purchased the Lenox `` Holiday Nouveau '' 70 '' round tablecloth to coordinate with several Lenox Holiday Nouveau serving pieces . Crafted of 58 % cotton , 42 % polyester and machine-washable -LRB- cold water with like colors -RRB- , the ivory-on-ivory holly leaves catch the light and make the tablecloth shimmer , while the tartan ribbon is accented with holly and berries . Be sure to pick up the matching napkins for a gorgeous presentation !
 The colors are beautiful . It is nicely made and fully reversable for that quick sprucing up for the unexpected visitor .
 I bought 3 sizes of the Golden Holiday tablecloth and matching place mats . I also purchased 2 sizes of the Holiday Nouveau tablecloth plus a runner and matching place mats . At first I did n't like the Golden Holiday as it appeared in the package , but once it is on the table , it REALLY is quite attractive . It is the one I keep on the table unless there is a formal dinner . The Nouveau is beautiful in the package and on the table . I use it for more formal gatherings . Both of course go great with my Lenox Golden Holiday dishes . It is simple elegance that ties in well w / Queen Anne styled furniture . I am careful to wash them separately on the gentle cycle , medium setting on the dryer , and lightly touch up w / an iron to remove the creases . Thus far I 've been lucky all food mishaps have come clean . The fabric quality and craftsmanship is high so it justifies the early season discounted sale prices which now are considerably lower , but I would not have paid the listed price on the package . I have yet to be disappointed in anything Lenox and I own numerous pieces . Some are concerned about the quality of the products being made in China vs. USA , but I have not noticed any decrease in quality . Happy holidays !
 I am VERY PLEASED with my new tablecloth !!! It is almost a 3-D look with the various colored flowers and butterflies ! Very elegant on my Ethan Allen dining room table , too . The nice thing is it also matches my decor and tabletop flowers . I would recommend the Lenox Butterfly tablecloth to ANYONE who wants to set a beautiful table ; it washes and dries wrinkle-free . THAT is a bonus !!
 A very nice tasteful table cloth Washed very well and looked just as good after the washer as it did coming out of the box . Will use it for many Christmas 's to come
 It 's Lenox . Do you expect any less than wonderful ? Beautiful fabric , vibrant colors . Easy to wash and iron . Good deal .
 This was spectacular tablecloth on my table at Christmas , was beautiful and elegant , I love , I recommend an excellent acquisition
 Lovely tablecloth with jacquard and X'mas inspired ribbon design all around . It indeed lends a festive touch to the dining area and I wish I had ordered the napkins ! It is good enough to be used not only for X'mas but right through the New Year .
 My daughter in law loves it ! It goes perfectly with her china . Described exactly the way it is . Would recommend it in a heartbeat .
 it is very elegant and made my Christmas table look very festive . I am most pleased with the selection . It also washed up very nicely
 This is a beautiful tablecloth . My daughter-in-law loves butterflies , so I wanted to get her something special for Christmas . She was very pleased to get this gift . It was delivered well before Christmas . Great service !
 It is so hard to find an Oval tablecloth at the store , so it was a risk to not see the material - although I know that Lenox is a good brand . It is really much prettier on my table than in the picture . I love it !
 It is difficult to find Oval table cloths , this one worked perfectly for our Dining Room table , and it looks great
 This table cloth is beautiful , we just moved to the country and it looks great on our formal dining room table . I make sure I remove it before we eat . I do not want it to get stained . It is a wonderful gift to give anyone .
 I totally agree with all of the other 5 * reviews of this product.Beautiful results , easy installation and reasonable price for the effect.I do wish they had many more patterns to choose from and more like this geometric stained glass , but in different colors , blues , greens , lavenders etc would also be stunning I 'm sure . Longer pieces and a grid on the backing paper would make installation even easier ... but I am very happy with this product .
 Artscape decorative window film is sooooo easy to put on your windows . After a year I even removed and put that same film on another window . It 's great for so many purposes ... keeping out direct sun , privacy and keeping your dog from going crazy over squirels !!! I have the Amber Glass on my sliding glass doors and the wisteria and two windows in my kitchen and it really adds to both the inside and outside appeal . I love it !! FYI Amazon has the best online price !!!
 Word of caution ~ this pattern is no longer available . So if you have some ~ GUARD IT ! Easy to use ~ and it instantly dresses up any window without the need of covering it with drapery ...
 Having read all the reviews I was very careful not to get the backing wet . However , after reconfiguring the panel to fit my window I discovered that there were several pieces of paper sticking to the largest piece of film when I peeled the backing off . The other reviewers were right ... it is just about impossible to get these little pieces off . I discovered , after carefully picking at the bits of paper for a long time , that Goo Gone works great , and does not damage the window film . I am enjoying the lovely amber light coming through the window this afternoon , and my neighbor wo n't have to watch me working at my computer anymore while he washes dishes .
 I debated about getting something like this for over a year , I did n't want to spend the money and have my front door look cheap -LRB- I 'm picky -RRB- . I 'm so glad that I got this !!! It looks beautiful and I can now take off the blinds and get more light into my living room without everyone who comes to the door seeing me on the couch . It took me two try 's to get the film up correctly without bubbles but once I did it looked amazing !
 This product was really easy to apply . We have a 12 inch horizontal window that runs across all of our windows . I cut this in half to run it across that horizontal window and left the bottom windows clear and it looks like a great stained glass accent across the top . I would recommend it for its ease of use and how nice it looks . It filters the light but lets it through . Very nice .
 This is the 2nd design i bought for by studio apt . in a basement . It is so easy to do and the results are great . i have privacy , light and beauty . I love this product .
 Very nice window film . I adds privacy but will also darken the room a bit . Went on easily and stays put . Once you do your first window , any subsequent window will be even faster to apply . Amazon 's price was lowest of the other websites I shopped , it even qualified for free shipping .
 i am a student , not too experienced in decorating anything - but this was so easy to install even for a person like me -LRB- i just skimmed over the other reviews and did what others did . it took five to eight minutes really -RRB- . The final outcome is beautiful -LRB- my window looks like a stain glass -RRB- and you get your privacy . it 's really lovely during the day too . i live in a small apartment in nyc and this was one of the best things i did for my apartment so far .
 This is a nice , clean alternative to drapes . Easy to apply , provides total privacy and I like the mission style design . I used it for a window in my office that overlooked the house next door . If there were more designs available with this window film , I 'd probably buy more and have fun with other windows in the house . Very happy with this purchase .
 This window film is perfect for allowing a lot of light through and providing privacy . I love the way it looks . It was easy to install .
 This Frank Lloyd Wright styled design looks great . Went on easily . Cut to size , spray window , peel off backing , apply film , slide into position , squeegee excess water and bubbles out - from center to sides , mop up water at edges . Sit back and enjoy . This film allows all the light in , but allows no viewing through from either inside or outside . We left a space at the top to allow checking the weather -LRB- snow on trees at present -RRB- . db
 Loved the product and it looks wonderful installed . However , Amazon sent me 2 wrong roles and I could not return them as it was over 30 days before I got back from my son 's and opened the package.I needed 4 - they sent me two and two I did n't order so I had to buy 2 more and send the 2 wrong roles back to another address in Kentucky and pay frieght on an error that was n't mine.I think Amazon should have a 1-800 number for these kind of situations where the customer has recieved an incorrect order and yet is past the 30 day return policy
 I originally bought this to restrict anyones view of inside our home , we have two neighbors that are up a hill and have a perfect view of our kitchen/living room . we just moved here a few months ago and I had noticed that when aproching my house from the back street I could see directly into my kitchen window and kitchen back door , I was shocked that the previous residents didnt already have privacy added to the windows as I did ! After I put the tint up it took no time at all for me to notice how convenient it could be . I asked a friend what she thought about it and if it looked okay , and she started telling me she wouldnt have put it up on the back windows of the house , that she would put it up in my livingroom so that people passing by could see it . although I did not get it for people passing by to look at , I realized alot of my friends dont like the look up close but from far away they are fooled . I got it for privacy and to block small amounts of sunlight . I picked the amber color because my entire house is painted yellow , with white trim . so this workes wonderful and is beautiful in the daytime . I cant see through it and thats perfect because thats why I got it . I also bought an additional one for my bathroom window and for the same reason , privacy , not looks , but it will shock you just how amazing it looks in the daylight , or at night with a porchlight on . in my bathroom it elluminates the light and makes the bathroom all golden yellow . its so peacful and pretty in the mornings when i get up . dont let the look of it all rolled up and not applyed to the window yet fool you , it does look rather fake and stupid looking when in the box rolled up , but once u put it up on the glass its so pretty ! I would advise getting one for every window in your house , even the little window in your back door and the glass screen doors with the windows , SO AWSOME . its so pretty too . makes your house look very nice to .
 Iam very happy with my purchase.it was easy to apply . in my case i used plexiglass . it worked really nice . the key to fast and painless application is a really wet surface to lay it on , then sqeeze out the water starting at center . i used a credit card carefully not to scratch it.it was easy and it looks great.i was surprised at how real it looks .
 We have an old house with a beautiful old front door . It has a large window . We have plantation shutters on all the windows for privacy and a curtain on the window of the door looked silly . This film went on so easily and looks wonderful . It really does look like a stained glass piece from outside . I get my sunshine and light and the privacy I was looking for .
 The two sheets arrived in great condition in just 2 days ! They were easy to cut to fit the multi-paned door . They look great , and get compliments from all my visitors.One word of caution . Be sure to keep the backing dry , dry , dry . If it gets wet , it will stick to the film , and will not be removable .
 We have used this product before ; once in a bathroom window and another in a commercial application . And like those , this was as easy as it gets . The commercial application is going on 3 years with no issue.I would rate it a 5 except for the fact that 24x36 seldom fits any window you are wanting to do . In this case , we had to turn the pattern on its side and cut along one of the black edges and repeat the pattern to get it to cover the width of the garage window . Same with the older application , and that one not being a geometric pattern , you can see the cut .
 I bought a frost window film by the company , Gila , for bedroom privacy . I viewed the videos on how to install it . I definitely needed to follow the detailed instructions to the letter , as well as having to need a helper . I expected the same precise instructions for the Amber Window Film by Artscape . No so ! The Artscape film is much thicker and has a stretch quality to it . I had no helper and installing it was a cinch.Some helpful observations and tips :1 -RRB- Whatever you do , DO NOT get the paper backing wet . It sticks to the film and I painstakingly took a long time scraping off dots of paper with a razor blade . 1 or 2 dots show on the window but fortunately they 're at the bottom .2 -RRB- When I opened it I thought I bought the wrong film . With the paper backing still on , it looks cheesy and fake so I was skeptical on the final look . If you 're looking for realistic stained glass , you will be disappointed . If you need a pretty-cool , semi-private window covering , this is for you .3 -RRB- At night you can see objects in blur . I 'm paranoid so I shine a desk lamp directly at the window to further obscure the transparency . On the upside , the amber looks awesome when the sun shines through it during the day .4 -RRB- Adding panels is n't hard . There is a stretch to the film so when you 're squeezing out the water with a squeegee , be sure to keep checking whether the film is still in place . Any gaps can be stretched over .5 -RRB- I used soapy water , a one dollar spay bottle , a $ 3 dollar straight edge covered in heavy duty paper towels from the hardware store as a squeegee , and sharp razor blades . Have a ruler and a marker and do n't bother buying any expensive kits .6 -RRB- I checked the orientation of the length and width to determine I needed 3 panels . Save time and money by maximizing the panel 's surface area and orientation in relation to the window.I 'm really happy with how my office window looks ! It 's prettier than all my neighbors windows -LRB- which is n't hard since some folks have bedsheets or blankets up ... ugh ! -RRB- . It 's not only a nice aesthetic worth the time and effort but it 's a simple thing that looks impressive !
 I put this on the ` above the kitchen sink ' window that offers a lovely view of my neighbors wall : / I was pleasantly surprised at how good it looks , it looks even better from outside , especially at night when the light is on . I 'll be out front with my dogs & I will just stare at it , it is convincing . I have the Magnolia version of this product in a bedroom window , it is also very nice . The sunlight coming through this casts a warm glow , I like it .
 What a great looking product . We previously used this same product to give a FLW look to our windows in an old house we used to live in before we built our new house . Everyone was always commenting about our `` stained glass windows '' & could n't believe they were just window films . When we sold our house , we had to tell the realtors who told us many of the people looking at our house also thought we had stained glass windows until they got up close to them . In our new house , we used the film we just got on our shower door . WOW !! It instantly classes up the shower door to give it that arts & crafts FLW look . Very satisfied with this product over the 7 years we have used it . Highly recommend it to anyone wishing to jazz up their windows -LRB- works really great in our bathroom windows for privacy -RRB- or regular windows or shower doors .
 This is such a great item . They work wonderfully for their purpose -LRB- giving me much needed privacy in my apartment , because my windows look directly into my neighbors -RRB- ; however , they perform this function while adding a lot of color and making the decor more fun . The previous reviewer who said the item looks ridiculous in the box was right -- I looked at it while it was still on the contact paper and thought `` uggghhh , this is ugly , I 'm returning this thing . '' However , I lifted an edge off the paper and looked at it in the sun , and noticed that the material looks very nice with the light shining through it . So I put it up , and I think it looks great . So happy I went with this item that I 'm buying more . They are also incredibly easy to put up -- I cut up the geometric rectangles and actually reconfigured them into a new design to go more with my taste .
 I 've always loved this style and was pleased to find it at such a great price . It was eazy to put on , however I still did n't get all the small bubbles out , but using a credit card is the best . I put the film on my front door windows and have had nothing but compliments on how real the stain glass effect looks . I would definitly recommend this product anyone .
 I bought this item and it was an extraordinary gift , it is beautiful and give to te bed a sensual feeling
 my husband and i are both allergic to dust and molds . i am highly allergic to all materials in most pillows , especially down , and have asthma . this pillow seemed too good to be true but so far we are very happy with it . it is very fluffy and full and is very soft under your head . i seems to have helped me because i have had less problems breathing at night , less wheezing . it is alittle `` crunchy '' at first until the material softens up but it does so quickly . i am ordering 4 more for us and our children . i would definately recommend this pillow to people with allergies .
 Really nice fluffy pillows and very reasonable price .
 Very plump and firm . They are holding their shape well and arrived very fast .
 I am very pleased with the pillows . For sometime now I had been looking for hypoallergenic pillows and these were the best buy and after getting them in the mail I was even more impressed with the quality and comfort of the pillows .
 The egg-wave is pretty handy for quickly cooking an egg in the microwave . Just plop in the egg , and it 's done just like that , ready to be placed on an English muffin with some bacon or cheese . Yum . Mine cleaned up well in the dishwasher . Certainly much easier to deal with than a messy skillet , especially if you only need one egg . It 's not for gourmets or anything , just for convenience . It 's just plastic but it held up well , no cracking or anything .
 I originally bought this product from a TV commercial 800 number . It worked well after I received it , and used it a lot until eventually all the four separate cooker assemblies got lost over the years.Then needed to buy a new one . Purchased another product which microwaved two eggs with a white plastic base and cover top , but that was terrible . It did n't cook the eggs well , was hard to work with and the eggs exploded sometimes when I took them out.Had to have the Egg Wave again and bought it from Amazon , being happy that such an obscure product was for sale somewhere it was easy to purchase . It still works well . It 's simple , very fast , uses no oil , and overall is very satisfactory.I wish all devices were as simple , inexpensive and effective as this one is .
 We 're really enjoying this above our fireplace . Really nice piece and light enough to hang with no problems .
 i puchased this timer for work in a proffetional kitchen ... still working in a tough inviroment ... eassy to operate , change battery ... price is good for what you get
 I 'm not really certain why anyone would rate this item lower than 5 stars short of receiving a lemon -LRB- no kitchen pun intended -RRB- . I 'm one of these weirdos who researches * every * purchase I make , including $ 6 kitchen timers so when I finally found this one and received it , I was pleased that it performed exactly as I had hoped and expected . I 've been using the item for over 3 years now and have n't had to replace the battery/ies yet.I like that it is magnetic as well as has a clip and stand , and the numbers are large and the alert is just loud enough without being annoying . I also like that it counts up at the end of the cycle and it `` remembers '' your last time unless you clear or change it .
 This item appears to be high quality . It does exactly what I want it to do , and appears that it will be able to do that for a long time . It was a great price . I love the big numbers . I do n't know what else I can say . I would buy it again if I ever lose this one . It 's magnetic so it sticks to my fridge , and can auto-repeat an amount of time after the initial timer goes off and you hit stop -- I like that . It 's also white , so it matches my fridge . The magnet is strong .
 Clock works great . Dropped it once of edge of bbq and beeping noise was gone forever . Otherise , while it worked I liked it .
 Just what I wanted . Easy to use . Inexpensive.Reliable . Highly recommended to people who havekids , to time their tasks and setting limit .
 The timer it self is fine , but the magnet at back is so weak . It fell down several times in short period of time .
 These timers are great to use in classrooms as the digits are large enough for students to see from their desks . They count up or down which makes them more versatile . Delivery was a few days later than I expected from the States to Canada .
 I am a therapist at a nursing home and bought this product so my residents can hear the timer go off and read the display . The timer is wonderful and is loud enough for the hard of hearing to hear . The display is also large enough so they can see it . We havent had a problem with them not working at all . It is a great product and I would recommend it to anyone .
 The numbers are large and easy to read . The sound is loud enough to hear from across the room . The price was decent and the shipping was fast .
 I bought this timer to us in my home gym . I can set the timer to count down when I 'm time speed bag rounds or count up when I 'm on the ex.bike . The numbers are large and easy to see , and the controls are easy to use . The only negitive I found is the timer alarm is n't very loud . I would buy this product again .
 I love this timer . It is so easy to use . Big numbers for a small timer . Magnetic back is great . I have it above stove on stove fan using the magnet . I use it every day . Originally bought it for a baby shower time game .
 We use this every morning making our espresso . So far , so good . Easy to read , great buttons . Easy to clean .
 It works like a charm , the only thing I dislike is that the device does n't have an auto turn off feature or any means to turn off when not operating/needed , except by removing the battery . It always stays on and I fear that the single AAA battery required for operation will not last long -LRB- display numbers are big -RRB- . Not sure yet , 3 weeks of use so far and battery seems to be working fine .
 I have two grade school kids -LRB- 11 yo & 8 yo -RRB- with timed reading requirements . They like the easy to use buttons . We have carpeted & hardwood floors . They have been knocked onto both floors . So far so good . Sound is good & not obnoxious . We 're happy with our purchase .
 This is a nicely designed timer that is simple to operate . It counts up . It counts down . It beeps at the end . It has A big clear display.What more could you want ? More time - that 's what . It only has 99 minutes so if you 're doing a 21/2 hour roast anything , you 'll be resetting at least once . That 's why the 4 star rating , and not 5 .
 Does the job . I bought this in addition to a thermometer to properly cook and bake , and my cooking results improved considerably.This is so simple , a 3 y/o can operate it without problem.Missing star is for price . Though this works great , I believe its a bit too expensive for being a simple timer .
 One of my brothers is going through an anger management program . Part of the therapy involves taking in and expelling slow deep breaths for a period of minutes . An egg timer was recommended , but most of the wind-up bell-type timers are for kitchen use -- so they are large , heavier , and do n't do well with timing periods less than 5 minutes . Often those timers will either go off too soon , or fail to count down at all when used for short timings.In contrast , this timer can be set to an interval in minutes and seconds , then for subsequent uses one simply pushes the button to start the countdown , then again one push will stop the chime when the count ends . When stopped , the timer sets itself up for the next countdown , resuming the original setting.If using this for a utility timer , one quirk should be noted . If you do n't shut off the chime when the count reaches zero , it starts counting back up to the preset number . For my brother 's use , no problem . If you want to track additional time after the alarm -LRB- for instance , when cooking -RRB- , this is not the timer for you.Bur for its intended use , highly recommended .
 I 'VE HAD A LOT OF KITCHEN TIMERS IN MY LIFE -LRB- OF 66 YEARS -RRB- AND THIS , BY FAR , IS THE EASIEST TO USE AND BEST SIZE . GET ONE - YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT . I JUST WISH IT WERE ALSO A CLOCK !
 As other has said , its not super loud ... but its perfectly fine . I can hear it in the near by room to my kitchen with the TV running . Its nice big display lets me see it from far away with out have to walk up close .
 It 's easy to read and loud enough so you can hear it other the noise of a 7-year old ! And we all know how loud they can be .
 I love the large numbers and the magnet helps keep the counter clear . So far it has worked without a problem
 I 've used this for only a couple of weeks , but it seems to work as advertised . The sound is loud and it sticks to the fridge . Recommended .
 A great product , good finishing , strong magnet , works great and does what it says it does , no surprises.The digits never go off , you ca n't turn off the device . Maybe it 's not the main cause for global warming , but it just seems weird at first.It 's not for moving around . If you carry it in your bag it will beep a lot because the buttons are very sensitive.Remember that it is only for 99 minutes .
 Excellent digital timer . Small is size , but easy to see and to set . Large buttons . I am visually impaired and would highly recommend this item .
 This timer was exactly what I was looking for , and it works wonderfully . Easy to set , easy to see and hear , and easy to reset . Plus , I love the fact that you can use it on your counter or attach it to the fridge with its magnetized back . The numbers are large and easy to see , and the audio alert is the perfect volume . This timer has everything you need ; if I were an inventor this is what I would have wanted to invent as a timer .
 This is a nice little timer with easy-to-read big numbers . I like having a timer that counts up as well as down . I would have given it 5 stars if there was a way to adjust the volume when the timer goes off .
 This is a great timer . I can see it across the room . It counts off time spent and counts down time . Good for the kitchen and out at the grill .
 Well made . Easy to read and operate . Great price . If the description fits your needs . Buy it !
 This product is wonderful . I use it to time presentations ; it 's perfect for that . Highly recommend .
 I 'm quite pleased.Only wish it had a clip , to clip in my blouse or pants . It has a ring where one can put a cord to hang it around the neck , but it 's a little heavy and bothersome around the neck.Also wish it had a button for hours -LRB- it only has minutes and seconds . Seconds ???? -RRB- But it 's ok , i like it !
 It 's a great timer , however I wish the alarm would have had more functions like changing the alarm off or adjusting the volume . Once the timer counts down , the alarm starts sounding loudly -LRB- which is great if you are cooking -RRB- , but if you wanted to use it to just count the minutes in a meeting , it does not work so well . Once you turn off the alarm , the timer stops counting.Other than that , it seems like a durable , easy to read timer .
 The CDN Extra Large Big Digit timer just keeps on tickin ' ! It does n't fall off the wall and lose its battery . I can read the darn thing from a distance when I 'm using it to grill steak or veggies or ... It sits up happily on the counter when I need it . I can stop/start it when its on the wall when I 'm cooking my bride a 3 minute poached egg . It 's simply the best , unlike the other cr * p I buy -LRB- and then never use -RRB- . I 'm glad to have found it on Amazon again .
 The timer is easy to use , easy to read and inexpensive . I love it !!!!
 I have used the CDN TM15 for a month now . It is easy to use and the large digits make it easy to read . I bought it because my previous timer died . This timer is much simpler to use .
 I had a mechanic one which was broken a few months ago , got this one , it works good . I like it.do not not how long it will last before next battery replacement .
 This timer works great . I love that it counts up after it hits 0 , so you know how long it 's been since the time started going off .
 This is a basic kitchen timer . It works well , but I have n't had it long enough to comment on battery life . You can only time one thing at a time .
 I had to get a new timer because my other one was one that did n't sit flat on the fridge , so when I pushed the buttons it would fall . The buttons were all sticky and sometimes when you pushed the button , you started it and stopped it at the same time without realizing . This timer sits flat on the fridge and is easy to set . It has huge numbers so you can see how much time is left from a lot farther away . I LOVE IT !
 Timer is very easy to operate . I like the magnetic feature so I can put it on the refrigerator and grab it anytime I need it . Small enough to carry easily .
 Simple operation , easy to read , count up , and count down - all the features you need from a small digital timer .
 This is a very simple and reliable timer . I 've been using it for several months to time my cardio exercise sessions . It will count up or down , is very easy and fast to operate , and can be seen easily from across the room .
 This is without a doubt the best timer I have ever used ! Uses standard batteries & counts up or down . Very easy to see the numbers . Highly recommended !
 Pros : * Great big , simple display * Buttons give good tactile feedback * Loud enough for me to hear above my TV * Easy to hold in hand , hang on hook , stand on counter , stick to fridge -LRB- magnet -RRB- * Battery included * Affordable enough to get a coupleCons
 This is hands down the best timer I 've ever owned ! It 's easy to use and I LOVE LOVE LOVE the count up feature . -LRB- After the timer goes of it starts counting up , that way you know how much time has passed since the timer went off . -RRB- I find this feature extremely valuable . I am buying a second one because we use this so much.The only con is the price . $ 10 for a timer is getting pricey , but it is well worth it for THIS timer .
 I 've had this timer for a few months now and it still works great . With the extra large digits , it 's easy to see it from a distance . I love how it 's magnetic and attaches to the refrigerator door and how it 's really easy and intuitive to use with only a couple of buttons . Great timer and a good deal .
 I do n't know why they are n't marketing this as a timer for pilots , but they should!You are in a holding pattern , busy as all get out , and you need to time turns.How many buttons do you have time for?With this timer , I can stop and start another one minute leg by touching the same button twice.It just ca n't be simpler.Count up , count down , preset times.It 's simple , the numbers are HUGE so make seeing easy -LRB- and/or forgetting difficult ! -RRB- I love it !
 A large-faced timer/alarm for the kids ' play room to time them during their homework and time them when watching TV . Magnet on back for fridge , etc. . Attached stand for tables . Ca n't ask for anything else & exactly what I was looking for . -- January 2011 updated-still using this daily despite the fact that the kids drop it over and over . definitely worth every penny !
 The main reason I bought this was to motivate my kids to get out the door in the morning . It serves that purpose well . Easy to set and reset . Loud enough beeper . One thing I want to note is that it was hard for me to visualize just how big the product was -LRB- even knowing the dimensions -RRB- , but for its size , the digits appear quite big and easy to read . This was one thing I was looking for and this product has it . Also , it has a clever set of display options designed into the back
 The Component Design TM15 Extra Large Big Digit Timer is a quality item . It is easy to set the time , the digits are large and the buzzer can be heard from at least the next room .
 This timer works great for me . I use it mostly in the kitchen and for grilling.General functionality : The alarm counts down to zero . When it hits zero , it both beeps and starts counting up . After one minute the beeping stops , but it continues to count up -LRB- to 99min -RRB- . The back of the unit
 I needed a simple minutes and seconds timer for giving 5 to 30 minute audience presentations with strict time limits . I needed a count-up timer with big easy to read display that could be placed on the podium and easily readable at a glance . This item meets those needs perfectly . However , I did not want the loud beep every time I pressed the start/stop button , so I fixed that problem by removing the 2 screws that keep the unit together and cutting one of the wires to the tiny speaker . Now that it is silent , it is perfect for my application!The one thing I do not like is that the M and S letters flash while it is timing and this can be distracting when giving a talk to an audience ... a piece of tape over that portion of the display can fix that too !
 I 've been using mine almost daily for cooking and/or laundry , and it is still running off the original battery after more than 6 months . The one small criticism that I have is that the buttons are too easily pushed , and I ca n't stick it in my pocket without stopping it or changing the setting somehow . Other than that , it 's ALL good ...
 Over the years , I have had many timers in all price ranges ; none have been as nice as this one . It is easy to set , easy to read , easy to carry around ! With my advancing age , I need to keep track of time that my memory can not longer help me with , so a portable timer is necessary ! I especially use it when I am in the sewing room and have something on the stove , which I have forgotten more than once and burned up a couple of pans . I worry about burning my house down ! No more worries now , if I just remember to take this little gem with me . Highly recommended !
 Easy to use and works well . Has a large display that is easy to see from acorss the room . Alarm is loud and plays until you shut it off .
 I have owned many timers , and this models features are really the best -LRB- yes , SOME manufacturers make similar models at higher cost -RRB- . Its compact , fairly large display , has multiple stand 's -LRB- magnetic , hook , easel -RRB- , very loud alarm and it is simple to operate . Sure , it might be better in some kind of metal front , but its really not a significant issue - after all who really cares if a 1x3inch timer has a thin strip of cheap metal on it to make it look more `` kitchen-ey '' - I will take the $ 5 + off the timer please !
 I 'm replacing my Radio Shack old timer with this one . I like that it 's using AAA batteries and has large display . Alarm is sufficiently loud for my needs .
 This is a great timer for the price . It takes 1 battery and does it 's job well.It 's got a huge display . I would recommend it to anyone who is seeking an affordable , large-digit display.I do not know how well it is on batteries , sorry.Best wishes !
 I like the large numbers but how does one save battery power if the timer has no on/off button . The instructions do n't say . Is it programed to shut down by itself and the numbers remain on display ? I just got this timer but wonder if it is a battery eater .
 This is a great timer for anybody who does meditation . Also works great for the pomodoro time management method . `` Set it for forget it '' as they say , do your work , and it will let you know when to finish up . Simple operation . Small enough to take with you when you travel .
 Love this little gadget ! I ordered this early in 2010 and have been happy with it ever since . The magnet on the back is very secure -LRB- I keep mine on the fridge -RRB- the fact that is couts up and down is fantastic when testing recipes to get the exact cooking time . The sound is loud enough to hear 2 rooms away and it begins a few seconds before the actual time is up -LRB- which I appreciate -RRB- Unfortunately , last week my kitty knocked mine off the fridge when it hit my ceramic tile floor it shattered the crystal face - without delay I 'm ordering another one and obviously placing it elsewhere on my fridge -LRB- my kitty is still a juvinile ! -RRB- All in all if you have a need for a kitchen timer I can tell you - you will love this one . Great price - reliable - perfect .
 This is a neat little gem of a timer ... Very versatile and economical . Glad there are still quality products out there for not so much money .
 I wanted a simple timer and that is what I got . I use it to quit watering the whole neighborhood when I just want to water my ownlawn . Wear it aroung my neck :--RRB- Could be a little louder but it does fine around the neck or in the pocket .
 The timer is large enough to see across the room , is easy to set and makes a loud enough sound that you can be in another room and still hear it in most cases . Worth the money for sure .
 How many products do you order in your life that arrive quickly , and work as well as promised , and manage to last and last?These digital timers are GREAT . Office full of them , and they all work great.Also delivered quickly . Highly recommend this merchant .
 Somehow I got the idea that this had a `` loud alarm . '' That may be true for people with perfect hearing , but for the millions of us with high-frequency hearing loss , it is a silent alarm . I can sort-of hear it if I hold it up to my right ear , but I would n't wear it as an earring , so that does n't help much . It would be wonderful if the people who design these would take that into consideration , and use a lower frequency signal.That said , it is a great timer for WATCHING , and a great timer for people with `` young ears . '' My wife easily hears it in the next room , so it has become her timer . She loves it for everything except setting for something I need to tend to . For me , I have purchased a clock/timer combination that talks , including counting down , and has optional tones -- including a car horn , which definitely gets my attention.If this timer had a tone I could hear I would love it . The digits are so large it can be read from across the room . I only wish I could hear the alarm ...
 This product has perfect size , excellent display and is very easy to use with big buttons.You can set it to count down and up.Has a magnet or can stand by itself on the top shelf.Looks beautiful in my kitchen.I will purchase some more as gifts for friends this Christmas .
 Timer works great ! Easy operation . Large digits , very visible . Alarm is loud enough to be heard . What I would define as `` normal loudness '' but not extra loud as described . All in all great value !
 I am very happy with this timer . It sticks on my fridge with the magnet . It is easy to read the large size numbers . I can hear it upstairs . It is easy to use and is a very simple design .
 This item really fit my need for a handy kitchen timer . Easy to use , accurate and attaches easily to the hood over the stove . I 'm happy that I bought this .
 Works great and saves space , I stuck it to the exhaust fan apparatus above the stove . The only problem arises if you want to set hours as there is no place for them , just minutes .
 I have a digital timer on my electric stove but it was beginning to wear so thought it best to buy a timer . The magnet keeps it on the fridge even with the door opening and closing . Big digits so ez to read and the alarm sound is loud enough to hear in the next room . Great product !
 This timer provides a `` seconds '' countdown which is needed when making espresso . Not all timers have a `` seconds '' option . Also , the screen is large , so the numbers are easy to see . It is also easy to use , and it has a memory which keeps the time I need to make my espresso every day . Finally , it provides options to place it where needed - I use the magnet and stick it to the espresso machine .
 Funny to write a review on this but it 's a good timer for the price . Nice big numbers plus it counts backwards and forwards which I never thought I 'd use , but I do . If you do n't get to it when the time runs down , you know how much you 're over because it starts counting up until you turn it off . Nice little feature . I would rather have this study work-horse than a fancy thing that looks nice but is n't very useful .
 I like this product a lot . The numbers are big and easy to see from a distance . I use it to time many things like cooking , working out and using facial masks . It has a magnet in the back which can attach to magnetic surfaces . My brother actually takes it to the park when he exercises and attaches it to the monkey bars . It also has an easel so it can stand up on a table as well . Only bad thing is I have n't figured out how to turn it off so I always have to take out the battery after I use it .
 Standard buttons , nothing special , but BIG display and big controls , nice and loud .
 I got this so I could time and improve my test-taking skills . NOT for cooking . I ought to have verified prior to purchasing , but it 's a shame I can not `` silence '' the alarm ... On the good side , it arrived extremely quickly
 For people over 50 , this is great ! No eye-glasses necessary , plus the beeper is way-loud enough . Also , the magnetic piece really does stick to refrigerator . Only downside is that after the beeper sounds , it automatically counts backwards .
 Large numbers , easy to see , simplicity of use , counts up or down , portable , good value - what more do you need .
 Let me start off by saying I do n't understand what the issue with the `` top '' negative review was . Maybe it had a bad speaker or something . The timer I received , I use all of the time . Often times I will set it in the kitchen , and then go off to my room to work on the computer , and have no trouble hearing it even after I have forgotten that I set it . I guess if your environment is extremely noisy -LRB- mine is n't quiet by any means -RRB- , more than just the TV being on -LRB- it seems to beep over that just fine -RRB- , then you might need to find something different , but it wo n't be too cheap.The beep itself is a 4-beep noise that beeps every second for 1 minute.Other than that it is pretty sturdy , I have dropped it off the refrigerator on accident , and the battery cover came off , but no other damage and the cover was fine too.Other than that there is not much else you can say it is pretty basic , which I believe is what most people are looking for .
 Really durable and easy to use . With the magnet , I can put it on a lot of places.One time , my son and his friends over had a fight over the tricycle in the yard , I used the timer to help them take turns . It worked so beautifully . And they know to push the start button to start timing and wait for their turn .
 I bought this to replace a timer I had which was losing the bars in its numerals . This is very easy to use , easy to read , and works well . Its counting up as soon as it counts down can be helpful . I also like that there are a variety of ways to stand or hang this , so I can use whichever one is handiest , and it 's a comfortable size to slip into my pocket , if I need to .
 After receiving this timer as a gift and used it I wondered how I lived without it all these years . Unlike the timer on a stove which is meek and short ... This timer alarm is loud and long ... and if by chance you missed the alarm there is a really cool feature that it starts counting up , so you can see how long you have missed the alarm by . It has a strong magnet on the back so it sticks wonderfully to the frig and a fold down stand to set it on a table and actually clicks into place for sturdiness . I mostly keep mine stuck to the frig but it is small enough to slip into my pocket when I am outside . This timer just does it all and for a great price too !!
 I am in the medical field and timers are very important . I have had other timers , but this one is perfect . It has large display and good size bottons . Simple and effective . Other fancy timers with smaller and complex functions are alot complicated to use . Highly recommend this product ... . Besides it is a great timer but the price is also very attractive .
 I use my new digital timer a lot and have found it works great . The alarm is loud enough that I can hear it anywhere in the house and this is important to me . Some things I would burn if not for a good timer .
 This product is easy to use , and is very sturdy . It has two nice features , a count up , and count down function that is easy to set and reset . Another nice feature is its versatility . You can hang it by its strong rear magnet , you can hang it from a string or a nail via a pivoting loop on the rear , or you can extend its built in stand for counter-top use . The unit never turns off , so the display is always on , but I 've been using it daily for my classroom for two weeks , and the battery has not faltered a bit.A great product at a great price . I would highly recommend this product .
 We bought this for cooking so we were n't using the microwave or oven timers which invariably were canceled at some point in the kitchen mayhem , causing us to burn something . This timer is perfect , the numbers are big and the alarm is obnoxious enough so that it gets your attention . The biggest problem we had was that the timer kept leaving the kitchen and going off for kid contest timing , timer for using the Wii , nap timing and other things people wanted to time . We ended up buying two more so that we would always have one in the kitchen !
 I bought two and I use these daily at school . Numbers are big , so students can see them clearly . The beeping is loud enough without being obnoxious . Good price , good value .
 I 've needed a good timer for awhile . This is great . Easy to set and clear and it stick to my stove hood where I can always find it and it is out of the way .
 Very easy to see & hear from a distance , easy to set , easy to reset , really easy to attach most anywhere you want it . A good product & well worth the price , !!!
 I was looking for an easy to use timer . This one is a little tricky to use at first . If I had read the directions maybe it would not have been so difficult . I feel it should be easy to use without reading directions . It does work well . I need it to let me know when it is time to remove my clothes from the washer and dryer since I have to use the common laundry room . I would recommend it but be sure to follow the directions .
 Love it , set it and use it all the time , readable , works well , batteries last a long time , sound loud enough to hear across several rooms but not too loud to be obnoxious . Use it as a reminder for all kinds of things -- cooking , watering the lawn , reminding me when it is time to leave the house , etc. .
 I 've used this timer for 2 years and love it . I keep it on the fridge , but you can move it around and stand it up . The sound is nice and loud and the magnet is strong . It counts up or down , has large numbers easy to read at a glance from the other side of the room , and automatically starts counting up when the timer goes off . It is pretty basic . Does n't have a way to change the volume or time two things at once and only goes up to 99 minutes , etc. , but it has everything I want in a timer . It 's never given me any problems except the magnet came off once and stayed on the fridge when I moved the timer , but that was easily fixed with some super glue .
 I love this timer . It can count * up * as well as down . It 's got a great big display , and is easy to use . The magnet on the back did fall off once after only a couple months , but it was easy to super-glue back on .
 I bought this as a gift for my folks . Was looking for something simple with big print that I knew they would use and not just put away and never use.Big buttons , big screen , FAST ! scroll through time to set . Simple that works . Could not be more pleased.Yes , they do use it .
 I teach Kindergarten , and I needed a visual timer that the students could use to pace themselves through their work -LRB- and to know when a break is coming -RRB- . This timer is perfect because of its large size ! I love that this timer can countdown from a specific number of minutes/seconds and also it can time how long something takes . It is magnetic , but it also comes with a stand that you can prop up to set it on a table . I love this timer so much that now I 've bought four of them and I have them in different places all over my classroom . Other teachers at school have also seen them in my room and bought them ! Great product .
 This timer has a large display that is perfect for aging baby boomer 's that ca n't see without their reading glasses on . Yeah , I 'm one too . The timer does not beep real loud , but is probably loud enough . My biggest complaint is that after beeping for a while it stops on its own and starts counting up . If you did n't hear it beep at the end of the original time , you would n't know it went off without checking it . I wish it would just beep until I shut it off .
 LARGE easy to read numbers . Easy to use . No complicated buttons to push . A basic timer , that works great . If you wanted an MP-3 player or radio with your kitchen timer , this is not for you ! RB
 Just what I wanted to time physical therapy exercise . Sets easily , sometimes too easily as a brush of the button will change a number . My tired eyes do appreciate the large numbers . I 'm happy with the timer .
 I bought one for timing my exercises and one for our kitchen cooking . It works great in both applications . Simple to use , easy to see and easy to hear . Buy it .
 This is a great timer . I have been using a Taylor for past 12 years that finally quit . This one has the big numbers and the buzzer is loud enough to be heard several rooms away . I have not had any problems with it .
 I think this timer is a great buy to help young kids track time . My seven year old has been using it to time himself for 20 minutes of reading . The digits are large enough to be read if the timer is placed on the fridge a few feet away . In the mornings , it helps kids see how many minutes left for the bus to arrive . The buttons are very easy to use . It counts up and down , beeps on completion , has a magnet for hanging and uses a AAA battery that comes with it . I think it is a great tool to help young kids track time when needed . I 'll order another one soon . The delivery was very quick . I have n't had it long enough to comment on durability yet .
 the timers are so easy to read and operate . They are perfect for timing wrestling matches .
 Great quality , great warranty and great price . We use these timers at work and they really love the large number display ; it can be seen across the room .
 I really like this timer . It is very easy to use . The display is large . The sound is loud enough to be heard far away . I liked that the previous count is recalled . I do wish it had an on/off switch for when I am not using it . Unless I take out the battery it is on all the time . Also , I would have loved if it had multiple timers to allow to time more than one food item .
 Love the large number display . Sleek and simple design . Ca n't ask for anything more in a timer .
 Simple but effective timer . Works exactly as described . I like the big letter and how simple it is to use .
