 I recently bought the Honeywell HT800 at Walmart and actually heard it running before I bought it . It did n't sound very loud in the store probably because there were other fans running nearby . However , at home in a quiet bedroom it is not satisfactory at all . I am currently online looking for another fan to purchase . I will probably give the Honeywell to my husband to use in his shop .
 I am a college student and these fans are cheap and at Target , so most of my friends have at least one . The downside is , they are horrible , cheaply made , and downright dangerous . The base is too small for the fan , making it extremely top heavy . As a result , if the fan is on an uneven surface or ledge , like a windowsill , any jolt sends it toppling to the floor , or your head , really whatever is underneath . Moreover , it is loud , blows at very limited angles , and really does n't move that much air . Even the cord is short.Seriously , do n't buy this fan .
 I bought this fan for my dorm room before starting my first year of college , mainly because it was so cheap -LRB- a fifth of the price of a quality Vornado fan -RRB- . However , this little fan made such noise -LRB- even on its lowest setting -RRB- that I regretted not spending more money for a better-made machine . I regularly had to sit down and attempt to clean out the layer of dust it accumulated on its blades - I 've never seen dust like that on another fan.Bottom line , it 's a cheap piece , do n't bother unless you 're already deaf .
 I 've had this fan for 8 years . BUT I probably only turned it on for 30-60 minutes a day during the hottest weeks of the year.So worst case , we 're talking 21 to 28 hours of use per year . Well recently the motor seized up and the fan does n't turn anymore . Basically the bearings are shot.That means the fan only saw under 10 days of continuous use and it died . Or more accurately what probably happened is in 8 years , the lubricant they use is non-existent and gummed up . Either way , I doubt it uses quality bearings.On the other hand , my old-school 1960 's window box fan handed down from my parents made by G.E. still works fine and was made here in the U.S.A. . The Honeywell HT800 made in 2004 was manufactured in China.You can make your own conclusions .
 I read a lot of reviews to get this . I ca n't believe it 's so LOUD . It 's impossible to use it at home . Maybe it works in the factories .
 I bought this fan at CVS for around $ 20 . It worked fairly well for about a year and then it began to sputter and finally quit . This fan is very difficult to clean . I tried opening the front by taking out the screws in the back but they stripped quite easily which made it impossible to take off . The only way to clean the dust off the blades was to run it under water in the sink . Also , somehow it lost tension on the sides so it would cease to stay where you positioned it . I actually had to wrap the cord over the top and underneath the base to keep it in the lowest position . You are probably better off investing more money in a more reliable fan .
 If you want to use this fan on a hot summer night to cool you off as you fall asleep , you wo n't be able to , this fan is far too loud . Its as loud as a large window fan . That being said , its the most powerful small fan that I have ever seen . Personally , I would rather have a quiet fan .
 This fan takes at least a minute to get up to speed ... very dissapointed in the performance
 This is the cheapest noisy fan China can bring us.Good name -LRB- once -RRB- dulled and dimmed to a sub-par piece of junk.NOISY ... if you want noise , this is for you!Added 12/09I have since added two Vornado fans -LRB- about the same size -RRB- . What a difference ! You get what you pay for!This gives Honeywell a bad name ...
 I had one of these fans for a while , which I got at Walmart . It 's a portable little fan that pushes a lot of air for its size . The only problem I noticed recently is that the vertical hinges are starting to become loose.So , I ordered another one the other day from here . I just plugged it in to do a quick test that it was working before throwing out my old model , and guess what I found . The fan spun but no air came out . At first I feared that maybe the design was changed so that the blades were n't angled the same or something , but that was n't it . I put the fans side-by-side , and they both had the same blade shape , size , orientation and count . Then I turned both on quickly and let them spin down . The new one was spinning in the _ opposite _ direction !!! -LRB- counter-clockwise vs. clock wise -RRB- A fan ca n't blow air if its blades are spinning in the wrong direction.I really do n't know how this happens . I mean , it 's a mass-produced product . If they get one copy right then every copy after that _ should _ be the same . I do n't feel like sending it back , because who knows if the next one will be from the same batch that 's backwards .
 I bought 5 of these fans because of the reviews I have read here . Of the 5 only one still works . They only lasted a year . They are cheap , but you get what you pay for . They are disposable . Expect to buy a new one every year .
 These are nice small powerful fans . They pack a punch for their size . However , they are also quite noisy -LRB- even on `` low '' -RRB- . My ceiling fan is quieter then this thing .
 We 've purchased these fans for years and have always been happy with them until now . We purchased 2 of them in February and 1 has already died and the other is starting to make noises telling me it 's next . Amazon has properly stopped selling them until Honeywell gets it 's act together .
 I bought this fan for use at night while I was sleeping . It worked great for awhile , and the loud noise drown out the birds that liked to wake up and play at 4:30 in the morning right outside my window.About nine months later , though , it 's on its last leg . For 15-20 mintues after I first turn it on , the blades rotate very slowly . With patience it will get up to about half of the speed it had when brand new , which is still tolerable . It requires the highest setting to actually move any air , though.So it works great for a year or so if you 're lucky . If that 's worth $ 10-15 and you do n't mind the sound , this is the fan for you . If you expect more than a few months out of a product , look for better quality .
 When I first recieved these sheets , I loved them . They are quite soft . They 've been washed twice now , and the seams are starting to come apart on the fitted sheet and pillowcases . The edges on the flat sheet are now very frayed and it is coming apart where the sheet if folded over and sewn at the top .
 I bought a set of king burgundy fitted and flat sheets . It looks nice and feels soft and thin . But the very first day I noticed some kind of very fine burgundy color dust coming off the sheets . It gets stuck to sleepwear . White air return vents in my bedroom became almost red in color with this dust . The worst part is that the dust stays on the bed and is very hard to remove it even with a vaccum cleaner . I was careful to wash these sheets separately , I collected about two full cups of red dust from dryer vent .
 I got these sheets and was very pleased with them at first . After a couple of days I observed color sticking to everything around . The worst , it painted my matress in RED color !! I tried my best to remove the color but it wont go away . Now I found the best place for these sheets - in the attic .
 These are more like 200-250 thread count . Soft at first , but after a couple of washings , they feel rough , loose their shape , and wrinkle easily . I purchased several different colors in twin and king sizes and all have been a disappointment .
 These sheets are the worst in the dryer . I have washed my sheets 3 times and still get the colored lint off the sheets . My dryer is a mess and so is the floor . I do not recommend these sheets in this color or you will have the mess every time you wash them . All the other colors are fine , it is just the burgandy . Can anyone tell me why this happens ?? Linda Perry
 This is quite possibly the worst purchase I have ever made . It really was n't a very good coffeemaker to begin with and it completely died after 3 weeks . just woke up one morning and went to make coffee , Nothing ... NOTHING !! no electrical activity what so ever .
 You are promised 90 free coffee pods with this machine in this ad , and they ship the machine without any pods and refuse to send the product as advertised . Then they shift the blame to Amazon for running a faulty ad . I have the emails from their representatives stating such ... BEWARE !! There are no free coffee pods . However the coffee machine works great . -LRB- you can not return it if it has been used . -RRB- Juan Valdez JVPM1W Pod Coffee Brewing System with 90 Free Coffee Pods
 Did not recieve 90 free coffee pods as advertised . Coffee maker does not make a full 12 oz cup of coffee on makes 6 oz the you have to hit the brew button again to get the other 6 oz . Overall this product is not worth 5.00 .
 I bought this coffee maker based on the other reviews . Boy was I disappointed ! The construction is poor . It looks cheap and flimsy . The coffee it makes is weak and not want I want in a cup of coffee at all . Sorry , but if you like a good , robust cup of coffee , pass this machine by .
 Coffee pods do not come with the brewer . Huge lie . Amazon needs to clarify this immediately . Waste of time and money .
 The stockpot arrived badly dented even though the box showed no damage whatsoever . Even if it had n't been dented , the steel is of such unbelievably light weight that I have to doubt it would have worked out . Once again , one gets what one pays for !
 The frame of this bed seemed a few inches too wide for the box spring . I had to shift my full sized bed several times and center it close to the edge of either side to keep it from falling between the side slats of the frame . The middle slat is the reason the bed has not collapsed entirely to the floor . The shipping cost was , in my opinion , way too expensive . The frame does serve the purpose it was intended for , but you will save a lot of money by going out and buying one instead of having it shipped .
 The frame works well . I needed a frame that supported a headboard and footboard and this fit-the-bill . However , there is excessive grease at the hinges . I stained my new sofa when I accidentally touched the hinge of the frame against the sofa cushion .
 they never send me the idem , because they didn , t want to pay for delivery , so i still looking for the same idem
 These chairs lack one major adjustment , the ability to move the seat out , away from the back . While the major focus is on your back , they forgot to consider your legs . Without this adjustment , the chair hits you at mid-thigh on the back of your legs , and with the front edge tipping downward , effectively cuts off the blood circulation to the rest of your legs and that is excruciating . A high footrest provides some but not enough relief . For those who like to bend your knee and tuck your foot beneath your other leg occasionally , this chair prevents that because it is hard as a rock and has no give . Do n't be fooled by that meshing that you sit on , notice that there is no cushioning . It too becomes hard as a rock after sitting in it awhile . This chair is no more comfortable than a folding canvas chair you would take to an outdoor event . Those with long legs may be especially uncomfortable . I could n't get relief even with my own cushion on it . The arms are extremely hard to adjust unless you have a wrench with very long handles . It is very hard to tighten with just your fingers and annoying when the arms swing outwards . I endure this chair for 40 hours a week and it is causing me great pain all along my legs . May I add that this chair forces you to sit in one position only because of the seat design . Please test this chair out for yourself before you spend that kind of money on it . I would rather sit in my own el-cheapo computer chair than this crippling thing any day .
 I agree 100 percent on the mesh seating . It is very hard with almost zero cushioning and as a result my feet go numb . For far less money and a better chair go to Costco and buy the Herman Miller chair that they sell for 299.00 . Has more comfortable back support at your lumbar , and there is actual foam padding in the seat . Not perfect but much better . I find the pokey thingamagig that they install in the lumbar area to keep your pelvis from tilting is pretty much worthless and just tends to irritate your pelvic bone . I suggest that one spend five dollars for one of those readily available `` soft '' mesh devices are far more useful and comfortable for lumbar support . Also why do all of these guys that build seating for the office or home actually believe that one needs bolster as in an automobile . All they do is create a pressure point in the bottom of your thigh which too causes numbness in ones legs and feet , but the same result on the sides of your back . What , they think that we are going to be taking corners at 80 mph and need to be kept from flying out of the chair . Its bad enough that car manufacturers have far too tight bolstering creating pressure points under your buttocks and thighs , so now we must put up with it in our home chairs !? Again this mesh is almost as sitting on a hard park bench or the plastic seating at McDonalds . Another chair off to Craigslist ! Hopefully my Craigslist potential prospective buyers do not read this review.Incidentally I 'm am not overweight . I am male , 5 feet 10 inches weigh 173 , with 33 inch waste . But still find so called bolsters on seats interfere and cause pressure on sciatic nerve under the thigh and buttock causing numbing and pain in my feet .
 I had to use one of these chairs when working at a large game company , it has two major problems . First , the mesh blocks air circulation while pressing firmly against your skin causing excessive sweating and soreness , something a foam padded chair does not do . Second , the plastic seat surround that the mesh affixes to presses in against the thighs unless you 're anorexic with bony legs , this causes extreme discomfort within 20 minutes . I would constanly have to readjust how I was sitting in the chair , switching from sitting primarily on one thigh then the next to keep the blood flowing in my legs.I 'm lucky I did n't die of a blood clot due to having to use one of these chairs .
 I paid the close this absurd price for this chair b/c of the reviews and b/c I have to spend lots of time in it . Within months the pneumatic device started failing . Today it failed completely . The closest location to make the repairs needed - replacing the device - is about 30 miles from my home and will cost about $ 100 plus labor . There are many excellent office/desk chairs on the market now and with the economy what it is , it is absolutely not necessary to spend this kind of money and doubly so , when you will have to pay 15 % of the original price of the chair to get it fixed . I will spend little more than that and get a new chair . Note to Herman Miller
 The metal work and extruded upright are fantastic and well done , and easy to assemble . The mount between the stand and TV is great , easy to adjust and use , and could be reused as a wall mount if you get tired of the stand.The base is thinly finished MDF with a tubular metal frame underneath . The decorative black part of the base dents easily -LRB- do n't drop a washer or bolt while assembling the unit as it will dent the surface -RRB- and the edges can be caught by a vacuum wrecking the sleek look of the unit , by pulling the finish off exposing the MDF underneath .
 I originally bought this stand on Crutchfield approx 1 year ago for a 46 inch LCD . It worked OK , the wire management system is nothing to write home about . I found the tunnel bored thru the middle of the support shaft is too narrow , making the task of feeding cables nearly impossible , especially power cables -LRB- the male ends are too big for it -RRB- . Well ... I have graduated to more sophisticated furniture , and I thought I would use this stand for my 32 inch LCD that I use in my office . The stand is too big for it . The brackets that hold the TV to the stand cover the inputs for my audio inputs.It 's a shame . Now I 'm stuck with an ugly TV stand that wo n't work with my TV .
 Five weeks to get it and when I opened the package it was damaged . I called and email the seller and still have n't got response .
 I bought this one last winter . It worked well . But it was only at that time . When I opened it for this winter , it did n't work anymore . No power on . I can not recommend this as same as other many reviewer at all . You should select other humidifier for avoiding your regret .
 what can I say . This one held so much promise.I liked the capacity , the controls , the price , the output and the looks.I was especially thrilled about the heating element . It was not the typical ring type that makes it so hard to reach and clean . This one is a flat plate.But alas , less than 1 week into it , it simply stopped powering on . My search for a humidifier continues ...
 The design is my main critique for this . I had this for 2 days , and on the second day , the water container broke as I was filling it up . there is no handle on the bottom side , and it does n't stand up by itself . So , I was holding onto it from the side , and right as I was lifting it up from my tub , it slipped , and the container cracked .2 days . * sigh *
 I bought this unit on a recommendation from my doctor who said the warm moisture humidifiers are better . I bought it , it ran beautifully for an hour and then just quit , stopped working , does n't power it up , no nothing .
 I purchased two over a year ago . Both are working fine but I guess to due to the quality of my water it scales up and is a ENORMOUS pain to clean . It is noisy and a pain to fill because when you flip the container it is not designed to stand alone . In the end I am selling them both and the year supply of filter pads on craigs list and having a whole humidifier installed instead .
 I purchases this humidifer less than a month ago and it already does not work . I will contact Amazon and see what they are willing to do about my sitation.Product worked for the first 3 weeks , now nothing.Honeywell QuickSteam Warm Humidifier HWM-335
 It 's too noisy to be in bedroom in the night . It 's broken in less than half year usage .
 I bought mine last year and was very pleased with its looks , size , controls , ease of use , and quickness to steam . It is , as others mentioned , noisey . I had to move it out of my bedroom because of noise . I unboxed and set it up in early November and now it intermittently shuts down for some reason and has to constantly be reset . I did the whole troublshoot menu i.e. , cleaned though it was n't dirty , even cleaned off the metal the contact points of the power module . The company will probably fix or replace it I pay for shipping both ways -LRB- thats like $ 20 both ways -RRB- . Someone on here mentioned that they charge a fee to fix it ? Anyway , its not worth the hassle . I do n't recommend this machine .
 Initially functioned well and sure enough , after less than two months the heating element burned out , the unit started leaking . The manufacturer refuses to respond to emial or offer support on this crappy product . Amazon , will surely loose customers if they resell such productsI DEFINITELY do n't recommend this product .
 The product works great but does n't last . After 6 months , the heating element burns out . Manufacturer replaced the damaged item , but the new one burnt out in 6 months . It cost about $ 20 to ship it back . Not worth the hassle a second time around .
 This unit is not for the bedroom as it spits , bubbles and gurgles . Mine also only lasted a year and the warrantee is not worth the paper it 's printed on . The controls are counter intuitive and the humidistat does n't work well . The mineral pads are also very expensive and hard to find . I replaced it with a cheap $ 10 Holmes unit -LRB- on sale -RRB- which is just as good
 Keep looking . This is VERY awkward to fill . Those with grip strength issues will never be able to handle . If you have hard water , find the filters in bulk . Will do an adequate job in small spaces . I got mine at an extremely good price , they have gone up since then , I would n't do it over again , even at the lower cost .
 I purchased this humidifier on 10/28/2008 and it was delivered about a week later . I set it up in my office , but since it was warm in Georgia until 2 weeks ago , I did n't need to refill it.Last week I moved it downstairs to replace another Honeywell warm mist unit -LRB- 2 year old -RRB- that had given up the ghost.After only 2 weeks it quit working - I cleaned it twice and the power to it still would n't work.After 20 minutes on hold -LRB- I tried over the weekend too - but Customer Service at KAZ - the real seller - has the weekend off -RRB- I was finally connected to a `` service '' representative today.Sure they 'll take the unit -LRB- I only need to send the electronic part -RRB- back but I have to pay the shipping on that , plus -LRB- if you read the fine print -RRB- an additional $ 10 for them to send me the replacement part . That 's with the `` 3 year -LRB- very -RRB- limited warranty '' in place.Let 's see - the unit cost $ 19.99 and worked for 2 weeks - now they want me to pay them ~ $ 16.00 for them to replace a defective part ?? You can take your chances - but I wo n't again !!
 Looks great on delivery
 Badly designed in all aspects , starting with terrible water tank that will not sit stable on a flat surface ; also needs cleaning once a week or will not run , terrible non intuitive controls so you have to read the instructions to figure out how to run it . hard to believe how a product could be so difficult to use in all aspects.Note how many negative reviews there are for these Honeywell gadgets , and find another product
 I liked the design of the unit , and initially it functioned well . It quietly puts out a lot of moisture . Construction quality seemed flimsy , and sure enough , after less than three months the heating element burned out . The manufacturer will replace the unit , if it finds a defect in material or workmanship . However , you must pay shipping and $ 15.00 for their time ; not really worth the hassle.I do n't recommend this product .
 The water tank is not easy to fill . Has to be held . Ca n't be rested on a surface while filling.Mine broke in one of the early filling . Threw it away .
 Product only worked for about a week.I sent it back and amazon refunded all my money including shipping . Honeywell used to make good humidifiers but no longer.I wish they would come back with the model # 2030 . I used this model for years and was well satisfied with it .
 Mine ran great for about 5 days when I set it up in mid-January 2007 , then quit running -LRB- would n't power up -RRB- . I cleaned it , followed all the troubleshooting instructions , nothing , nada.Do not waste your money on this!Honeywell used to make great products , but this unit is made overseas with a different technology.I 'm swearing off Honeywell products until they get their act together again !
 The plastic water reservoir on this unit is very thin and breaks easily . I accidently dropped the reservoir from a height of about six inches above a carpeted floor and it broke spilling the entire 3 gallons of water everywhere ! Do not buy this junk ! The manufacturer surely could have made the reservoir durable enough to withstand such a minor impact !
 Bought this product -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- it broke after about a week - I 've tried about every humidifier out on the market - the BEST by far is anything made by Air-o-swiss . . Period . I 'm on the same one for the second season and we 're buying another for our daughter . They are WORTH every cent .
 We had older models that we use throughout the house in the winter , so it was time to replace them - we bought 4 new ones . Within a few days they started dying , one after another . We sent them back , Honeywell agreed to do this without paying the $ 15 , however the replacements are now also dying . Do n't even bother until they completely redesign these things .
 Got the item , and it worked for about 3 days , then shut itself off . Wo n't even power on now . Seems to be a common defect .
 I have a number of pieces of this pattern of Wilton-Armetale that I 've been collecting since I got a piece for a house-warming gift years ago . I have to say that it 's not exactly the same as the `` original '' pieces as it 's no where near as heavy or well made . I just purchased another piece from a vendor and will see if it 's similarly made when it arrives . If that piece is n't as I 've come to know the product and they have , in fact , `` outsourced '' their manufacturing to a company with less product/manufacturing/quality , I wo n't be getting any more pieces . The egg tray is just as represented , same pattern , same finish , just much more light-weight and no where near as impressive as I 've come to expect .
 Bought it for the office to keep soda and lunch cool at my desk . It simply stopped working . I 've had portable mini fridges before that lasted so I do n't believe it was n't designed to withstand continuous use . If it was , it should state `` NOT FOR CONTINUOUS USE '' .
 Compact feature is great , but if you need to depend on it for a constant temperature , forget it .
 This product failed to work , at all . In trying to effect a return , I discovered that I would have to pay for the return postage , pay for a proof of receipt , and pay a `` restocking fee '' of 20 % . I fail to comprehend this restocking fee . Do they plan to `` resell '' this non-working item ? This was an expensive experience , on my part .
 After the first fridge stopped working in under a month , the second we received as a replacement stopped working within a month as well . Was used to store baby bottles . I do not recommend this product .
 This fridge stopped working after three weeks , allowing the contents to spoil . I wish I had seen all the other reviews here reporting the same outcome . Not worth the money or hassle .
 I was all excited about this mini fridge using it for my work desk . I wanted it basically to keep my insulin cool . It worked great for about a one week then gave out !!! I even read one of the reviews where it died about 2months later but I did n't listen ... I should of and saved my time and headache . I say take a look at another one -- do n't buy this one unless you want to use it for short periods of time or plan to toss it after 2 months of use .
 I purchased this product and 4 weeks after i receiving it , It no longer works . The product does nothing at all For the price and shipping i would expect it to last longer than that .
 Bought this for work . I 'm a working mom that expresses breast milk through out the day . This item seemed great though cheaply made . Suddenly stopped working after only a month . Do n't waste your money .
 I just bought this fridge for use with camping . -LRB- yes , some campsites have electric ! -RRB- Well , I mostly want it for meat and dairy , but the unit could only chill down to @ 46 degrees F . While this is adequate for water and soda , it wo n't keep the dairy very fresh beyond a day . the specs say it can cool to 38F but we were n't able to see that even after 12 hours using a digital thermometer to measure the temperature . seems the back of the fridge gets chilled , but the front part of it is not part of the cooling element or chamber , but just insulation . So , I probably will return it since I am not convinced it is adequate for dairy . It took at least hour to chill the box down from a room temperature start . This fridge is very small , so once the door is opened , it takes a bit for the box to recover its chill .
 I bought this product to keep underneath my desk at work to keep my bottles cold . I have found that this item just does an ok job and was not really worth the $ 52 -LRB- that 's including the shipping I paid -RRB- for this item . I have also found that insulated lunch type bags with the gel ice packs do just as an effective job as the mini fridge can do . I would suggest you save your money , this mini fridge is not worth it .
 I have purchased one of these mini fridge during the heat of the past summer to keep a couple cans of my favorite Starbucks Espresso drinks & a candy bar or 2 in hand by my recliner when I 'm watching TV & surfing the net . When it was time for my snack , I found my coffee drinks warm & my candy bars melted !! I double checked the switches on the back , I did put it on `` COOL '' not `` WARM '' . So I just give up using it & bought myself another one by Koolatron ! It turned out it was a wise move because my new Koolatron mini fridge cooled down to about 38F in less than 5 mins after I plug it into the wall ! I have wasted my $ 45 of my hard earn money !! Please take my advice , DO NOT EVEN THINK OF BUYING THIS PIECE of JUNK !!
 I gave up on this product after 2 tries , and I am now looking for another option . On the first model I received , the on/off switch was loose and no longer connected to anything inside the fridge . The manufacturer was great to deal with , and shipped me out a brand new unit at no charge . However , this one was defective as well . I plugged it in , switched it to the cold setting for 4 days , and it did n't get below room temperature . Although others may have had a great experience with this product , I have concluded that this is very poorly manufactured . I am in the process of getting a refund .
 This is a not good refiriderator because , it is not getting cool and this is really bad product I am trying another one though !
 I bought my first mini-fridge a few years ago and it lasted a long time . The new one that I bought in July has burned out two power cords . I am now waiting for the third to arrive . If this one does n't work I will return the fridge since there may be something that in that that is ruining the power cord.I use the fridge upstairs in the bedroom . I am diabetic and I keep my insulin in this mini-fridge so it is convenient for me to use . It 's small and quiet and fits on a shelf in the closet . I hope the power cord situation gets resolved .
 The first one worked for about a week , very loud and would n't cool below 68 degrees . I returned it and the company was relative good in getting a new one to me . It took about 3 weeks in all . This new one worked great for about 3 months , much quieter and would chill to at least 61 degrees untill it just stopped working . It 's just not worth my trying a third frig . I will try something else to cool my medicine . It 's too important to mess with this junk again , do n't think about buying one .
 It arrived the day before we were leaving on a 2-week trip , plugged it in the night before and nothing , followed the instructions to a tee and nothing . Had to rush out -LRB- few hours before we left -RRB- and purchase another brand of mini-fridge . I have not had the time to return it or contact Amazon , but in the fine print it says return to manufacturer and not Amazon . It does not seem like it will be a easy process . Fridge is cheaply made -LRB- that 's Ok if it would work -RRB- .
 The unit is small , portable , and easy to operate . I have not used it in the warm mode yet . The fridge keeps liquids cold . However , temperature can not be adjusted -LRB- other than hot or cold -RRB- and sometimes the liquids inside get completely frozen . This fridge is OK for the car but caution should be taken if storing liquids overnight because of the freezing problem .
 I am not sure that this product is designed for continuous use . I 've seen a few reviews here from others that stated that it worked okay for a few months and then died . This seems to have been my case as well.My miniFridge , while it was working , could cool to about 50 degrees . But it would vary greatly depending on the temperature around it . I would be careful keeping something perishable in here . But for keeping soda cool on a trip -LRB- they include a car adapter -RRB- , its probably fine , and takes up much less space than a packed ice chest.I had high hopes for it . But for 3 months , it kept the contents mostly cool -LRB- 50-60 deg -RRB- , which I was only mildly happy with , and now its dead .
 The fridge is great for just a few tiny things - not big enough for Dr. Brown 's larger bottles . Quit working in under 3 months . I emailed the company and have n't heard anything yet - during the work week ... Spend a little more and get a larger fridge . Would be okay for the back of a car for about 2 cans of cola .
 I bought this little guy in August to use at work . It worked great keeping salads and drinks cool . However , at the beginning of this month , it stopped working . I walked in one morning and the thing had finked out on me . I am planning to replace it with a more reliable model .
 Bebe Sounds Portable MiniFridgeI do computer work at home . Purchased this frig in an attempt to keep drinks cool while working . First , it was much louder than I had anticipated . It did not keep drinks cool enough and it stopped working completely 1 month after I bought it . BAD PURCHASE !
 This advertisement is very misleading . I thought I was buying a mini fridge , but instead , the only thing the product did was heat up to over 100 degrees . Never once did it chill anything . We thought it was the AC adapter or something , but after trying other options , we have given up and will take our losses ...
 We got this as a gift from my MIL , and , while cute , is not terribly functional . The wires get caught on the plastic parts , making it difficult to re-open after cutting through the egg . It also does n't cut all the way through a jumbo egg , it leaves a bit on the bottom uncut , and you have to push it back up through the wires to finish the cut .
 Cute but is for reg . eggs only . Extra large eggs is like getting into my tight jeans . To open the slicer you have to look for the small extended plastic .
 It looks cute , but the cute-factor no longer soothes my irritation when this product turns what should be a simple matter of slicing an egg into an ordeal . The product is difficult to clean and the metal wires just do n't have enough tension in them to be able to cut the egg properly - they get pushed out of the way and seem so flimsy that I am amazed they have not snapped yet .
 I have only used this once and the wires separated from the egg . I am unable to use the slicer any longer .
 I 've only owned this for a few months and one of the wire cutters is already broken . And because of the way it is designed -LRB- one continuous loop of wire -RRB- , all of the other wires have lost tension . Now when I slice an egg , the wires do n't always line up with their slots . This is compounded by the fact that there is a lot of play in the hinge.I used to think this was cute but now it 's super annoying to use and I feel mocked by it 's stupid little face.Sure I may have abused it by slicing mushrooms , but I expect an egg slicer to be able to handle that.Today I bought a Westmark egg slicer . It 's cast aluminum body feels sturdier and it is definitely better designed -LRB- made in Germany -RRB- . Each wire cutter is it 's own individual wire that relies on a metal connection -LRB- not plastic -RRB- to stay tensioned and seated . Also there is very little slop in the hinge . It may have cost fives times more , but I think it will prove to be worth it .
 I gave this 2 stars because this egg slicer is really cute , that was the only good quality about this product . However , one of the wires broke after the FIRST use ! I was slicing de-shelled , hard-boiled eggs -LRB- what this product is meant for -RRB- and I did n't even get to the 3rd egg and it was broken .
 I loved this bedding when I first saw it ... then I washed it . The red bled all over the white stripes and the back of the comforter . I am SO disappointed . And I ca n't return it since it has been opened and washed . I washed it exactly as directed on the tag .
 Made in china , cheap plastic . What was delivered is dull and does not resemble the picture I see advertised by amazon . The picture was probably enhanced be specific lighting . Very disappointed with the quality of materials .
 This turns the Senseo into a plain coffeemaker , so why bother to have one ? There 's no froth on top . The 2-cup option came out watery , weak and undrinkable .
 This will be short and sweet
 I really wanted to like this . I followed all instructions and comments posted , but all this did was make brown water . Plus , it does n't necessarily stop the Senseo at 8 oz . I switched to the EcoPad which makes real coffee .
 I tried this out for the first time this morning , following tips from other reviewers getting the filter to stick with a little water and using 1.5 scoops of coffee and packing it down and wiping the rim clean .1 st cup -RRB- First mistake , hit the 2 cup button , watched the cup fill and fill and fill , then a bit of panic as it reached the top and i had to swap in another cup -LRB- a normal 2pod 2cup cycle fills my fiestaware mug perfectly -RRB- the myPod actually made 1.5 mug fulls of remarkably weak coffee . Undrinkable .2 nd cup -RRB- similar to above , but more coffee and packed it down even more . Press the 1 cup button this time , it fills the mug 3/4 way up . The coffee was better , but it was like when your friend who doesent drink coffee makes it , pretty weak . Drinkable , but no punch .3 rd cup -RRB- I thought that my coffee grind might be too fine . It looked like some clear water was leaking around the podholder , so maybe back pressure was forcing water to leak out around the podholder and down the little chute straight into the mug . This time i ground the beans a little corser than preground coffee and really filled the holder up . Coffee was decent , still not as strong as pod product , and still needing improvement.If i get this to make a good cup of coffee i 'll update this review . If not i 'll stick to the Millstone french roast pods for the HomeCafe machine , they make a much better tasting cup than the Senseo Douwe pods .
 I was glad to read another review that said that it did not shut off the water as it does when using a Senseo pod holder . Goodness what a mess I had when I tried this Presto coffee holder.I use a large oversized cup when I brew using Senseo pods as I like to add cream to my coffee . The cup I use is 16 ounces and holds a 2 cup amount of Senseo plus plenty of space for cream . I put my empty 16 ounce cup under the coffee maker when I tried using this Presto My Pod . I turned away for a minute and when I looked back the coffee was pouring over the top of the cup . The Senseo did not shut off by itself when I used the Presto MyPod in it . I assume it has something to do with pressure that makes it shut off normally.Whatever the reason , the coffee poured all over the place . Thinking that maybe there was something I had done wrong , I tried again while watching closely . Same thing happened , but this time I was looking and quickly turned the machine off . Also , after about 30 seconds , the water coming out of the machine was not ` coffee ' colored . So , the coffee I put in the Presto was basically used up in 1/2 a minute and the water that was still pouring out of the machine was JUST water . So , I had 2 very , very yuccky cups of 1/2 coffee and 1/2 hot water . No thanks . Also , I bought this so that I could use some of my favorite flavors of ground coffee in my Senseo . Again , I assume because the Presto MyPod does not let the machine build up pressure as it is supposed to do , the coffee was so weak I could not taste the flavorings in the coffee anyway.This product does not seem like it was properly tested before being put on the shelf .
 I bought a Senseo to enjoy a good bold cup of coffee . The unfortunate side effect is that one has to buy 18 pods a week at $ 5 a pop . So I thought I would try the Presto MyPod to help save a few dollars , and be able to use the machine that I liked . The concept is a great idea . Presto just did n't get it right . I 'm not sure what the answer is , but the bottom line is that this product produces weak coffee with a lot more hassle than the Senseo should have . The instructions are full of disclaimers about the type of coffee , how you have to stand by the machine to make sure it does n't overflow , etc. . It 's like Presto knew this was n't going to be a great product , but put it on the shelves anyway .
 I bought think , thinking I can use my own coffee , and the attachment does not fit in the Senseo . I try to snap the top closed , and it does n't stay closed , so as a result , the coffee -LRB- water -RRB- squirts all over the place . Plan on returning it .
 Hard to load , messy , and most of all DOES NOT FIT properly when used with Senseo Delux.Don ' t waist your money .
 the filter is not so good . The coffe is weak and do not have the foam that normally has when you use a normal senseio coffe pod . Waste of money if you like the coffe of the original senseio coffe pod .
 The MyPod has MANY shortcomings . There 's too much water ; no foam ; it 's not easy to use ; it 's not easy to keep clean ; and does anyone really believe Presto will be making the tiny round filters in a year?Read and HEED the other negative reviews
 We purchased this item and thought it would be a wonderful idea . Unfortunately it did not work very well . It did not provide a ` foamy ' cup of coffee like the pods did , thus the coffee lacks a quality that the foaming offers . Also the item lodged in the Senseo Machine and the machine had to be opened with a screwdriver and pliers . Fortunately it did not ruin the Senseo machine .
 The Senseo did not even seem to recognize the MyPod in the holder . When I brewed the coffee , the unit did not shut off and what was supposed to be a great morning wakeup , turned into a huge mess of boiling hot water and coffee grounds.Thinking I did something wrong , I cleaned up and tried again -LRB- when my blood pressure dropped ! -RRB- and had just about the same result.I 'm just glad I only bought this on clearance at WMart , and didnt pay full price for it . Junk !
 Should never bought this silly thing . Very messy.Hard to clean up after . I have allready put it in the trash .
 I bought my Senseo so all I had to do was basically push a button and this just complicates the process . It 's so tricky & messy and you have to fill it just so , and worst of all NO FOAM ! Buy the New Improved Brown EcoPad it 's much easier , produces foamy coffee AND friendly to the environment .
 Weak , watery coffee . I ca n't believe this thing made it out of the labs . Maybe they did n't care whether it worked or not . -LRB- Note that all the positive reviews of this thing are very conditional . -RRB-
 I 'm not sure if my Senseo model may have been the wrong one . When I try to use the product by the directions , I get water all over the place . Was there supposed to be another part of help seal it better . I do n't know.I am just writing it off as a bad investment .
 Presto 09402 Mypod Refillable Personal Pod/coffee Holder +100 Extra Filters I used this and it is NOT the same as using a real pod of coffee . It does not foam up like a Senseo at all . Coffee is weaker no matter how much you use . I give it 1 to 2 stars .
 Bought this for use in our office . Very disappointing . We 've tried it with three different types of coffee and none of us like it . Too difficult to get a full strength cup of coffee . Not enough resistance for the water . Surprisingly the most effective grind so far was the espresso which is not recommended for it.Gave up after two days , countless machine overflows and thrown out cups of coffee . Buying a Perfect Pod and hoping it 's better . Expensive experiment so far .
 I picked this up at Meijer ... because as a coffee lover , I have been torn between my favorite machine -LRB- Senseo -RRB- and my love for buying exotic coffees in whole bean form and grinding them myself . I thought this would bridge that gap and give me a perfect cup of coffee ... I was wrong!First off-if you use the My Pod with your Senseo , DO NOT walk away from the machine when you brew a cup . It does not automatically shut off at the right time like it does when you use the Senseo pods-in short-you have to turn it off yourself now when the mug is almost full ... or trust me-you will have an overflowing coffee mug.Secondly-the Senseo works by using high pressure against the pods-with this replacement system-you do not get the pressure , resulting in very weak coffe . Tastes like coffee watered down heavily with hot water . Blech.All in all ... I wasted about a pot 's worth of freshly ground $ 14 a pound beans on this replacement system , trying to get the flavor and all right.I guess I will continue to go back and forth between my good gourmet whole bean in my regular coffee maker , and back to using the Senseo with Senseo brand pods when I want a quick , single cup of coffee ... or want the coffee with the froth.Very disappointing .
 I purchased this awhile back . I must say that I 'm really disappointed with it . I was hoping for something to use to avoid using the expensive pods all the time . The main problem with this is that the Senseo will not shut off automatically . It makes a mess each time I attempt to use it . The coffee is very weak and usually has some grounds in it . Also there is no crema , which is n't a big deal to me , but others might be disappointed in that . For now , I 'll stick with the pods . Target has started selling its house brand coffee in pods so I 'll probably give that a try .
 The directions for its use are unclear since it doesnt state whether you use the single cup button on the Senseo or the double cup button . You have to figure it out by trial and error . Although it works fine , the aparatus uses way too much coffee grounds to get a medium bodied single cup of coffee .
 I purchased this as a backkup for the no pod occasions , but it is totally worthless ! The reason we all have pod coffee makers is because they are quicky , easy and make a great cup of joe without the hassle . So why in the world would we want to use this device !! It makes weak flavorless coffee , requires clean up , and does n't shut off automatically like the pods . Also , there is no crema . I returned mine ! Amazon sells pods by Gala that are really good , great price , and now there is no reason to run out of pods ! Skip this one .
 REVISED
 The presto my pod makes , to me , a very weak and watery cup of coffee . It could be just me , I prefer using the medium or dark roast pods , I like strong coffee . I tried using a few different types of coffee in the presto my pod , but it did n't seem to make a difference . I 'm not convinced that the pressure is strong enough to brew a decent cup.don ' t buy this ... heck I 'll sell you mine for a dollar :--RRB- I 'll never use the dang thing again.I followed up by buying the brown eco pod , and THAT worked decently and made a nice cup of coffee by my standards .
 It 's easier to make drip coffee in a cheap machine for better flavor than using this as even an emergency replacement . It was worse than awful I 'd rather drink gas station coffee for a better flavor than what this can do.Please do n't waste your money .
 I bought this gadget on amazon a week ago to try it with my Senseo coffee machine . I was very seduced by the idea of using my favorite coffee with my favorite coffee machine . But with Mypod from Presto , I only get very weak cups of coffee with a lot of water in them . As if it was n't enough , there is no foam on the coffee I get , which is very frustrating for me . I will never recommend this product to anybody . Save your money for real pods from Senseo or Kona .
 This pod does not fit the Senseo Supreme.It leaks the water out.The top does not close tight with pod in.I find the Eco pads work well in the Senseo Supreme .
 Bad execution . I picked one of these up at a local store and had returned it by the end of the day . What junk . No grounds on the rim , I tried drip and espresso grinds of varying sizes and still it leaked and gave me nothing but brown water .
 I saw this product while walking through WalMart and thought it was a great idea . I felt the packaging implied it would produce a `` Senseo Pod '' - quality brew from my own coffee . Well , what I got was yucky coffee and a big mess ! As other reviewers mention - the coffee is brewed very weak , you have to watch the water level to prevent an overflow mess and there is no froth . There are lots of inexpensive 1-cup cofee makers that would be way better , and this does not get you the `` Senseo '' coffee experience . Save your money and do n't buy this product !
 I got one of these thankful to be lowering my per-cup cost on my machine . I did n't even use it once . First , MESSY MESSY MESSY . I end up with grounds all over the place trying to get this right . Incidently , that 's one reason I got a Senseo . Second , it made the weakest coffee without the great foam . I say weak , I mean watery . I was even using an expresso blend . Third , the clean up stinks . Overall , hit Target when pods are on sale . I buy them buy the case ! Love my Senseo !!!!
 I have had the blue ecopods for well over a year now . Ilove the taste of the coffee and it does give a fair amount of foam but hard to clean.I saw the Presto MyPod and leaped to try it . The coffee overfills the cup making it too weak and no room for creamer . There is absolutely no foam . I got hooked on the Senseo Foam . We will use it in a pinch but only on the 1 cup setting with 11/2 scoops .
 It seemed like a good idea.When using the Presto MyPod , my Senseo ca n't tell when the cup is full . This is probably because the configuration of the MyPod does n't allow the Senseo to reach full pressure . If you do n't stand by the machine to shut it off when it 's done , you 'll wind up with a counter full of water.The MyPod makes watery coffee with no foam . I am definitely disappointed in this product .
 The product description does n't provide full disclosure . This product is not a substitute for coffee pods . It does not make the characteristic crema of standard pods and it wo n't regulate the amount of water that goes through the coffee maker because of pressure variations . As a result , cups overflow and brewing is difficult to regulate . It will save you money over pods , but the coffee is not as satisfactory . Final judgement
 This product does allow you to use regular coffee if you are out of pods ; however , it is messy to cleanup . Pods are the better alternative .
 This was advertised as fitting my pod machine , but does n't - I 'm not sure that it would function that well even if it did
 I folowed the instructions and found that the coffee was very weak so I experimented with differint grinds and filter no filter . I found not useing the paper filter and grinding the coffee expresso and stoping the water when it starts to look pale makes a med . strong cup . A lot of work for a decent cup . I still think that my old krups drip makes a great cup . I will keep trying other alternets to the pods becous there very expensive . I am waiting for some one to start manufacturing a home pod maker . that you can fill & seel at home .
 Not only did this not work but it wrecked the machine . After using this one time the machine never worked right again . Water would pour out the side of the machine and it would not brew anymore .
 This system seemed like a great idea when I bought it in February . A cheap alternative to overpriced pods and all that jazz.Then I had to clean it . And decided my time was , in fact , worth the cost of pre-packaged pods . The reviewer who mentioned that this item eliminates the fast convenience of a pod coffeemaker hit it on the nose . Prep is inconvenient , clean-up is awful -LRB- my senseo is in a room without a sink -RRB- and it was just a nastier mess than I wanted to face on a regular basis . I kept the kit for absolute coffee emergencies , but make an effort to ensure I do n't run out of pods rather than use it !
 I had the same experience about the coffee maker not stopping the water flow . I had quite a mess . Even ignoring the water flow issue though , because I could at least shut it off manually since I 'd only use this occasionally ... The real problem is the lid that covers the coffee grinds
 I have tried different grinds of coffee , different coffees , different amounts of loading , and still just get colored water . Does n't come close to the Ecopod in getting a decent cup of coffee out of the machine , or for that matter the standard pods .
 My coffee came out watery and I missed the trade mark foam from my usual pods . I was underwhelmed and now it 's gathering dust .
 it 's to messy , does not hold enough coffee to make a decent tasting coffee . the way this works sounds easy , however in reality it does not provide the quality coffee promised .
 This was not worth the hassle . I gave it and the coffee maker away for free in a yard sale !
 i got all excited that i could use that on my sensco machine . but i was wrong . i still can not use my sensco machine because no one can produce the little part that holds the coffee pod . what a crock ... they want me to buy a new machine .
 One of the things I like about the Senseo is the lack of grounds and stuff . This thing turns my nice clean pod-life into grounds and mess . Makes great coffee though . So I give it a middle minus one because I hate messiness .
 This little gizmo is one of those great ideas that just does n't work very well.At first glance , it looks like a winner . It 's a way to use regular ground coffee instead of the pricey Senseo pods . You put a little paper filter in the basket , add your own coffee , put the top on , and insert it into the machine . In moments , you have coffee!You 'll also probably have three other things
 I recently purchased a Senseo HD7832/55 coffe maker and this Presto refill pod was recommended.Great idea but it DOES NOT FIT THIS COFFEE MAKER!Not until receipt did I find that this item fits Senseo model HD7810/65 & HD7810/85 only.Amazon , please get your links straight !
 I normally buy my coffee pods from coolbeans and decided to give this a try as I had run out of pods and I had family over.The coffee pods I buy are designed where each pod makes 2 of the Senseo cups . 2 Senseo cups equals 1 standard mug of coffee.I filled the holder with 1 scoop of coffee put my coffee mug in the machine . Hit the button for 2 senseo cups . It started brewing the coffee and filling the cup . Man did it fill the cup to the point that it ran over the side and completely filled the drip tray below the coffee mug.I began thinking that the Senseo might just run the pump for a predetermined amount of time and that the small hole in the original coffee holder restricts the water that is used . So I filled the holder with 2 filters and added 11/2 scoops of coffee , packed it well and hit the button . I had to turn off the machine before it overfilled the cup again.Water appears to leak around the top of the holder , and runs down the handle of the holder and into the cup of coffee . When you open the Senseo up after running it , there is a puddle of water in the holder .
 I bought the My Pod so I could have my very favorite Dunkin Donuts coffee with my beloved Senseo . I do love the Kona Pods -LRB- Aloha Island -RRB- , but they are quite expensive . It will take some work to get the My Pod to make a decent cup of coffee , and you will make a hellacious mess at least once in the process . So you do n't have to repeat my errors , here was my process.Coffee
 I really wanted , and still want , this set . It is perfect for myneeds . It arrived broken . I noticed the packaging wasvery flimsy ... No protection worth mentioning against the glass.If they changed their packaging for shipping , this would havebeen the nicest cannister set !!
 I was so excited to get a metal cheese grater , but was SO disappointed ! I had to cut a small chunk of cheese off to get it to fit in the shoot and be able to put the top down to create the pressure needed . The rotatory house section is a loose piece , and it would flop around making it very difficult to grate anything but a small piece of the cheese . AND THEN ... it would not grate the put a little bit than the hunk would come flying out , skipping the grating . Stick with a microplane - this rotary crater is horrible !
 This item is definitely of very poor quality . To use this thing you will need to sign up at your local gym for stength training . Bought this because I saw one in use at an Italian resturant . Next time I am there I will check and see who makes it -LRB- what I should have done prior to ordering this one -RRB- and order one . This one is in the trash and should be in the land fill by next Monday .
 but it turns some of the cheese blueish or chrome . It is caused from when the cheese gets caught where the grader is spinning . it is like rubbing the chrome coating off into my cheese : -LRB-
 It grates cheese well . My biggest problem is that when the metal parts rub together while cranking , it tends to get metal particles in the grated cheese . I would never buy this product again .
 Pro
 I bought this to replace a workhorse stainless rotary grater that I had given to my son . The HIC looked the same as its predecessor , but has been a bitter disappointment . There is no lock to hold the drum in place and it requires maximum strength on the handle to hold press down on the cheese to grate it effectively . -LRB- I use it only to grate parmesan . -RRB- The cutting edge is not very sharp . Most disturbingly , every time I use this grater , a faint bluish powder appears on the cheese . At first I thought the cheese was moldy , but on closer inspection , it appears that the metal-on-metal pressure is producing a small layer of metal filings . Ick .
 We purchased these cheese graters to replace another similar set that we had that broke over time . This product looks exactly the same as our old ones , but performs completely differently . First , the arm that pushes cheese towards the grating wheel seems to be soldered on at an incorrect angle , serving to only cut the cheese in the hopper rather than push it down . Secondly , the grating wheel is not held into place by anything other than pressure , and frequently falls out -LRB- sometimes , very embarrassingly onto customer 's laps -RRB- . I hope to find adequate replacements for our old graters , because these are just not doing the trick .
 We have had this cheese grater for years . It has had problems for years . It leaves black marks on the grated cheese . I do n't think it is metal flakes , but it is unappetizing . Will be finally replacing it today !!
 This is an extremely large toaster oven versus the normal 4 slice variety . As a toaster , if I used it for white sliced bread I could probably fit 6 slices in the toaster with no problem . I normally use it for whole wheat bread which is larger than most white bread and I have plenty of room to spare with 4 slices . As an oven , the oven tray is also large and holds more than the usual toaster oven.The above is the good news . The bad news is that the `` medium '' toasting cycle takes 6 to 7 minutes to complete . However , before you begin to toast , you must be sure that the `` Timer '' dial and the `` Oven Temperature '' dial are set exactly to zero or it will sound as though you are toasting but there will be no heat . Using it as an oven , the food does not seem to bake in the usual amount of time . I am still experimenting with the temperature and the time to see if I can achieve the results that I had with previous toaster ovens . I think the extra size of the oven is part of the problem . I frequently resort to my regular oven to avoid problems.Because of the long time it takes to toast , the rather finicky controls that must be properly aligned and the poor results in the oven phase , I would try a different model or brand .
 This toaster oven seemed to work fine for the first 6 months or so . The toasting element is now really weak and it takes a LONG LONG time to toast a slice of bread . I can see from the window that the back element is redder than the front element on the bottom . I also have to flip the bread 1/2 way through if I want the bread evenly toasted because the top does n't seem to be toasting at all.The `` oven '' component seems to work great . It makes wonderful nachos so I gave it two stars instead of one .
 I had a smaller B&D ; , mounted under the kitchen cabnet . It lasted 8 years . It cooked fast and was very dependable so I was happy to look for another B&D ; toaster oven.I bought the TRO910W . It took a long time to toast bread
 The shells do n't look like the ones pictured . They are close however mine arrived with chips on each and every one . The quality is quite poor and disappointing . Very Very rugged to say the least .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Used it a couple times with generally good results . It 's not THAT quiet . No more quiet than the 7 year old eureka it was replacing . I came home from work one day , and my wife was using the old vacuum . She said the sharp would not turn on . I plugged it in and it worked ok , although suction seemed way down -LRB- yes , the bin was empty and clean , and there was no obstruction in any hoses . -RRB- I vacuumed for around 10 minutes , then it just shut off and would n't turn on . I should have just bought a good vacuum to begin with , because I 'll have to do it now anyway .
 The top of the apple crystal is flat . It is almost like the top of the apple was chopped off . It made the stem look out of place . I just did not found that attractive .
 looks great and holds a lot of media but to put together is a real pain . also some pre-drilled holes do not line up on the doors , tried adjusting but wo n't go . i have purchased many pressed board furniture in the past and i have nothing against pressed board but this is the lowest quality i have ever owned .
 I would not recommend this cabinet . It is difficult to put together and it falls apart . The shelves are flimsy and the doors are difficult to match up . I guess you get what you pay for , this was not that expensive .
 After ordering 5 sets of this pattern I was sorry to say that the quality was so poor that I returned them . I have bought several collections of Spode in the past and was very surprised by the change in their quality .
 When I got this table I was shocked to see that the table measured 24 inches wide by 24 inches deep . The product description says that it is only 14 inches deep . That was the size I wanted , not a square !!! Too bad they did not put a more accurate size in the description . Now I 'm stuck with a table that is too wide !!! Buy beware !!!
 I made this purchase sometime in October and to date I have not received it . I sent a request for information on when I could expect to receive and I have not yet received . I am not pleased that no one has gotten back to me yet .
 My wife was happy with this griddle for about a month . She was getting nice pancakes with the uniform heating provided by the griddle . However , last week she began to get pancakes cooked on one half and not on the other . It looks like the griddle has failed miserably .
 I OPENED THE BOX WITH GREAT EXPECTATION . IT LOOKED AND FELT GREAT . I DID NOT SUSPECTED THAT ANYTHING COULD BE WRONG WITH THIS PRODUCT . I THROW THE BOX AWAY AND DECIDED TO USED IT IN THE NEXT COUPLE OF DAYS . WRONG MOVE ! THREE DAYS LATER I DECIDED TO USE IT , AND TO MY DISMAY , WHILE WASHING IT , ONE OF THE HANDLES JEST FELL OFF . IT IS A SHAME THAT WAY THE HANDLES ARE ATTACHED . THERE ARE NO SCREWS OR FASTENERS OF ANY KIND . A PIECE OF GUM WOULD HAVE DONE A BETTER JOB .
 I should have read the previous review first . The picture made it seem that the topper came with it . Yes , it smells nice but it 's not exactly what I was looking for .
 I just put this rack together today . I like the concept but believe the price is way to much as the rack is not all that sturdy nor do the pegs hold the sides together . I would actually ship it back but I need something ASAP . The positive
 We have owned this product for around 1 year now . 6 months after owning it the bi-cast leather began to crack severely and rip everywhere . Right now we have 3-4 very unsightly large rips . They can not be repaired . Do n't be fooled by the con-artists who claim they can repair this . They ca n't . It is extremely embarrassing when we have parties , but we dumped $ 2,000 -LRB- price with Ottoman -RRB- and do n't know what to do now . Do you just throw $ 2,000 in the trash ? The warranty on this thing is completely meaningless and does n't exist .
 I had this sofa almost 2 years now and I really think I wasted my money . This sofa looks great at first but the quality of leather -LRB- ? -RRB- is terrible . It started with small rip and its getting bigger and bigger each day . I have 3 rips already . I do n't know what to do with them .
 We have owned this product for around 1 year now . 6 months after owning it the bi-cast leather began to crack severely and rip everywhere . Right now we have 3-4 very unsightly large rips . They can not be repaired . Do n't be fooled by the con-artists who claim they can repair this . They ca n't . It is extremely embarrassing when we have parties , but we dumped $ 2,000 -LRB- price with Ottoman -RRB- and do n't know what to do now . Do you just throw $ 2,000 in the trash ? The warranty on this thing is completely meaningless and does n't exist .
 This items says LARGE CROSS , but if you do n't read the added profile like myself , the item is only 8.75 inches high . It says that it could be placed on the wall . Yes , probably , but you are not going to see it . Disappointed .
 On paper , this filter probably is one of the best whole-house filters with a transparent housing . I have used others -LRB- e.g. , Sears -RRB- and they were difficult to change the filter . I had this Culligan HF-360A filter installed about 2 years ago . Just like other reviewers ' complaints , the valve on the head leaked when it was first turned on . I needed to wrap the valve stem with lots of Teflon tape to stop . Then , it worked quite well.During the Thanksgiving holidays I took some time off doing house chores . One morning I was washing plates and utensils in the kitchen sink . Suddenly , the water stopped flowing , i.e. , no water pressure . It took me 2 seconds to realize that something wrong and I heard noise coming from the basement . I rushed down to the basement and found the filter clear housing EXPLODED , literally - please see the picture that I attached . The water was rushing out form the water main . I was lucky to discover this in no time and I was at home at that time . Or , my entire finished basement/home office will be ruined.Then , believe it or not , I got another Culligan HF-360A whole house filter from Amazon . Even though the new one had the same model number , the new clear housing seemed not fit the old `` filter head '' where the in/out water pipes were connected . Then , I removed the old head and installed the new one . To my surprise , the valve did not leak like the old one -LRB- I had the Teflon tape ready by my side -RRB- . I was not sure if Culligan improved the design , or it was just a lucky anomaly!I certainly hope this filter would last . YMMV !
 I should have listened to other reviews . This filter housing leaked since day one -LRB- usually a drip here and there , or right after changing the filter -RRB- , but it just recently began leaking about 1 gallon a day -LRB- after using it for about 9 months -RRB- . The leak is coming from somewhere in the valve . I 'm going to try the fix that another reviewer posted -LRB- about the silicone -RRB- . Crossing fingers that this works !
 This whole house filter housing is replacing an Omni housing that was here when we moved into the house 7 years ago . The Omni developed a pinhole leak ... so it had to be replaced.Unfortunately I made the bad decision to purchase the this Culligan Unit , which in fact turned out to be worse than the Omni . It only lasted two years , and was a pain to change filters with . The Culligan has plastic fittings , takes major effort to change cartridges and leaked to the point that I had to throw it out and replace it with a Watts , which is higher quality in every way . Save yourself from making the mistake I made . For about the same price you can get the Watts , which is a much better choice.Do order the Culligan UB-1 mounting bracket -LRB- about 6 bucks on Amazon -RRB- to install the Watts -LRB- or any whole house water filter -RRB- with . The mounting bracket will take the weight of the Filter Unit and the torque of removing and replacing the filter off of the plumbing and secures the unit to the wall via the inlet and outlet fittings .
 I purchased one of the Culligan HF-360 , clear housing filters . When I first installed it , it dribbled water between the housing and the top . I then try tightening it more . It slowed a bit , but stilled leaked . I decided not to worry about a small leak . Seeing that the filter was dirty , I went to change the element . In doing so , it was on so tight that the entire pvc pipe snapped in two . I repaired the pipe , but did not put the filter back in , for fear that this would happen again . I am still looking for a clear housing filter that will be water tight without having to crank it down so hard .
 I 've got two of these , one is clear and the other is solid blue plastic . They are both outside connected to my well . The clear model is NOT for outdoor use . Because it is clear , algae starts to grow quickly until it covers the where the sunlight enters the unit . I had to spray paint it black to keep the algae from growing and the spots I missed with the paint still grew algae . On top of this issue , it developed a leak 9 months after I installed it . I finally scrapped it and bought another blue one .
 should of heeded other reviews . i live in baja mexico and getting things down here is difficult , i order on amazon and have shipped to an import company in san diego . they bring across border , pay tariffs , transportation etc. usually adds about 30 % to cost , but i get what i want and need . that said , i wanted a filter to use with my dishwasher . this culligan looked perfect . got my plumber out and after 4 hrs of labor with 2 guys to run pvc pipe and make a makeshift mounting bracket we were all set , turned water on and filter leaked from the top where the off/on control valve is . other reviews have said this and i should of heeded them . no way to fix the leak or to send back , so i 'm out $ 50 . also with no mounting bracket , it 's very difficult to mount and support . very poor design and construction . stay away from this product . i 'd give it zero strs except there is n't a catagory for that.i 'm getting so tired of foreign made junk products . the last 3 things i ordered on amazon and had shipped down to mexico did n't work . i 'm on my 3rd kwikset code lock . lifetime warranty on mechanical and 3 units have failed in a month . also ordered a black and decker cordless vac and charger was bad . they 're supposed to be shipping a new one . it 's just amazing how construction quality has dropped off .
 La pieza superior que gira y permite cerrar el agua y cambiar el filtro es muy fr&aacute;gil y se rompe f&aacute;cilmente . Al cambiar mi primer filtro a los seis meses , la cerr&eacute; y se atasc&oacute; . Cuando desarm&eacute; el mecanismo v&iacute; que tiene un pin pl&aacute;stico que se rompe f&aacute;cilmente y la hace inservible . Era mejor cuando no ten&iacute;a esa pieza . Adem&aacute;s de que es innecesaria porque uno siempre debe instalar una llave de paso antes del filtro .
 Ordered two of these with the same results . They leak from the top where the bypass valve enters the unit . Had to return them . I went and purchased a GE equivalent that works perfect .
 Currently have one installed -LRB- on outlet from water heater , to trap scale -- ! -RRB- by plumber . Always a pain to change filter
 I replaced a leaking water filter with this one . The old one started leaking around the pipe fittings -LRB- after five years without a problem -RRB- . I could not get the old one to stop leaking so I got this Culligan unit , which is very similar , to replace it . Well , this one leaked from where the clear housing screws into the main housing , where the gasket is . I removed the clear housing several times , made sure the gasket was seated correctly , and basically followed all the instructions to the letter , but could not get this one to stop leaking at all . It went back the next day .
 1 . Far too bright2 . Two numbers became far too dim after a year3 . With mine , when you set the alarm , the alarm starts going off . Only on the second or third time will it actually set the alarm .4 . It has started just ... not working . I set the alarm but it does n't go off in the morning . I was too lazy to take it back when I originally got it , but now I have to buy a new one . Thanks , Emerson .
 Firstly , I have to dismiss complaints of the alarm going off at random . Some people just do n't know how to set a clock and are mixing up the AM/PM settings and/or not pressing the right buttons for the alarm . I had the clock a few weeks now and I have n't discovered any first hand problems.As for the brightness issue , yeah , it dimly lights my room on the low setting allowing me to see dark outlines of most everything . The bright setting is almost like a night light ! However , when life hands you lemons , make lemon aid.I 've been buying extremely bright LED flashlights as back up in case of power outages . With this clock , I can run it off a lead battery with a dc-ac power inverter , thus giving me a working clock AND enough room light to function without eating up my flashlight batteries . The 9 Volt battery backup gives me piece of mind because the alarm will still sound in case of a power outage during the night , providing the battery is not dead . No dead battery indicator that I can see , so that loses half a star . My old clock used 7 AA 's and could loose significant time after several minutes without power , so this is an improvement.The display is .9 '' high , just like my old beloved clock , and are easy to see . With my eyes closed , I ca n't tell it is lighting up the room so I welcome the light for my night time bathroom trips . But that is me . If you have kids afraid of the dark , this clock is great because they have light and learn to sleep WITHOUT a nightlight . If the LED 's do dim as time goes on , they will grow out of the need for a regular nightlight.The dual alarm on my old clock spoiled me and that was a primary purchase reason . It does n't have a `` gentle wake '' cycle , but the `` beeep beeep beeep '' does n't jolt me out of bed either . Loudly jolting me out of bed in the morning can make me nervous all day , but this has n't happened . Maybe not the clock for you if tend to sleep through alarms.The alarm feature is nice because you hit the power button to reset it for the next day . No more forgetting to set the alarm . I 'd rather forget to turn it off for the weekend and go back to bed when it wakes me , than forgetting to set it and be late for work during the week . Nice feature that matched my old clock so it wins points.Wish I remembered the nap timer a few days ago as it would have stopped me from sleeping all afternoon and ruining my sleep pattern . The sleep timer will play the radio for the preset time you choose and turn off by the time you doze off . Just remember , if you choose to wake by radio , the volume will be the same as you left it when you went to bed.I 'm not big on radio but I did turn the volume way up and really did n't get bad distortion . That 's a plus . Now that I drive to work , I can listen to traffic and weather on 1010 WINS while I get ready , another plus.It may never take the place of my old talking clock with day and date , easy set alarms , hourly chimes , and gentle wake theme music , but it is smart looking and I do n't mind the `` night light '' . If room light bothers you when you sleep , try another clock.After 20 + years of having a digital clock with red LED 's , having blue took some getting accustomed to . But , blue is a great color and this is one smart looking clock . With any luck this will be my trusty friend for another 20 years.Addendum
 This clock is the brightest clock ever , even on the lowest setting . Do not buy uless you want a night light in your room . It kept my wife and I awake all night !
 I bought this alarm clock because of it 's brightness control - I just got a taller night stand , so my alarm clock is a little too close to my face and bright . I saw that this alarm clock had a switch to adjust the brightness and I thought . . `` great !! '' Well ... the first night I had it and set it on the lower brightness setting , and it was like I had a flashlight sitting on my night stand ... I could see the SHADOWS of things in the room ... my husband just laughed and laughed . I barely slept . If you want your alarm clock to double as a night light , then this is the one for you ... if not , you 'll likely end up returning it , like I did .
 I purchased this clock based on the features advertised & the sleek design , thinking it would be perfect . I was so wrong . I do n't think the alarms worked properly because I overslept more than once in the short 5 days I owned it . The number display is entirely TOO bright , it lit up the room ! The alarm set buttons on the side are quite small & hard to use . The one feature I liked is the radio on/off button , but that alone was not enough for me to keep this radio . A big disappointment !
 I do agree that this alarm clock has many features , like an AM/FM tuner , a double alarm , and a bright display.But it is very unreliable with its alarms . It did work fine in the 9 months I owned it ; then things started to happen.Five months - The radio quality seem to drop A LOT ! Many stations refused to come in , and it made it almost unusable.Six months - The bright display was much darker when I first bought it . I had a hard time reading the time due to this.Nine months -LRB- THE FINAL STRAW -RRB- - The alarm would not go off at some times . In a month , six alarms did not go off , and I was way behind my day . And to make matters worse , the alarm would go off at random times ; in one time it went off at 1:00 AM , and that was awful.It has a few nice features , but it 's not durable . Unrecommended .
 the alarms just do not work on any regular basis , very unreliable and waste of money
 This is the everything-gone-wrong clock ! The number display is so bright that I have to turn it away from me while I sleep . The buttons and settings do n't work very well . Also , the alarm has n't been very dependable -- it often goes off at random times in the night and fails to go off at the set time for morning .
 When i bought this alarm clock , i thought it looked modern , especially with the blue light and color but i made the biggest mistake ! it does not let me sleep at night because it iluminates my whole room . i tried all the ways for it not to be so bright , i put tissue over it , i turn it the other way but it iluminates the whole wall , the only thing that worked for me is putting it face down , but then that defeats the purpose of having a clock . the radio only plays certain stations and usually i have to position it in funny positions to get the station i want to hear . i wished i would have returned it when i could have . it hurts me to throw money away when i could of bought a cheaper and uglier one and be happy . please dont buy it if you want to sleep comfortably .
 My house was built with 24 '' centers so I could n't use these shelves . The holse they provided on the shelf will only work on 18 '' centers.Let me know if anyone is interesed in some shelves .
 I received this toaster as a housewarming gift , and was pretty happy with the gift . It combines both toast and levity ! I soon found , however , that the actual usage of the toaster left me depressed and empty . First , the plastic lip of the toaster casing is so high , you ca n't just grab the toast extruding from the actual toaster - you have to reach in , resulting in many a singed finger . The actual toast-branding results in a pretty uneven toast , and - finally - there is the question of toaster pastries.If I just wanted a toaster for toast , MAYBE I could deal with the design flaws and my smoking , ashy fingertips . I could remove the metal plates to even the toast.But I do n't just want toast . In fact , if toast were the only thing you could make with a toaster , I 'd probably pass on it . However , we have been blessed with Pop Tarts and other , similar toaster pastries , that marry filling with a crispy shell and , occasionally , some frosting . These are why one needs a toaster . In fact , if the toaster industry more fully understood my viewpoint , toasters would be called `` Pop-Tart-ers '' , and toasting would be a secondary function , just like doorstoppery and acting as a crude cudgel.And Pop Tarts just do n't work in this toaster . Oh , they get hot ! But then you have to play Operation , trying not to burn your fingers on the sides , and then the slim Pop Tarts will fall into the toaster , getting trapped between the heating element and the little stand thing it sits on . I 'm writing this review because I just lost half a Pop Tart , and it 's stuck in the bottom of the toaster , and I 'm basically just calling it quits . Too bad , toaster . You were cute , but CRAZY .
 When you read the instructions for this pan you learn that first , you can never use high heat when cooking in this pan . Secondly , it requires special handling for cleaning . Too much care for me .
 I purchased two of these , but later found that there are cheaper places on the internet to get these - buyer beware . I reported this to the vendor , without reward . HOWEVER , it is a beautiful statue , very heavy , very solid . The jade almost exactly matches the picture . It took a long while for the two statues to arrive . Clearly the packages were individually wrapped and encased in expanding foam - nothing broke . Beautiful gift that everyone enjoyed and have cherished since .
 I got this as a wedding gift and was so excited to have high quality cookware for the first time . Then I cooked with it . The finish is far from stainless and easily scratched . It is difficult to clean , and now 2 years later the large pot that I use pretty much exclusively for boiling pasta and potatoes has spots in the bottom that have eroded . My Chefmate pots from Target are better quality than these .
 I bought these and was generally happy with them until they started exhibiting significant wear on the bottom and side of the pot . I had it less than 8 months , and it has a 3 year warranty on workmanship , so I started that process.The Warranty process is absolutely atrocious :1 - They wo n't tell you over the phone whether the defective pot will quality for the actual warranty or what the specific requirements are .2 - They make you pay for shipping in BOTH directions -LRB- ridiculous considering it is likely their defect -RRB- .3 - They do n't give you a notification that they have received the pot . I had to call and I found out they have had it for over 2 weeks , and the technicians still have n't even LOOKED at it .4 - The process takes 6-8 weeks , but they do n't tell you that when you set it up .5 - The customer support representatives on the phone are rude and seem to know very little about what 's actually happening . And the hold times are terrible.One of the reasons to buy good cookware is that they are supported by a warranty , Cuisinart needs to stop shying away from the process and step up their warranty efforts . At this point I 'll never buy another Cuisinart product again .
 I used all of the great reviews to select these pans , but find that everything sticks , regardless of what we use to grease the pans . As for the clean-up ... there is quite a bit of scrubbing involved , too .
 It worked great for 6 or 7 uses then the brushes stopped turning & while the bearings on each end turned freely the belt would n't turn them . So I emailed the company & they told me to go to a Sears repair center to get a new belt & was told to call the company which I did & they told me to go to a Sears repair center . After slamming down the phone I went out & bought a dirt devil hand vac which I should have done in the first place . Not that expensive but still a waste of time & money .
 I was in the process of trying to find a replacement belt for this hand vacuum when I ran across the reviews and stopped to read them . Yes , it is a great vacuum as far as suction is concerned . It picked up pet hair from the stairs very efficiently . However , the vacuum gets hot very quickly . On two occasions I had to take it apart to remove the cat hair which was preventing the roller from turning and consequently making the vacuum useless . Now the belt has broken and from the reviews I have read it seems I will have quite a time finding a replacement belt.Too bad - it works well when it works - but I have only had it for about 3 months and may have to trash it .
 I loved the first one of these I purchased . It was just wanted I needed , cleaned the stairs and was little hassle . I do n't remember what happened , but part of it broke so we bought another both came from here . It 's belt burned out within 10 minutes , exchanged it for another . This on the agitator would not spin right out of the box . Traded it in again . This time it lasted for 2 months before the belt burned through . Called to get a price for a new belt , but it was more expensive than the unit . I am now convinced that my first one was a fluke of quality .
 At first , I was impressed with this little vacuum . It seemed to work as well as an upright , though extremely loud . However , it 's now a month after buying it , and it no longer works.For being marketed as a vacuum for cleaning pet hair from upholstery and stairs , this vacuum has no internal protection against said hair . When I was using it one day , it stopped picking up anything . I looked at the brush , and it was not turning , though the vacuum was on . Upon turning it off , I discovered that cat hair had built up around one of the bearings on the edge of the brush and was preventing it from moving . Not only that , but the belt had created enough heat from friction that the metal `` gear '' burned a hole in the front plastic , and the belt no longer has enough tension to turn the brush.I could find no stores in my town or online that carry belts for this vacuum , and , despite being advertised as having a 3-year warranty , the company seems to have no website or contact information online.I even tried a belt meant for a handheld Dirt Devil , but it only works for about ten seconds before coming off.Stay away from this vacuum ; spend twice as much and get something that will last .
 If there were a market for disposable vacuum cleaners , this would be the perfect product . It is powerful , but not designed for longevity . Starting the day I took it out of the box , it regularly overheated after several minutes ' use and switched itself off , unusable for at least an hour while it cooled . The manufacturer even mentions this in the owner 's manual , as though it 's a feature . The Shark consistently clogged with pet fur because the opening in the dust receptacle is too narrow , leaving the opening packed with debris while the majority of the receptacle is empty . Finally , it died completely after six disappointing months . There 's a reason this is one of the cheapest hand vacuums -- it 's low quality , amateur engineering and wo n't last . If you need something more , look elsewhere .
 This is an excellent vaccuum when it can be used . We have used our mainly for our stairs where using an upright was next to impossible . It picks up very well . We have had the belt break in it after only about three months of use . We have not been able to locate a replacement belt anywhere for it . The website for the company does n't even offer a replacement . The manual does n't even show it as a component . So be prepared for the same struggle that we are dealing with !!!
 This is a great vac , but it is really loud . I gave it 1 star , as I think this is bad marketing by Euro_pro . It is so loud it made my ears ring . When I contacted the MFG about getting a refund , they had me check for blockage which there was none , and they then told me that the sound was normal . So if you need a great vac , it cleans up after my two cats really well , and you dont mind the loudness , buy this one . Otherwise . . look for something else .
 It overheats every few minutes . Total waste of money . You can not even vacuum a couch in one try . It is marketed for picking up pet hair but you can go over the same spot on a couch 10 times and it still leaves it behind . If you want it for that purpose you would be better off buying a $ 5 Pledge pet hair sweeper.I am writing this review while waiting for my vacuum to cool so I can finish the couch . This thing is going in our next yard sale and we are going to look for something else . Save your money folks .
 I bought this vac to use on my stairs . It worked good the first two times , but the third time I used it the belt broke for no reason . The filters were n't clogged and there was n't any hair stuck on the roller . I called Shark and had to argue with them to send me a replacement belt at no charge . They did , but when it arrived I discovered that out of ALL my husbands hand tools we did n't have the right tool to open the darn thing . Too bad I threw the box out because now I ca n't return this piece of junk .
 The first couple of uses were OK , but then the beater bar bearings seized . Look elsewhere if you 're looking for relaibility
 Although this little vacuum worked GREAT the first few times , it broke right after that . I was very disappointed because it had GREAT suction -LRB- although louder than my upright vacuum -RRB- , was compact , and the attachments attached without falling off repeatedly . I am the type of person to empty the dirt canister after each vacuum job so I know that was n't what did it in . Funny thing is when I went to return it the people in line ahead of me were also returning the same Shark !!! I clearly see an ongoing prob with this product .
 Bought one of these about six months ago . It worked great at first , but then in normal operation hair got wrapped around the brush and it was impossible to remove . Because of this the belt stopped spinning and burned out.A couple of days ago for lack of better choices I had to buy another . This one lasted two whole days and perhaps fifteen minutes of total usage before it too burned out ! The nerve of these folks is that to take advantage of the `` warranty '' you have to include 9.95 for shipping !
 This unit overheats after 10 minutes of use . It did n't need to be cleaned because it was new out of the box . Took it back , got another and it did the same thing . When I am cleaning , I do n't want to wait 30 minutes for a piece of gear to cool down . This item is worthless .
 I bought this Shark vac from walmart . I 'm going to have to buy another one take the belt out and return it to walmart.I tried for several weeks to find a new belt I could buy , but there are none to buy . . this practic is a last resort . . maybe if the shark company gets enough new vac 's returned missing the belt they will offer a replacement belt . . Also it worked great after I finally read the directions . . this thing works so good it needs to be cleaned before every use.I drive a Semi truck and having a vac that will clean my truck without emmiting dust itself is awesome . . but the belt burned up too soon ...
 This vaccuum cleaner did not last long at all -LRB- 6 months -RRB- When the brush no longer would spin , and it had no suction , I opened the bottom of the vaccuum to find the belt broken . I called the company to find out what size belt to replace it with and I was told I could n't replace just the belt but the whole nozzle head ! $ 89.99 plus 12.95 shipping and handling . I will never buy this product again , I feel I was ripped off !
 I have this vacuum cleaner and it is going back to the store . The cord is too long , the hose is too short , the cup is too small and needs emptied too frequently . The unit heats up hot and has warped it 's own plastic . It loses suction if you do n't place the filter and cup back on exactly precisely , and this is not an easy feat to accomplish ! When you remove the cup , it is by design upside down on top of the unit , so guess what ? All the dust spills out when you unscrew the top . It is pretty awkward and difficult to remove the cap and cup , so if you thought you were going to hold it over top the garbage pail and get off easy , forget it . It wo n't come off until you put it on the floor where you can get some leverage and spill the dust back onto the floor . Happy cleanup!No additional tools , accessories or support for this unit are available on the manufacturer web site . All hand held corded vacuum cleaners are UNKNOWN by this manufacturer . Support is a foreign call center , and they have no information that is not written into their pre-written scripts .
 Unit works fine out of the box . It needs to be cleaned after each use . It is very noisy and runs very hot . The unit will cut off do to overheating if it is not kept clean or if you run it to long . I have found that it really does not work as well as I had hoped . I use it in my RV .
 I had a little hand held dirt devil vac and seen this shark one . Somewhat cheaper so I thought i would give it a try . What can I say it 's a peice of crap . would never own another one . Sometimes I do n't even make it down my stairs and it shuts off due to overheating . It overheats just about everytime I use it . Does n't pick up very well either . Will definitely pay alittle more for the dirt devil by far the best .
 I just bought this little vac yesterday from WM. It 's quite loud - SOUNDS like it should be a good vac . However , I bought it to clean up kitty litter that has been kicked out of the box onto tile . It does not suck up that much litter , in fact , the brush kicks the litter all over the place I have just vacuumed . It takes longer than using a brush and dust pan . I used it twice and am now returning it .
 For a vacuum that works well when it 's working , I am incensed that I have spent the same amount of money replacing belts as I did on the vacuum . The belts are IMPOSSIBLE to find , cost a fortune and you have to practically take the whole machine apart to install one . Nothing in the directions or website even address the subject of belt replacement . At this point , it is going to the thrift store for someone else to agonize over and I 'm going to bite the bullet and buy something else . Any suggestions ?
 I bought this vacuum for small cleanups around the house.Initially I thought it was ok and used it for a couple of months . My mistake , I should have returned it right away . It is loud , gets hot quickly and does a poor job picking anything-up . I called customer support , waited on hold for along time , when I did speak to them they were not any help , all they did was ask for my name , number and S/N of the vacuum . When I put the phone down for 30 seconds to get the information they hung-up . I 've since given-up and threw the vacuum in the recycle bin , that 's all it 's good for .
 Bought this hand vacuum and initially was very please with it 's performance , however it shut it self off the first time I used it after 15 minutes , because of `` overheating '' . So OK I 'll wait 45 minutes , clean out the filters and try again . 5 minutes later , it turns off . After a week of trying to use this thing a gave up a called Shark . So , after spending a half hour getting to customer service , gave them my name , and phone number so they could set up an account for me , they tell me to send the vac to them . I mention postage and they tell me it 's not refundable . What 's the point . The product should not have to be returned to work right . This is the second Shark hand vac product I have purchased . IT was cordless and the battery was dead after 10 minutes of use . I took it back . I will never purchase another Shark product again . I suggest anyone thinking about buying this or any other Shark product , DO NOT BUT IT .
 motor burned out within a month
 I should have searched this product out BEFORE purchase . Bought this for one purpose . Cleaning a flight of stairs that is hard to do with full size vac . I was able to clean just 2 stairs . . then the belt breaks . I am taking it back and getting a refund . Many folks have commented on the same problem and no place to get replacement belts ? Come on guys ... I will find another brand
 I literally used this vacuum twice , and it no longer works . I tried cleaning it , I thought maybe it had clogged . No dice . I emptied it , cleaned the filter , everything I could think of . It wo n't even turn on . I tried it in different outlets , in case it was my plug-in that was n't working . I tried everything because I just could n't believe how little I had used it before it just completely stopped working . I wish I had n't thrown the box away , so I could return it.The two times I used this item , it did work great . Especially at pet hair ! But do not buy this item , because it wo n't last . Two uses is just comical . I ca n't imagine how it passed any sort of quality control .
 It works great , but the filter is so difficult to clean & reassemble it hardly seems worth the trouble . It cloggs easily and often so it overheats and shuts off . We bought 5 for our cleaning service . Would not want another one .
 With two dogs who sleep on the upstairs steps , the stairs need a lot of vacuuming.My wife purchased the Shark V1510 vacuum with hope that it would help make that chore easier than using our upright.It failed miserably.It fills up too fast , it clogs too easily , it heats up when it 's clogged and then stops running.It does n't seem to have enough suction to vacuum much anyway.The attachment does n't work very well and when you try to flip the lid over the brush to get more suction for the attachment , the lid usually comes off the vacuum.Also the flexible hose is way too strong.The unit is always being pulled by that hose so you have to hold the unit and the attachment in order to use it.That can be dangerous when working on stairs.Great price , nice looks but that 's about it.I 've delegated it to the garage.Maybe it 'll be enough to use on the carpets in the cars .
 This product has a serious design flaw . When we first vacuumed the stairs with it it made it down the first set before it got so warm that I turned it off for a while . After an hour or two I went back and did the last half . About a week later I did it again but this time tried to just straight shoot it . Not my best idea ... . After 10 stairs it turned off and became a giant paper weight . This is not a product that I would recommend purchasing unless the place has a very good return policy because you will have to exchange it.Our second one lasted just about as long so we ended up switching brands to something that has a little less suction but has longer then a 10 min life span .
 Maybe I got a defective unit , but it had very faint suction . Once there was the least little bit of hair or fuzz on the filter there was aboslutely no suction . Hold your hand up to the business end and you wo n't even feel air moving.The instructions recommend emptying the vacuum and washing the filter after every use , but the filter is supposed to be allowed to dry for 24 hours . Makes no sense .
 I bought this item and was satisfied with it for the first 100 days or so until it completely stopped working . Euro Pro support is HORRIBLE . It took them 6 weeks from the date I called them to send me a new adapter ; my unit still did not work with the new adapter . Then they told me they could fix it , but would charge me shipping and handling both ways . I am just going to throw it out and buy the Dirt Devil I should have bought in the first place . I had one that I bought used and worked for years .
 The price seemed right , but the amount I paid for this -LRB- on sale -RRB- was wayyyy too much . My model literally could n't pick up the little peices of paper from a hole-puncher on my desk -LRB- or on my carpet -RRB- . When I first used the carpet sweeper attatchment I thought it was working but it turned out that all the dirt was just getting picked up in the brush -LRB- that is , until the brush was full -RRB- . The manual said it would work better after a few charges but I 've put some serious socket / carpet time into this vacuum with no results . Do n't waste your money .
 This vacuum did NOT suck up anything . I bought it to use on our hardwood floors to pick up dog hair and it left a track of hair and basically just pushed it around from place to place . The only thing that worked well was that it got very close to the edges of our walls , I think that 's why it gets one star , rather than none .
 Do n't waste your money . I have a model very similar to this , except it 's sold in Canada , it 's purple , and it does not say Shark on it . It 's made by Euro Pro and is otherwise identical.Within a month the rotating brush clogged with hair and jamme - I 'd used it twice . I stopped the vacuum right away to clear it , but it was too late . The gear on the side of the brush had overheated in seconds and broke in pieces , rending that attachment useless.I planned to deal with customer service on this issue , but was already very unhappy with them because of an order I 'd placed for replacement filters . They sell the product in Canada , but you can only order filters from the US . I placed an order and waited ... and waited . I noticed they had charged my credit card , and then refunded it 2 weeks later . I 'd received no notice of a cancelled order . Just my luck , they charged me when the exchange rate was higher , so my refund was less than my original purchase . I called to ask why I 'd been refunded and the rep was useless and rude . She said she 'd just place the order again . I wanted to know why the first order was cancelled before ordering again , and she ignored me and offered to re-order . I asked again what happened the first time , and she said that obviously I was at fault and clearly they had been mailed out and returned as I had not been home to receive them . I pointed out that I 'd recieved no notice of shipping , no parcel notice from my post office , and no notice of return , and asked if her files showed any delivery attempts or noted a returned order . She ignored me and offered to reorder in an exasperated tone . I asked again , and she checked the file -LRB- you 'd think I 'd have been asking her to jump through a flaming hoop -RRB- , said there was no inoformation about a package ever shipping or being returned , but refused to explain why she 'd insisted this was so . I asked again why they had been cancelled and she said she would re-order them . I said I did not want to re-order until I knew what the problem had been , and wanted to know if the items were even in stock . She said she had no idea of they were in stock , but if I would just reorder them I 'd find out if they arrived a few weeks later -LRB- I 'm serious , she said this -RRB- . Again , I asked to know why the first order had been refunded and noted that I 'd lost money on it , and that they should not have taken my money in the first place if they did not have the items . She said again , `` look , I can just order them again . This went on for some time and finally I said `` look , I 'm asking you a direct question and I 'd appreciate if you would stop ignoring me and at least attempt to find out . '' She finally replied , `` look , I do n't know , but I can reorder them , okay ? You do n't need any more information on that order . `` I was so ticked , but wanted to have some spare filters so I did place the order and gave up in disgust . For the next six months I got a monthly card in the mail saying they were out of stock . The canadian postage label covered any information about who the cards were from , so for the first few months I could not figure out who was sending them -LRB- they just said `` a product you have ordered is not available and will be sent when new stock arrives in a few days . '' Brilliant . -RRB- Six months later I finally got my filters . These are a standard item for a model that is in current production.Their rep has been so useless and so rude that I decided it was not worth getting service for the item -LRB- oh , you have to ship it back to the US to get it fixed -RRB- . This model has lousy suction , and spits up half of what is does pick up when you turn it off -LRB- shut if off over your garbage pail -RRB- . The filters get clogged fast , and tons of dust seeps out around the seams . I use it to pick up small grain cat little from my carpet and it yacks it all back up if I tip it at all . It loses suction after picking up only a tiny amount of dust , even with a clean filter . The front can be very hard to get latched back on after you empty it.It 's a very poor quality product , but their customer service is even worse . I got the feeling that the person I spoke to just wanted me off the phone , though I began by being very polite to her.I 'll never buy a EuroPro product again . I do n't think I just got a faulty model , because all aspects of the product are bad quality . Also , because the service is so poor , you ca n't rely on any assistance if the model breaks . It 's too risky.I have a Bissel carpet cleaner that is head and shoulders above the quality of any other vacuum product I 've owned . All of the little details are superior . Buy Bissel if you can .
 MSN Direct was shut down on January 1 , 2012 . WMS801 AND WMS802 do NOT wotk completely without mdn direct active .
 Unit was offered at a good price and arrived promptly . Unfortunately , it was poorly packed and , as a result , was damaged in shipping . It appeared as if the face of the radio had been bouncing on the electrical prongs of the transformer . The left side polished metal panel had a couple dozen dings and the plastic screen cover had a 3/4 '' scratch , 1/2 '' of which was over the viewing part of the screen . It was not received in the immaculate shape it was described as . Following the directions provided by the Amazon website , I emailed the seller and asked for his return policy and have received no reply in over a month . What can I say ?
 . . I 've set it outside , clear view of the sky , etc. . Held down the button to get it to resync , but after a week , I 'm convinced this is just an overpriced paperweight now . Find another brand.It 's annoying that everything breaks in a year and fills up our landfills . I would gladly pay more for things that last . I remember the days when a clock/alarm would work for 20 + years before it needed to be replaced . Maybe it 's time to hit the flea markets for a retro 70s bedside clock/alarm .
 The unit works partially as advertised and correctly receives and displays the current outdoor temperature , humidity , time and date.However all four days of forecast are wildly incorrect . The MSN weather source here in my large metropolitan area must be sending bogus data to the weather station . I 've compared the WMS802 forecast to the local TV broadcasters and Internet sources such as AccuWeather . They are correct and the WMS802 is not.Investigation reveals that MSN Direct service is now targeted to the latest GPS mobile devices and annual subscriptions . For some reason these devices do n't display the four day forecast . Further MSN Direct offers no support for Oregon Scientific owners . Oregon Scientific support says they will get back with you promptly - within SEVEN business days ! Lastly MSN Direct charges $ 129 for a lifetime subscription fee for each device . Looks like Oregon Scientific customers are caught in the middle with no way out.I was hoping to eliminate maintaining my own outdoor sensor by purchasing the WMS802 , but I have no choice but to go back . Finally the display is designed for desktop use only . Otherwise the text is too small .
 I read that MSN Direct -LRB- the service that provides the data to the weather station -RRB- is to be discontinued on 1/1/12 . That means you will only have a digital clock and humidity readouts after that date . What a waste of money this instrument has been . Do n't waste your dollars on this one !
 The 801 would get 5 stars and was a very good product however on June 1 2011 MSNDIRECT stopped sending data rendering the unit useless . Oregon Scientific is no longer connected with MSN DIRECT and is no longer listed as a supported product . If you are considering purchasing one do n't !!!!!!!!!!!! I have 2 units available that I am considering throwing out . If you know of some useful purpose please leave me a comment . Weather Direct has an excellent product that runs off the internet . Brookstone also has an excellent set of weather devices using Ambient . These are superior , less expensive and more reliable substitutes .
 Really enjoyed this unit when we first bought it . So much so , we bought a second one for the office . Then as time passed , we realized the area covered -LRB- near DC -RRB- was so large , we constantly get warnings . It seems there 's always a coastal flood advisory or some such around here , but not really near me . Similarly , the `` outside '' temp for the region bears little resemblance to our actual location and temp . And it seems to predict rain a lot , and I 'm sure it actually does rain - somewhere.The region is just too large , at least around here , for the thing to be of much use . But it is good looking.BTW , do n't lose your instructions . They are n't available at the Oregon Scientific web site .
 This was a good idea , but now that MSN has dropped its service , this is obsolete . As of 1/1/2012 it no longer works .
 I live in the Northwest , where they say if you do n't like the weather , wait 10 minutes . So even though the forecasts sometimes leave something to be desired , so do the forecasts of all the local weather professionals , so that aspect is about a toss-up . My complaint is , there 's no way to keep the indigo blue backlight lit so I can read the info I bought it for . The front is highly reflective glass at a reclining angle , so it catches the ceiling light and everything on my desk between my seating position and the weather forecaster . What a pain in the butt!Nice product , but again , not for your desk , just for bedside or other places where you can reach over and punch the button if you need a nightlight .
 had to return it and when I called the seller , he was surprised to hear the network had been discontinued in Jan. 2012 ! Without the network , it 's a door stop -LRB- to quote another owner , found when I tried to investigate why the device would n't work -RRB-
 Poor design . Wx readings inaccurate unless the reporting station in your town . VERY Bright blue lights on sides of unit make it unusable for bedroom . Screen hard to read . And to top it off , my unit quit working 4 days after I received it . Sent back . Not a good product .
 When the packaging includes information on how to report missing pieces , that should be a clue . How often does a company have to forget a piece or two before someone gets the fact that they have a problem in their packing process?Mine came with ONE battery and no adapter . Batteries are meant as back-up and NOT primary power source and lasted 4 days . The adapter plug is at a 90 degree angle and configured in such a way that not even Radio Shack had an adapter that fits . Two days of checking with various stores - I could not find a single 6 volt adapter which worked.I will NEVER purchase another product from Oregon Scientific .
 I got this as a Christmas gift in 2006 . It worked beautifully as soon as I plugged it in , and I really enjoyed using it . The problem came after a year.One day it had a message that it had lost the signal from MSN . I tried moving the unit closer to the window , I tried bringing up to the highest point in the house , and it still did n't work . I thought maybe my area had been dropped from the MSN service , so I called Oregon Scientific . They assured me that my area was still covered , and recommended unplugging the unit for 24 hours . I tried this and the problem still existed.So , I brought the unit to my work in New York City where coverage is very strong - and it still did n't work . So I took it apart to see if the antenna was loose - but it was n't . So basically something is wrong , the unit can not pick up the signal anymore , but there is no obvious reason why.Oregon Scientific customer service was not able to help me further as the warrantee is only for one year , and by the time I had gone through all my trouble-shooting steps it was over a year . So , I am left with a $ 120 paperweight.My story may be unusual , there may be units that have been operating for years without issue , but I am definitely disappointed and will think very carefully before purchasing another OS product -LRB- at least one with the MSN service -RRB- .
 BE carefull - as Microsoft has announced that MSN direct is going offline in 2012 . If I understand it corectly this weather station will stop working at that time.google search for MSN Direct and read the details .
 I 've just learned about MSN Direct not supporting the weather feeds to this product . It 's worthless now . It was pretty cool when it worked now it 's an oversized indoor thermometer . You would think Oregon Scientific would be smart enough to figure out how to send another feed from another source .
 I bought this $ 149 device with the expectation that I would receive decent signal from MSN Direct . Alas , it was only after I received the device and read the accompanying manual that I discovered the signal is via FM network . I can not get a decent FM signal inside my house , and I doubt that I can get it at my office , where I intended to keep the Regional Weather Station . Yes , I 've tried setting the device by an upper story window with clear access to the sky -- no go . I wish I knew a way of boosting the signal to the foot long wire sensor.Otherwise , the device would seem to be wonderful , as it bears all the various weather tracking features in an attractive package . The indiglo feature is especially nice for those intances when I might look up the summer night temperature to verify that its really as sweltering as it seems at 2:00 am.But without that reception , this is just a wildly overpriced indoor thermo/hygrometer .
 This was a terrific product but it depended on MSN Direct -- Yes , THAT Microsoft as in Bill Gates , Steve Ballmer , drowning in cash , one of the world 's most valuable companies -- for a signal to operate . The boys at One Microsoft Way , Redmond , WA 98052 , decided that there were better ways of separating you from your money and pulled the plug . So you can buy it but it 's useless other than telling you the time and temperature inside your home . I bought one for my wife for the kitchen and while it worked it was a five star appliance . Now , it 's scrap for the heap . I do n't know what culpability Oregon Scientific has in this . At the very least they showed poor judgment selling a product without a long term commitment from their teammate to support their -LRB- not cheap -RRB- products . But take heart fleecees , Gates has pledged to leave most of his estate to charity . So it 's supposedly all good .
 I have owned this weather station for several years . From what I read it will stop working in 2012 because Microsoft is pulling the plug on MSN Direct services which is where this weather station gets it 's data . I am surprised they are still selling this device considering the drop dead date is 2 months away.Here is the MSN info :[ ... -RSB-
 MSN Diect , the service that provided the weather data to this device , was shut down in Jan 2012 . . This device will no longer get weather forecast ; it will only give temperature and other limited info . Useless . Very deceitful that this product is still sold .
 Nice look but the weighting is completely inaccurate . It always shows weight about 10 % smaller than the real weight . No way for cooking measurement . Better to be a toy for children .
 Ordered this item , but slow and super expensive delivery charges . Cancelled , but it was mailed out anyhow and I refused acceptance .
 This is the first time I have ever submitted a review , but I felt strongly enough that I needed to let others know that there are serious issues with this item . In theory , this is a great desk . I wanted it for my living room so that I could work when I needed to at home , and then tuck it out of the way when appropriate . First , I am no amateur when it comes to assembling furniture . We 'll just suffice it to say , I have assembled many pieces , with others and on my own . Second , the cam locks this came with were not the ordinary standard cam locks and instead of using metal guides for the drawers , I was given little strips of wood . Okay , I was game . Until ... I saw how much wood glue they provided . Two little tubes . Tiny . AND they expected you to glue the drawers together as well as each side of the desk for the grooves to the wood glides . Simple ... got more wood glue on my own . But still , even after letting it set and using some clamps . It did n't seem very sturdy.But I wanted to use my new desk . So I put all my supplies in ... not overloaded by any means . I could still see drawer space on the bottom . Nothing heavy on top at all . I think I might have put my laptop on it once . -LRB- I was scared to leave it there . -RRB- I used the desk for maybe two days and the bottom cam lock started to go . One of the issues is you 've got these really heavy fold-down pieces supported by not very much desk . There are some cam locks but other than that it 's the wooden glides and the drawers . I tried to save it ... a couple of times . But it was a lost cause . So the bottom cam locks that were bearing most of the weight tore through the bottom support and the whole thing folded in on itself . : -LRB- Definitely not worth $ 150 . Now to be fair , this was all around holiday season and I did n't even try to contact the manufacturer or seller to see if they would do anything to make it right , but I would definitely not purchase anything made by this manufacturer again . I thought this would be the perfect desk and the price was n't that bad , but in the end , it was too good to be true .
 The desk/cart looks good from a distance - however it is made of compressed cardboard with wood-look PAPER covering . The entire piece is held together with glue - I did substitute Gorilla wood glue . MOST of the screws lined up but not all . Drawers are 1/4 '' cardboard - only the paper on the corners and glue holds the drawer fronts on ! So do n't put anything heavy in them . I chose this style because of the more substantial legs but they are really folded 1/4 '' cardboard just like the drawers with particle board inserted for the casters . Not happy for the price .
 As much money as you pay it looks like the desk would have had more screws to hold it together . Honestly the whole side with the drawers are basically held together by glue . They give you this 1oz bottle of glue and expect you to glue the whole thing together . That thing set in my living room floor for two days until I had time to go to the store to buy more glue so I could finish putting it together . After it was put together , the desk is fairly nice but for 130.00 it should have been better constructed than it was . The drawers -- completely held together by glue , small screws hold the handles on but the entire drawer is nothing but glue , so forget putting anything heavy in them .
 I am only able to review the company and not the table because I never received it . After several reminders to them I finally just cancelled the order . After three weeks of not receiving the order and several inquiries through emails , they responded saying it would be shipped that week . It was n't , so I cancelled .
 bought it because i love canister vacuums , but was not happy with it on my carpets . it does clean hard floors very easily though . but would not recommend this to anybody .
 It is impossible to find replacement bags . I tried calling Euro Pro and they keep me on hold for 10 minutes and hang up on me . The website is non-existent and I have tried every vaccuum cleaner store -LRB- including online -RRB- . There are no bags to be found . What is worse is that the company does n't seem to care . I will NEVER buy a Euro Pro product again .
 What a peice of junk ! Almost immeidtaely , the cord stopped retracting , then we ran out of bags and discovered that none were to be had . After much effort , I found their website , which listed bags . I ordered them they never came . I called the company and after about 30 minutes on hold a very bored person came online . I told her I ordered bags but they 'd never arrived . `` Oh '' she said . `` OH '' ????!!!! After MUCH prying , she finally deigned to tell me that the vacuum was discontinued and so , she `` guessed , '' were the bags.STELLAR COMPANY . WHAT TREMENDOUS CUSTOMER SERVICE.I suggest buying from this company only if you are very bored , want to spend a lot of time on hold on the phone , and do n't really want to vaccum anyway .
 Impossible to find replacement bags !!! Only used it 6 times and already the cord retract does not work .
 Like the others who have experienced the incredible angst of owning this cute , compact vacuum , I add that there is no possible way to find replacement bags . When I bought the vacuum it was on sale -LRB- first red flag -RRB- at Best Buy . Going back to get replacement bags , they still had the item on their computer but no one knew nothin ' about no replacement bags . The search , which continued through many stores and myriad websites led me to conclude I was sunk . Then my partner checked Amazon for their reviews and my fears were solidified , it was a dead end and I was left , pardon the pun , holding the bag . I implore Amazon not to sell these anymore , but it 's still here . Oh well , we tried !
 This vacuum has only a few good things going for it . It has good suction -LRB- but only the nozzle , not with the head attached -RRB- , it has retractable cord button , and is very portable . The bad parts are that it has very poor suction with the attachments , the attachment -LRB- singular , since it only came with the head -RRB- is horrible for carpet and either sucks the carpet and gets stuck or does not pick anything up at all . This vacuum is only good for vacuuming corners and small spaces with the hose .
 Use the broomstick.Luckily I bought extended warrenty and so got 2nd one . It overheats after doing every bedroom . Then you clean all 3 filters make your hands dirty and vacuum all the mess you created while cleaning filter.Do not but it . Do not accept is as a gift . If it is in the box return for something else .
 This vacuum cleaner is TERRIBLE and a complete waste of money . It overheats very quickly & takes forever to cool off so that you can continue vacuuming . The filters clog up quickly & easily making the vacuum lose suction . There 's also hardly any suction when you use the tool attachments . When you empty the canister , dust flies everywhere ! We ended up replacing it after only a few months with a Hoover Windtunnel Supreme -LRB- HEPA filtration with a special allergen bag -RRB- & are much happier with it .
 My Shark vacuum 's adjustable handle broke after only a month of use . Then , to make matters worse , it recently starting overheating and spontaneously shutting off , forcing me to vacuum only one room at a time . And this vacuum was n't cheap ! The Shark company makes little or no effort to fix its products , and I have been left with a near useless vaccum that I have only had for one year . Do n't waste your time
 I purchased this at another store , and I wish I had read the reviews ahead of time . My mom sang the praises of her smaller shark , and I decided to purchase one . After a few minutes it overheats and is useless . The safety feature causes the periods where you CAN vaccuum to be way too short . I actually have to vaccuum the rest of the house with another vaccum . DO NOT RECOMMEND this if you a busy professional , as the overheating is very annoying .
 It 's horrible ; ca n't clean ; very dirty ; and a waste of money ! I 'm checking other reviews as I type to buy another vaccuum . This one 's going in the trash . I have two dogs and it shuts off every 10 minutes of vaccuuming from overheating . I can actually see the dirt flying everywhere but into the vaccuum . Do n't waste your money or your time shopping for this .
 I am now using my SECOND Shark pursuit . THe first one had the annoying habit of shutting itself off after using it for 15 or 20 minutes . I returned it to get another one , thinking I had a defective unit . Amazingly enough , the SECOND one does the same thing . I called the Euro-Pro folks and they said the machine was overheating and the filter needed to be cleaned out . Well , folks , even after cleaning it out , washing it with clean water adn then letting it dry for 24 hours -- it STILL shut itself off . This machine is AWFUL ! I will be returning this item . BEWARE ALL OF YOU !!
 I have had nothing but problems with this particular vacuum . I live in a small apartment and it does not get very dirty . However , this vacuum cleaner will shut itself off after only 10 minutes of use . To re-start it I have to turn off , un-plug , and wait 45 minutes to start it up again . I have spoken to others who have had this same problem and tried to send it to the company for repairs under the warranty . It would cost them more to ship it than the vacuum cost in the first place . It 's a terrible product , so do not waste your money .
 Too bad they do n't give you a negative star rating to choose from . This vaccum worked great for about the first month . After that it cuts off after vaccuming one room . I am about ready to throw in the lake ! I would take it back to Foley 's and tell them what a bad product they are selling but it has been too long . I kept fooling around washing the filters , letting them dry -LRB- which takes almost two days for them to dry ! -RRB- and trying to vaccum again thinking it would get better , after all it was n't a cheap cleaner . It does however pick up massive amounts of carpet deodrizer -LRB- you know that white powder you sprinkle on the floor -RRB- that my son 's Oreck leaves behind . But after a couple of minutes it cuts off from being hot and filters clogged , so what good is that ? I will just throw it in the dumpster because if I give it away , that person might become so frustrated they may throw it at me through my window !! LOL Seriously , this cleaner belongs in the dumpster !
 I bought a shark , the red model , with a little battery-charged sweeper . I hate the vacuum . The dirt , `` cup '' is hardly bigger than a coffee cup and fills up within minutes . After a couple of months it just quit picking up . I do like the little sweeper for floors though . I would not recommend it . You would be better off with a automobile hand-held vacuum .
 Purchased this vacuum to replace a bissell that stunk . This vacuum was great at first , great suction , picked up alot of the dog hair my other vacuum missed . Easy to empty but then if the filters are not cleaned after every vacuum the vacuum losses suction . Then there is the problem of if you use it to long it shuts off and you have to wait for it to cool down I geuss in order for it to turn on again . Needless to say I returned it and got my money back .
 Do not buy this product . It overheats constantly . I have a dust vac with this company that seams to work fine . They gave me that `` free '' with the purchase of my vacum . It is a lemon and a complete waste of your money . I do not trust this brand name or anything associated with this brand name .
 I purchased this vacuum several years ago and after one year , sold it to someone else for 40 dollars ... . I went out and bought a Dyson instead at a considerably higher price . The vacuum has a very cheap plastic feel and although it tries to mimic the design of a Dyson , it is all looks no substance . Suction was ok . I did like the light on the front of it though and thought that was a good idea . In the end do yourself a favor spend more money on a better quality unit .
 My husband and I received this vacuum as a wedding gift after watching an info commercial on how great this vacuum was -LRB- our first mistake was the info commercial -RRB- . I was so excited as a new bride to vacuum my apt with a brand new vacuum that did n't have a bag to change out as I had been doing since I was a kid.Everything was ok until I went out to the dumpster to empty the canister . Thinking it just opened and the contents fell out , I pulled on the lever and the entire contents including the filter went into the dumpster.Half and hour later after I had mangaged to fish the parts out of the dumpster with a broom handle , I had to wash the filter which did n't dry for 3 days!After that experience , it only got worse ! We have short , cheep carpet in our apt that should be a breeze to vacuum , but instead , I find that the only thing that it picks up is the carpet deoderizer and sometimes , not even that!It also stopped working , which at the time I did n't know it was due to overheating . We had only had it a year.The attachments are a pain in the you-know-what to use ... should I go on or are you convince yet?I am so over this vacuum ! I was going to sell it , but my husband thought that it would be mean to sell it for even $ 20 to some poor soul.We are saving our money and buying a Dyson ... The only thing this shark did was take a HUGE bite out of my patience ! Save yourself and RUN !!!!!
 I have had this vacuum for four years . When it is working , it is wonderful . But that 's the rub . It simply does n't work very long . It has an emergency overheating shutoff . So you do n't get to do too much vacuuming before it quits . My advice is to try something else . It is annoying feature and there is no way to judge how long it will work . This Shark bit me bad .
 This was the best thing since sliced bread for about 4 months . Then it entered a slow and steady decline . It overheats , smells like it 's burning , and the suction is laughable ... or would be laughable I guess if I was n't so ticked off at the effort I have to put in to vacuuming one little area rug . I think my husband and I got caught up in the marketing when we purchased this . I wish we had done better research .
 I have had this vacuum for a couple of years now , and it has been completely un-usable from the start . It shuts down after 1 or 2 rooms , and you have to wait a few hours . Cleaning it is a pain , as you have to take the cannister completely apart and dust is in everything . I will only purchase a bag type vacuum in the future , bagless is just not worth the hassle , and this Shark Pursuit is an extreemly poor design .
 What a piece of junk ! My maid brings her old upright because she wo n't carry this heavy machine upstairs and it really does n't clean at all . After a new years party we had some spanish nut halves on our hardwood floor and the vac would n't pick any of them up on the hardwood setting with the brush/beater turned off . It would barely move them . If it ca n't pick a half of a peanut up why even bother wassting all of those watts . After my first test run on the carpet there was nothing in the cannister . Guess my maid 's must have cleaned up every spec of dust before I tried it . Another review stated `` wish we had negative numbers . ''
 I purchased this vacuum after returning 2 Bissell Clean View II units where the beater bar locked up and melted . Although this vacuum has not had that problem , it is relatively WORTHLESS for basic vacuuming . I wonder if the folks at Euro-Pro even attempted to vacuum pet hair or anything else with it ? You have to pass over something 3 , 4 or 5 times to pick up visible debris - can you imagine what it is leaving behind deep in the carpet ? The ONLY nice feature is the ability to turn off the beater bar when you are using the tool attachment , which I should add works like a tool attachment should . I have owned this vacuum for about 6 months , and plan on DONATING it to someone who does n't have a vacuum , as this unit is better then not having one at all ! That 's not much of a compliment .
 Recieved as christmas gift , only a month after use we 've burned up multiple bands . works well , when it works , not that it ever does !!!! Do not buy !!!!!!!!! Didnt want to even give it one star !!!!!!!!!!!
 I got mine for Christmas , 4.5 months later the belt broke . It takes 8 weeks to get a new belt . You can not buy parts for these vacuums anywhere but through the company . They do n't even stock a simple parts such as a belt . I do n't know about you , but have you ever tried to last 8 weeks without vacuuming ? I bought a reputable vacuum today and the Shark is going to the goodwill !
 Every aspect of this cleaner is cheap and worthless . It does n't pick up nearly the same amount as other cleaners and has quickly been falling apart since I bought it . - The brush head mechanism broke after 5 months . - The lightbulb on the front broke after a week . - The hose popped out of the main body . - Stretching the hose even slightly causes the unit to topple over . It 's extremely dangerous and scary to have the whole unit come crashing down on wooden floors . Thankfully it missed me whilst I was crouching to get under the sofa.There 's a reason why this cleaner is so cheap . A quick inspection instore would have taught me to avoid this piece of junk . * UPDATE - 8/4/05 * My machine has now devloped the overheating problem and has just switched off like the other reviewers describe . I 'm leaving the states in a few months so it 's not worth buying a new one . The day I leave I 'm gon na smash this piece of ... um ... garbage to bits and buy a Dyson in the UK .
 First off , it does overheat alot . Second , the filters are always getting clogged which makes it not have a very strong suction power . You sometimes have to clean out the filters each time you vacuum . It 's so not worth the money . It does n't even pick up stuff on the hardwood floors . Not good .
 I do n't even own this vacuum , luckly . However , I borrowed it from my friend since our own vacuum is beyond help . Obviously , this vacuum does n't put us in a much better situation . It 's complete garbage though , it will last about 3-5 minutes with a mid-way -LRB- by the `` full '' line -RRB- filled canister , and about 5-10 with it completely empty . I 've owned a kenmore that 's still kicking strong after 15 years , and this Shark vacuum still has the tags and stickers on it . Going to recommend my friend to return it while she can . Trolls need not bother saying `` WELL CLEAN THE FILTER MORE LOLZ ! '' , because while that effects how long it 's short time span is , it never lasts longer than 10 minutes . It 's just a horrible vacuum.Never going to buy from this brand again , and will make sure to pass it on to friends , and obviously you folks . -LRB- note
 As like all the others have said it overheats and takes hours to clean the whole house . Would not but this product .
 I needed a new vacuum cleaner and decided to spend a little more than I usually do , thinking that I would be purchasing something of higher quality and performance , but this ended up being the most expensive and poorest performing vacuum cleaner I have ever owned . It has great suction at first , but it quickly weakens as the filters clog up . At most I can only vacuum two rooms without having to empty the canister . Emptying the canister is always a mess , trying to remove dust from three filters is very unpleasant . The belts have weakened and can hardly rotate the brushes , it overheats constantly and can taken up to several hours to cool down , and the smell ... what is that smell that lingers in the air after I vacuum ? I have kept the vacuum cleaner too long and now I ca n't return it . I simply dread vacuuming now and am in the market for a different machine .
 I really liked it when I first bought it . It has a cool look . However , just now , I was frightened by it since it suddenly shut off after I have vacummed for 7 min ... ! I 've bought it for 3 months only ... please do n't die ... . I kept pushing the button and it 's not working !!!! I read the 1st review here and the person said there 's an overheating problem . I did n't know that ... . and now I 'm pushing the button ... . it 's on again ! Genrally , it 's good but please bear the sudden nshut off whenever . you 'll never know when it 's gon na shut off ... !!! Surprise !
 This is a horrible machine . It shut off in 10 -LRB- or less -RRB- minutes . When it shuts off you have to clean ALL the filters which include two filters outside the canister and three inside the canister . After that you have to wait ONE HOUR for it to cool down . This is the cleaning cycle you have to adapt to work with this HORRIBLE vacuum cleaner . So plan on a whole day to vacuum your rugs . Also when you clean the filters , dust gets everywhere . This vacuum also needs to be dusted to keep it clean ... . It is a piece of expensive JUNK . I replaced it with a Hoover Tempo bag vacuum . I will never go bagless again .
 This vacuum shuts off after 10 minutes of operation . Than you need to wait 1 hour for it to `` cool '' down . And in the meantime , you need to clean ALL of the filters on the vacuum . Besides the filter in the main canister , there are two other filters that need to be clean . In essance , after cleaning for 10 minutes you need to take the whole vacuum apart to clean all the filters and then wait 1 hour . Plan on a whole day to clean your rugs . It looks pretty though .
 this vacuum is the worst one I ever owned . I thought if I paid a little more than usual , I would get a better sweeper . Boy was I wrong . It shoots more dirt out of it back onto the floor than it does into the sweeper . I was very disappointed with my purchase . I am returning mine after 3 months . I will fight to get my money back because this is a useless piece of machinery . It is also cheaply made . The attachments crack easily . Do not buy this vacuum .
 I thought if i spent more on a vacuum cleaner , it would work better , well , not with this one !!!! Instead of sucking up dirt , it blows it everywhere , then when it 's done blowing things all over the place , it shuts itself off , then I have to let it `` cool off '' for 45 minutes before i can continue vacuuming . It 's horrible , I would n't recommend this vacuum cleaner to anyone !!!!
 If you keep all the filters clean , you have about four minutes to clean your entire house . It has good suction while it runs , then you have to wait an hour for the overload to reset . I just hate it !!!! I 'm going to lay it on the driveway and run my truck over it . What a waste of money and any price . I wish I had my 30 year old Kirby back !
 We have had this vacuum for about five years and my wife hates it . I feel bad that I forced her to use it for this long . It works good when I clean all 3 filters -LRB- after every use -RRB- . We have a small 2 bedroom home with only a small surface area of carpet , that is why I dont want to spend a lot on a vacuum . I will buy a new vacuum now after reading these reviews . I really wanted it to work .
 I have the 16 bottle version of this , otherwise , its the same unit.First of all , NONE of these are made for maturing your wine , they are only intendedfor short term -LRB- not to exceed one year -RRB- storage.They do not provide the constant temp and proper humidity needed to mature wine , soif long term maturing of your expensive wine collction is needed , you do not want tobuy one of these.What you need in that case is a EuroCave , and they start at $ 2,000.00 ! Also , dont expect the temp in any of these `` wine refrigerators '' to be 55 if your roomtemp is 80 !! It is totally dependent of room temp . These units simply use the room airand circulate it with fans , so the internal temp will fluctuate with the room temp.Even the few units on the market with built in compressors which will refrigerate evenif the room temp is 90 , fluctuate by several degrees.Proper wine maturing requires CONSTANT even temp -LRB- plus or minus a few degrees only -RRB- overa very long time period , several years !! Also , NONE of these units are reliable , you will be very lucky to get 2 years of use outof any brand of wine cooler . A $ 400.00 one is equally unreliable as a $ 100.00 unit , they mayjust throw in a few extra features and gadgets.If you have an expensive wine collection , you probably already know all this stuff , but ifyou are just starting out , do not be impressed by the low prices of these coolers , ultimatly , they will ruin your wines over the long haul.If you only want a place to store your wine temporarily before you drink it , one of these willbe fine , much better then a wire rack in your basement -LRB- oh , and NEVER store wine in your kitchen !! -RRB- But if you are a serious wine collector , save your money , bite the bullet , and buy a REAL winematuring and storage unit from EuroCave.Remember , you get what you pay for !!
 While the product seems decent , I had a terrible time with receiving it in one piece . The first shipment which came Ground UPS resulted in a corner of the refrigerator cracked off of it . Apparently the folks who send it out are highly opposed to actually wrapping it for shipment since it came in the box that you would find on the shelf in a store -- without any additional packing . I called Amazon and told them and they said they 'd send out another one overnight -LRB- but I would need to send back the broken one , which I did -RRB- . I asked them to take some care to pack the one they were overnighting and the agent send she would add it to her notes to the shippers . Low and behold , the replacement fridge came overnighted free of charge , but again they did not back it for shipment . This time instead of having the corner cracked off , there was simply a hair-line crack on that same corner . It was spared because apparently overnight shipping requires less handling and bouncing around than Ground shipping.Both models in spite of lack of care by the seller to pack it for cross country shipment worked when I plugged them in , but I will be curious for how long the wine refrigerator with the hairline crack will work since all of the jarring during shipment will surely have an impact on electronics . Unfortunately , since I had a custom build on my kitchen cabinets , I am stuck with this machine and just holding my breath that it will continue to work for a long while.I would advise anyone who is even remotely thinking to buy this machine to look elsewhere if you want to spend money and receive something in one piece . Just a suggestion especially if you do n't enjoy banging your head off the wall talking to attendants and re-wrapping returns.I was quite inspired to write this review and hopefully spare someone a lot of trouble .
 As the first review , I also received the product with the corner of the refrigerator cracked off of it.The refrigerator also does n`t has a panel to show the temperature , so it ` s a very simple one . Would not recommend it .
 I bought the cooler in October 2010 . It is now December 2010 and it no longer works . The cooler never was very cold and is a very poor product . I guess the saying is right ... `` You get what you pay for ! '' I 'll stick to books and small items when ordering from amazon because of the return policy . It is not worth it to return the product because its too expensive .
 HiI ordered this item and yes its all very well that it showed up on time but the delivery company left it out in the rain . Then when it was checked to ensure all parts were present I found that the owner/operators manual or warranty information were both missing . This is unacceptable and could mean I will return for a full refund as I do not have the instructions to ensure its used correctly .
 The Koolatron Wine Cooler arrived with the window broken . I called the number listed and they promptly sent me a new one . They did not ask me to return the first one . I was taking it to the curb when a neighbor asked if she could just tape up the front and use it in her garage . About a month later it started making a terrible noise . We thought it was damaged when it was dropped . Then one month later , mine started doing the exact same thing . I have tried everything but it made such a racket I threw it out after less than 3 months of use . It was still cooling , but you could hear the motor/fan running from anywhere in the house .
 I expected a heavy gauge of metal . Star is too big will not fit under cabinet and star is top heavy , falls over alot .
 These are beautiful . We are very careful , and these chip so easily we thought the initial bowls that chipped were somehow defective . They were n't pretty for very long . The glaze does n't seem to be thick enough to protect the edge .
 Got two sets , both broken on arrival , got docked on $ $ because returned two times . Left very bad taste for Amazon purchasing .
 It says dishwasher safe and maybe true but I bought the whole set of Artesian Road and they chipped almost immediately . Love the look but the glaze is not thick enough to handle even normal unloading and stacking . TOO BAD . Wish Tracey Porter would use better execution of her great designs . Until then I am not ordering anymore from her and have a set of dishes I 'm going to have to replace .
 I have purchased eight Tracy Porter Artesian products.They are quite beautiful ... when they arrive in one piece.Of the eight packages I have received via UPS only three have arrived unbroken.It 's a shame because the pattern is very pretty but the quality of this china is very very poor .
 I love the colors and patterns , but this stoneware/pottery chips so easily , that you really have to handle it very carefully . My italian handpainted dishes are much more durable , and have lasted for years , but TP pieces have only worked 2-3 years , before chipping everywhere !
 Now , I like this vacuum . It 's pretty well designed , it 's lightweight , and it really has AMAZING power . It 's a little chintzy -- a part broke off in shipment -- but I think it 's worth the money.Here 's the problem , though
 This vacuum is nicely designed and works well . Too bad that the vacuum bags are not available in the U.S. I have had them on order from AllergyBeGone and Delonghi-Sales since December , and they have no ETA . Shame on Delonghi , and shame on Amazon for selling an item that can not be used .
 Do n't buy a Delonghi vacuum - unless you want to wait a month to get replacement bags and can live with the dirt ... Tried ordering bags through site allergybegone . Waited 10 days . Nothing came . I called them . They said my particular bag was discontinued and they apologized , putting blame on Manufacturer for not properly notifying . Next I tried to order direct from Delonghi . Waited 10 days . Called in and found they got the address wrong . That was after waiting 30 minutes for a Customer Service rep -LRB- who was very nice -RRB- to pick up the phone . She went to superviser , who said they 'd send out replacement bags the regular way to the correct address . I can only assume I 'll be waiting another 10 days . I 've been a loyal Delonghi customer , but not anymore . At the point they heard I 've been 20 days without bags , a supervisor should have taken charge and created a satisfied customer . Vaccum is fine . Their service , and the way they manage their supplies through 3rd party vendors is not . Enjoy the first 10 bags , and then get ready to live in a dirty home .
 Bought this in June , 2005 . Since our house has built-in central vaccuum already , the unit was used sparingly to clean my daughter 's apartment . She 's a traveling consultant working in Philly but living in Denver . The vaccuum is light and powerful - it was a breeze to clean her 500 square-foot apartment . However , it was used less than a dozen times when apparently the motor went dead . The authorized service center said the unit is not under warranty according to its serial number and would cost $ 150 to repair . But it was shipped June 23 , 2005 from Amazon and broke down Thanksgiving Day , 2005 ! It worked well while it lasted ...
 I just renovated my kitchen . The full nine-yards - granite counter tops , stainless steel appliances and I wanted a nice piece of functional art that would be a conversational piece . So I bought this rolling pin holder . However , when it arrived , it was small and looked like I made it with left-over bent metal . I probably will not use this on the wall in the kitchen anymore , as it is a very boring , ordinary design . If you picture this without the rolling pin , it is just two bent pieces of metal . Not worth the money or time that I had to spend buying this .
 We bought this product about 14 months ago and installed it in our newly renovated kitchen about 10 months ago . When the microwave works , it 's a good microwave -- works well , good looking , nice automatic sensors -- however , we 've had some problems with it.The big problem for us -LRB- and this is a big problem -RRB- is that in the 10 months we 've had it one of the three internal fuses shorted out on 3 different occasions . Now that it 's out of it 's 1-year warranty the price of fixing that fuse looks like its > $ 100 . Also , this microwave is going to be tough to replace becasue we 've built the cabinet opening custom for this microwave.I 'm also going to complain to my kitchen designer and make sure that this appliance is n't going to be recommended to his other customers . Unreliable quality makes for an expensive appliance .
 Please note this review specifically relates to the R-2110JW model . However it may influence your decision making.The Sharp `` smart Carousel '' design uses rotating magnetrons below the surface of the cooking chamber instead of rotating the food on a carousel . The rotating mechanism under the cooking chamber malfunctioned . As a result arcing occurred between the parts causing a fire and smoke . The unit was turned off in time to avoid a fire spreading to the surrounding cabinets . If no one had been present in the kitchen at the time a serious fire could have occurred.The defect was bad enough . I consider myself lucky the damage was only to the microwave . Dealing with Sharp customer service was even worse . It has taken over two months to resolve this problem . Sharp offered me a replacement but could n't get a new unit in white . We suggested paying the difference for an upgrade . We paid the difference for the upgrade ... the sharp could n't find it in white ... even though I was able to locate a unit in white in about 5 minutes online . After giving up on a replacement and requesting a refund they `` generously '' offered me $ 183 for a product I paid $ 262 . A product that endangered my home and family and had left me without a microwave for two months.I 've enjoyed Sharp products in the past but after this incident I can not recommend doing business with them under any circumstances .
 There are not many choices for `` over-the-counter '' models out there , I wanted to see reviews of other models because I have to replace this Sharp model which is finicky at best ! When it is working , the `` Compu Cook '' is so complicated I have to pull out the manual . But a more serious problem is that the microwave turns on all by itself , so we have to keep a bowl of water in it to avoid a major catastrophe , and occasionally the appliance blows a fuse , I noticed another reviewer had the same problem with the fuse as well .
 We have a built in cabinet . This seems to be the only microwave that fits . The first Sharp microwave lasted about two years . It 's replacement lasted 12 months and a few days ; just long enough to be out of warranty . I may have to replace it with the same model because it seems to be the only model that fits the space . I have no complaints about how it funtions , just that it does n't have a long life .
 Ordered this premium-priced microwave , and perhaps I had too high an expectation . I was disappointed to find the product to be cheaply made -- mine had `` wrinkles '' on two of the sides -- and not worth the 3x price increase . It may function perfectly well as a microwave , as it 's basically a simple , cheap , unit which has been put into a different case . If you get one that is n't flawed , then I suspect it 'll look very smart when installed.Sharp seem to be the only company to do over-the-counter microwaves , so your choice is limited if you must have this style . I 've gone for a more common counter model , and will spend the extra money on a shelf for it .
 The original purchase of a 2011-R Sharp microwave was in September 2008 , but it was not installed until December 2008 . In Jan 2010 , four months past warranty , we had to replace the magnetron . In Oct 2012 , this second magnetron starting making a horrible noise and arcing -LSB- no metal involved , cup of hot milk in a microwave proof cup , cube of butter , defrost bread -RSB- . That 's a lot of nuisance and expense for a barely 4 year old microwave that cost $ 255 . Installation was a bear , requiring human strength at odd angles in the narrow space between counter-top and cabinet , and drilling a large hole 1.5 '' for the plug to go up to the outlet inside the cabinet was tricky to do without destroying the built in shelf . Uninstalling was almost as dramatic but at least breaking it was not an issue.When this oven worked it was great , the underside task light was sweet , as was it sensing capability for things like baked potatoes . Programming multi-stage power cooking required many , many clicks for each power level , making this a poor choice for anyone who actually cooks in their microwave . I thought this would be a long term solution for a microwave in my small kitchen . Nope , this is a not a long term machine.I am quickly becoming a an appliance cynic . I am replacing this with a 700 watt GE microwave oven , that can also be installed under a cabinet , at less than half the price of the Sharp . At half the price I be will be half as sad when the GE oven dies
 I have had my Sharp 1214 for 2 years and in that 2 years , I have had the magnetron and diode replaced twice and now the display no longer works . I am done with Sharp appliances . Do not buy their crap !
 Do not buy this microwave , it turns on by itself and the lcd display is unreadable . I complained to Sharp but since it 's out of warranty they are not willing to do anything . This is the last product from Sharp I bought .
 The digital readout shorted out right after the warranty . Everything gets microwaved one minute at a time . Can not see what time it is or know how much time is left until things are done . Sharp provided no assistance . The circuit board costs over $ 200 plus labor to fix . We have been `` microwaving blind '' ever since . Will not buy from them again .
 These Chairs are pictured as Arrowback Chairs but what is shipped is a substitute . The chairs are cheaply made and they shorted me the hardware for the 4th chair . Rough paint not smooth as they should be . . Look closely and you 'll see some spots where wood shows thru paint . Moshya Home Furniture does not return phone calls or answer phone . Amazon 's A-Z team also will not speak to customer 1 on 1 . My research shows Moshya Home Furniture has issues with other customers as well.Also the seat is thin not formed for comefort . Feels like sitting on a thick piece of plywood . . I kid you not . Anyone know where I can buy a GOOD quality set of Windsor Arrowback chairs ? I have 4 defective ones bound for the landfill .
 Beware the advertisement on this gem . It does nothing but take up space and cringes when it sees a cake it has to cut ! Ranks high it wasted money on my part . Would have loved to see it do just one ` magic ' trick .
 Definitely does n't do what the description states that it should do . Wears out quickly . Pretty much garbage .
 I needed storage for a large collection of DVDs , CDs and a few small books . This looked great and lage enough to hold what I wanted.The fact it rotated sounded helpful too . Having a slight disability I find it better to have a handyman assemble these things and this was a challange.When he had it fihished I was disappointed : shelves are half width because it is foursided . It rotates well but the holes for the pegs are too small and therefore it is nearly impossible to ` adjust them or even get them in to begin with . It is bulky and awkward . I got another non-rotating and single sided unit with pegs that fit and will order another instead of this unit .
 I have to say I move allot so I hate particle board . I purchased this for dvd 's which it did n't hold close to all of my dvd 's . I also forgot to put the little wood stumps in so I broke it during assembly . If do n't ever plan on moving this would probably be a good item for you especially if your good and reading directions but for me it 's crap .
 I was very disappointed . This looked real nice , however , looks canbe deceiving . The item arrived and the packaging was good . It was wrapped in its own wrapping . When I took it out of the wrapping and went to set it up it fell to pieces . I would not recommen this to anyone .
 I just got this in the mail , and was excited to use it , but when I opened it , it was already broken . It is a cheap piece of junk . It seems poorly constructed , and the wedges that hold the corners together were already coming out . I would send it back , but I do n't want to pay shipping back to Amazon . Luckily , my husband is handy , and can probably put it back together to where I can use it . Spend a little more money and buy a better constructed product !
 The item was for my husbands birthday . Not only did it come in with the plastic broken , the hindges were also broken . It appeared that it had already been returned , and just put in a box and shipped to me . I was very disappointed
 It is functional but it does n't hold paperback cookbooks very well and not very good with single recipe pages . It keeps falling down . I wish I had paid a little more for a sturdier Holder . I know , I know , you get what you pay for but I hoped for better from an eco-friendly manufacturer.Zebrabird
 A new coffeemaker demands attention to the proportion of coffee to water . The challenge with this product is that the measurements on the carafe and those on the water reservoir do n't match - so unless one uses a measuring cup , it 's hit or miss as to how much water to use . -LRB- The manual is still different . -RRB- I notified the company ; they were n't aware of this - no one had complained . They acknowledged it , but have no plans to correct it . It 's OK if one always makes the same amount . I do n't so I replaced it .
 This Westbend coffeemaker was very noisey upon receipt of the unit on Aug. 7 , 2009 then it just quit working altogether the 1st week of Oct. . Of course it is outside of Amazon 's `` window '' for returns so their policy states only partial credit might be given , but you have to pay to return it . I would look elsewhere for a coffeemaker !
 This humidor is NOTHING like a real humidor let me list the ways ... 1 . Cheap plastic windows that are not glued to hold a seal and hold the humidity2 . Cheap partial board used for the exposed wood3 . NOT Spanish cedar or any cedar for the matter looks like ash . .4 . Hygrometer is a joke it 's a chunk of plastic and you can not calibrate it to save your life . .5 . It 's much smaller than you think , it will barely hold a box of cigars -LRB- 25 -RRB- if you do n't buy and large ring churchills . .6 . THIS IS A POOR COPY OF the `` Desktop Vertical Display humidor '' at one of the major cigars e-tailer . .7 . Do n't waste your money like I did , I know the price is nice , but you are just throwing your money away . . Lastly the only way I could justify buying this humidor is to buy them in bulk and selling them at a local flea market or swap meet . . Yeah , it 's that kind of quality . .
 I have had one of these but I 've lost one half somewhere in Yellowstone last year so I 've decided to order a new one . It 's a very cheap copy . NO WOOD , SOFT STEEL that bends and quickly becomes dull , very cheap looking , missing parts etc. . . no luck this time . .
 i v ' e purchased this model a/c AF-S50EX on 07/12/05 , used it for that summer , then storaged it , next summer it was not used that much , because i went cross country working.back to storage in original box.Now took it out and installed it in the window , the motor is loud as a motor cycle rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr !!!!!!!!!!!! . call sharp for assistance , i was told to get a new motor.it is almost impossible , sharp do n't sell replacement motors , the dealers charge almost $ 150 for a replacement , plus labour.the parts are very , very , very , $ $ $ $ $ expense.for get about that warranty , as you walk out the door , that 's your responsible .
 I 'm sorry to say this was a waste of money . When I got it , it looked nothing like what I was expecting . In fact , it cost more to ship it back than to keep it so I kept it ... but hidden away in the garage !!!
 I bought 2 of these , one from amazon and i think the other was from target . They are super flimsy and the doors dont close right . I would not recommend
 Beautiful china but this -LRB- and many other pieces of Tracy Porter china -RRB- arrived at my home broken.Seems to be much too fragile for shipping and therefore probably too fragile to use .
 I bought this after reading all reviews . It is very simple to use . The coffee was really just not hot enough . The unit shuts off as soon as the water is dispensed . There is no heating plate . I take mine with milk , so after I would add milk , I wanted to reheat . I was going to send back , and the glass decanter was on the table , my dog bumped the table and the decanter hit the floor , glass in a thousand pieces , so can not return . Can not find replacement decanter to give unit away to someone else . True story . I do not recommend .
 I bought this for my husband 's birthday . It worked great for about a month , then the water would n't pour anymore . My husband would have to stand there and hold down the start button . If he let go , the water would stop pouring . The sprout also broke off . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk .
 I bought this , and really liked it . I dropped the carafe in the sink while washing it , and broke it . I liked it so much I ordered a whole new set just for the carafe . Well , within 6 months , the carafe is broke again . So , I give up . If only they made it replaceable , which it should be as it is so fragile . So , if you 're a careful person , go for it . If you expect things to survive a small breeze or stern look , look elsewhere .
 I bought this item 18 months ago and used it on average twice a month . The glass beaker just broke , the kind of clean snap you get from sudden temperature change , even though I always pre-warmed it before use . Replacement beaker
 I really wanted to like this ; was thrilled to find a product from a USA company that seemed innovative , reasonably priced , and would surely be a quality thing , I thought . But it leaked the first time I put water in the heating reservoir on a trial run before brewing anything to clean out anything that might be there from manufacturing.I thought , well , maybe I overfilled it at the Max line , although that 's what the directions say to do , so I tried again . It leaked about 3/4 of a cup to 1 cup of the 4 I put in the reservoir -LRB- 4 `` cups '' as measured in its own carafe ; definitely not overfilled -RRB- . So I tried it with just 2 cups and it leaked about a third of that while the rest heated . Leaks plugged in , unplugged , while heating , while it dumps the hot water into the carafe , whenever.You can see the water pour out the part of the reservoir that looks seamed together and you can also see it puddle out from underneath without actually traveling down the outside of the reservoir , so presumably from the bottom of the thing.Because I 'm cheap and took the free super-saver shipping , it took somewhere around two weeks to arrive in this condition and I do n't have the patience to try a replacement with a similarly turtle-esque shipping time . I 'll just run down to Kitchen Collections down the road tomorrow after dropping this dud at the post office . I can get a manual carafe for about $ 12 there.Very disappointing purchase . I did n't even bother trying to brew coffee in it .
 I purchased this item because I wanted a small coffee maker and am fussy about the taste of my coffee . I only have one large mug in the morning before work and then might make some decafe at the end of the day . I thought this would work nicely , or I hoped anyway . Making the coffee was simple enough as the instructions were straightforward -- open the hinged water cover , fill the top with the amount of water you want , add the grounds to the glass carafe , put the top/plunger filter assembly in pushed down all the way , place in the unit , hit the start button . You have to fit the carafe/lid in the holder just right so the water can come through . It does n't take long before the water heats up and drips through into the carafe . Then remove the carafe and slowly move the plunger up and down three times to mix the grounds and water and then leave it in the up position to sit for 3 or 4 minutes , depending on how strong you want your brew . I noticed the plunger assembly does n't seem to move up and down very smoothly and it 's easy to spill the coffee , getting grinds on the lip of the carafe and even spilling out , which you then have to wipe off unless you like grounds in your coffee . After the allotted time , do a final press down and then pour.I 'm found the taste of the coffee very disappointing -- muddy and the full taste of the beans did not come through and the water not as hot as I 'd like after all that plunging and waiting -- but if you 're a french press person , you probably wo n't mind . I use very good quality coffee with a fine grind and the coffee should have been better than this . If you are okay with ordinary tasting coffee , go ahead and buy this maker , although you 'd do just as well with any cheap drip coffee maker with far less fuss.Update
 I really liked this French Press but ... after only using it for one week the pot cracked . I did not drop it or misuse it ... it just cracked while I was brewing a cup . The glass may have cracked when the handle was attached ... but quality control did not catch it . West Bend replaced the pot .
 I only used this twice . I went to use it this morning and it will heat up but wo n't brew . I am very upset that it broke after only 2 uses it was not worth it for the price !
 This was a great unit for about 2 wks . Then it developed a leak and the heating unit did not heat the water well ... wonderful concept though , faulty construction .
 This item is very poor in quality . It is plastic and unable to sustain making large batches of cookies etc. . I had better luck with a hand press cookie press . For the money - this is not worth it .
 I bought this pan to make my 2 yr old a butterfly cake ... the pan itself had scratchs deep into the pan near the top ridge ... which is no big deal because i probably would n't use so much batter that the cake would rise that high.The problem that I could n't let go is the fact that they used some sort of a cement glue to glue the paper INSIDE of the pan . Now if I could take the glue off , it would have been fine but sadly , they used some sort of a Super Glue mixed with cememnt glue and I was not able to get rid of all the glue.I have soaked it in water , hot water , soap , and nothing worked.I wish they had glued the paper on the outside of the pan bc then it would not have matter to me so much ... but still I can not use this pan to cook for anyone . Not only would it be disgusting to have glue fused into the cake but could possibly be hazardous too ... If I ca n't even remove it with soap and hot water , i 'm going to assume that it probably wo n't be good for anyone that accidentally eats the glue > . <
 This product shoots a concentrated stream of steam at a small space . For cleaning tiny crevices or cracks , it works great . However , for anything larger than the tiniest areas , it loses its effectiveness . There are times when I pull it out , fill it with the water and wait for it to pressurize when I have lost patience and used an old toothbrush to clean instead ! It comes with attachments to clean glass and even a grill and these are both jokes .
 AAA Home Furniture Discounts lacks integrity should be avoided at all costs . I have dealt with hundreds of Sellers in the Amazon Marketplace and AAA Home Furniture Discounts is by far the worst . They misrepresented the product and refused to replace damaged parts , then taunted me and said they would win against any claim I might file . They were completely unprofessional and never even sent an order acknowledgment or shipping notice . DO NOT REINFORCE THIS BEHAVIOR !
 I just purchased this TV stand yesterday for my 52 '' LCD - but before I say it 's the identical item , mine looks identical but the product number is BKPM-50B -LRB- which is similar -RRB- and it does n't say Techcraft on the box or in the instructions anywhere . In fact there is no product name at all that I can find . I paid $ 298 for it . The instructions were 6 photocopied pages and were n't much to speak of . It took my wife and I good hour and a half to get it together as you have to attempt to assemble it upside down , keep all the parts in place while trying to feed through the 6 metal screw rods that hold the legs and glass together . Not the easiest thing to do in the slightest . I had just finished screwing in the longish back plate that takes 6 screws and turned to get the wide TV bracket when I heard a bomb go off and my wife scream . The top shelf literally exploded , meaning that the there was a problem with the tempered glass . It flew everywhere . She was sitting in the front of the stand and closer to it - but on the couch - when it exploded and she had many tiny splinters of glass stuck in her hand . I was okay . Immediately I called my daughter to come and take pix of the scene to show how far and how small the pieces of glass were . Nothing was dropped on the table . Neither of us had touched it . I ca n't imagine if it was one of those stands that you place your TV on top of ... and thank goodness no stereo or TV components were on it or near it . I 'm sure it 's just a freak accident but after questioning the overall quality of the product once I saw the instructions , I wo n't be buying another tempered glass table . I 'll be getting a full refund and shopping for a wood stand - which for all intents and purposes wo n't blow up . Factor in the 2 hour plus clean up and you 've got a real disaster on your hands . Of course , I searched the net in regards to tempered glass TV stands exploding and while it 's not all that common , it does happen . I 'll definitely be posting the pix somewhere . You 've been warned .
 While the quality of the item seems above the norm , customer service from this company is dreadful . My new equipment sat around in boxes waiting for a replacement for a damaged shelf that was delayed , then delayed again , by mix-ups on the company 's part . Their refusal to budge an inch from their standard process , even though it meant further delay for a very unhappy consumer who had gotten tired of run-arounds and excuses , is a far cry from the real customer service I 've experienced elsewhere . I will never buy another TechCraft item .
 My wife bought this phone for our daughters bedroom . It was very difficult to follow the manual . The manual takes you through setup for area code , language and screen contrast then leaves you hanging about caller ID setup . There are no instructions in the manual about how to use caller ID with this phone . Likewise there are two alarms . The manual tells you how to set them up but not how to leave one active and the other alarm off . The LCD on the handset is terrible . You have to tip it just right to see the active numbers , otherwise you see every symbol on the phone . Ths companies web site does not have faq 's for problems with this phone . There is a customer support number , I had so many problems with this phone tht I chose not to waste my time -LRB- calling on a working phone -RRB- with them .
 I know this phone is not available and probably no one is ever going to read this review , I thought I put it in anyway after a good 1 hour of trying to set and learn the darn thing tonight . The radio/phone looks pretty good , the stereo sound is very decent as well , but using it is a bi-tch . You have to go through 3 buttons just to turn the stations . And if you set the sleep mode , hope you are not falling sleep and trying to turn the thing off early , you have to locate the little radio on/off button instead of the usual big round SNOOZE button . Setting up the alarm is way too complicated . The volume actually in my personal opinion is a little too loud . Level 1 is enough to keep you sober on a drunken night :-RRB- I am just going to use the basic feature of this unit , not gon na go bother with the `` fancy '' features .
 Very delicate , I would never have use these if you still have children in the home . I do n't even trust my own husband with these ! They are long and very fragile . Looks pretty however with the bowl that comes with it but better be careful not to break it !
 I had this order sent to my house in the country so I opened it over the holidays to be very disappointed that I did not receive what I ordered . I do not have internet at that house so I have n't had a chance to see what happened . The packaging slip had gold on it but the drapes were the Cocoa color -LRB- brown -RRB- . The upsetting part was I had twenty guests arriving for the holidays and the wrong curtain . I hope I can get the correct one after the seller is notified . So I would say this a no star but the system is making me at least put one .
 This is the 2nd Hoover I bought in less than 2 years . The first was so terrible I threw it away . This model broke after 3 months of light use . It is impractical in design -LRB- hard to lift to carry -RRB- and obviously is not made to perform more than a few months .
 We made the mistake of ` only ' spending $ 249.00 on a vacuum cleaner . Do n't get me started on what vacuum cleaners have evolved to in my 55 year old consumer life ; absolute absurdity.At any rate , problem with the belts on this model much too quickly -LRB- after about 1 year with average use -RRB- and just a general cheap quality feel make me think we made a mistake . Will buy a refurbished older model next time - the newer ones are built to fail .
 Got a call from the vendor that the item that ship was a filter and not the unit itself . The unit was miss-price . So I told the vendor to tell UPS to return it before I received it . It was the honest thing to do .
 Not sure what the problem is , but the adhesive strips in this package wo n't stick to anything for more then 6 minutes -LRB- no joke , I timed it -RRB- . We have command hooks in almost every room of our house and garage , they have been purchased from an actual store . Never had a problem out of any for almost a year now.Again , not sure what the problem is , but the ONLY way to get my money back is to return them . Which is perfectly fine , except I have to pay for the return shipping ... . I already paid too much for the package because the stores were out of stock around here , I should n't have to pay for return shipping too .
 Tried the product on a concrete wall and it did not work . It was a picture in a frame and after a couple days the hook fell off the wall . I followed the instructions .
 Would n't hold light weight picture or 1/4 '' foamboard to newly painted walls . Maybe scrubbing wall with alcohol would work . Son did not know they were just purchased from Amazon and threw them in trash .
 You know , I swear by the 3M command adhesive line of sticky tabs . It 's a great product.But the hooks are just hideous , clunky and ungainly ... so unstylish . They look like something you 'd find yellowing on the wall of your grandfather 's garage in 1975 . The form is old-school and ugly ; a different design era - and not in the good way These are hooks you 'd put some place that you can close the door on -LRB- a cabinet -RRB- , so you do n't have to look at them.Come on 3M , this is the age of the iPod , not the 8-track . You 'd sell so many more of these if they were n't so naff . Hire a product designer from the modern era and revamp this line .
 Our indoor Christmas lights have all fallen to the floor . Evidently 3M hooks do n't stick for long on textured walls , however I can find no warning about this on the product packaging or in the literature . Beware . Hopefully I will someday need this newly purchased pile of hooks for use on a smooth surface somewhere , but it certainly wo n't be on any of our walls as every last one of them is textured . Good product . Irresponsible marketing . We are not amused .
 I was so excited about this hooks coz i live in a rental property and wanted to hang something , so i bought a few and it looked like magic . But not for long in the middle of the night i was awaken by the crash of my picture and boy i will be in more trouble with that wall even more than had i drilled a small nail in coz the hooks came out with chunks of the wall plaster . What a disaster ?????? please dont waste your money
 dont buy it could be weeks befor u see your stuff , ask for refund your lucky to get have your money back .
 I 'm disappointed with the results of my command strips though it organizes well it did not remove well from my walls ! First I thought I was taking it off wrong but then a friend of mine who 's an interior designer who uses this in his own home went to remove it from my walls and he had the same results as me ! The paint on my wall ripped right off in multiple places from the hooks but I do lov the hooks just it does n't come off clean !
 I bought these hooks at Lowe 's simply to hang pictures . My items were very lightweight , but even so these hooks did not hold any of them up . I purchased the correct sizes according to the packages . I feel they were an extremely poor investment and I urge people to reconsider purchasing .
 Would not hold a small picture frame weighing about 1/2 lb . Fell , broke glass , broke frame , would n't support string of small xmas lights on inside wall , totally worthless product .
 Although the package was sealed , a hook came without the plastic to hold it , so it 's useless and I paid for two!When I tried to hang a broom , the hook broke away from the wall and peeled it off anyway .
 If you have NO other choice and must use these , do NOT hang any thing of value . I have tried these hooks for everything from small plates to holiday decorations and have never had them hold . My best suggestion
 it didnt work for me , followed instructions exactly . I do n't know why they did n't hold . Maybe too high humidity where i live . I 'm glad I tried them for 80 cents from the clearance rack from Walmart .
 I HAVE HAD THIS ITEM FOR 3 YEARS NOW . GOOD PRODUCT , BUT I WASTED MY MONEY , COULD HAVE GOT SOMETHING ELSE
 This was a waste of my money . It did not hold anything on the wall , not even small photos . I really wanted to send it back but they charge you so much for shipping it was not worth it . I just threw in the trash .
 These are for texture surfaces only . They are NOT for smooth painted doors . The surface must be cleaned and prepared according to instructions and no weight applied to it for the stated time period . I have a small clock hanging from one applied to a textured , painted wall that has been in place for 3 years . Those that I applied to the backs of painted , smooth surface doors did slide off under their own weight after 4 days . I hung a plastic hanger on one after waiting 2 days before using it . The next morning the Command Hook and plastic hanger -LRB- 7 oz -RRB- were on the floor .
 1 of the hooks broke after a week other than that the hooks have seemed to work well sticking to wood not plaster
 Hated it ... did nothing it was suppose to do . . a complete waste of my money . . I followed the guidelines and still it held nothing . .
 I 've bought several of this kind of Command Damage-Free Hanging hooks . The latest one claims to hold up to 3 lb . I tried twice , followed the instructions carefully plus pressed for twice as long and waited for twice as long as well . Still the hook fell off by itself after half an hour , from an 4-oz piece of cloth.I 'm through with this line of products and I think they should recall all their products if they run an ethical business .
 Our house was built in the 1950 's . I used three hooks , and though two came off cleanly , one did not . While slowly pulling down the adhesive snapped off . I had to pry it off and with it came a giant chunk of wall . For older houses be very careful using these . I 'll never use these again , too risky .
 The cooker has many cons , i do not recommend this1 . It does not whistle so you will have to keep check on the time while cooking .2 . It is not dish washer safe3 . The lid is bit tricky to close until you get used to it and it might interfere with food .4 . It is not non stick cooker .
 I purchased this pressure cooker because I wanted a smaller on . I have a Fagor 10 quart pressure cooker that works great . Based on reviews and price I elected to order this one . It threw up all over the stove out the vent . Needless to say , I sent it back immediately and will just use the one I have . NOT impressed at all .
 I was so excited to receive my highly rated pressure cooker . However , it arrived with a chip in the handle , near the edge of the pot.I 've never had a pressure cooker before and have what is perhaps a irrational fear of pressure cooker explosions , so any sort of defect in the cooker only worsens my fear . This defect may or may not have had any effect on the safe operation of the cooker but I 'm not taking any chances.The chip was deep enough to have removed the paint and taken a small chunk out of the metal/plastic or whatever the handle is made of , so even if it had nothing to do with the seal , I assume that over time it would reduce the structural integrity of the cooker.Plus , I 'm wary of any brand new item that is already damaged . It does n't make me feel confident about the overall quality of the item.So , unfortunately , I 've returned it .
 Liked previous reviews , that 's why we bought it ; however , this Pressure cooker has an inherent problem , the lid just does not open up easily it at all . It 's a challenge to open this lid especially when the contents & the cooker is very hot ; & , when it opens up , it will not simply go back in place & lock . It 's a struggle to open & close . I will not recommend this to anyone . The photograph is deceiving & misleading , there is NO Handle-Ear on the other side of the cooker that can help in picking it up . Also when we got it , it was not new . We paid for new , but we got a used one with scratches everywhere & a very bad finish . Do not Go by the photographs.PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY & DO NOT PURCHASE THIS.But I must say that Amazon Return policy is excellent , they really helped me out in taking this back immediately .
 I was excited to receive this product - got it last night and was able to test it out . A couple things , the design -LRB- aesthetically speaking -RRB- is great ! I love how this item looks . Functionally , however , different story . First , the idea that you have to insert the lid into the cavity of the cooker seems ridiculous . The angle at which you insert the lid -LRB- even if you fill the cooker less the 2/3rd 's max that the instructions recommend -RRB- is so steep that top of the lid and the seal will touch whatever is in the cooker . Next , the pressure release valve when engaged sprays a pretty heavy stream of steam out . If you 're cooking a liquid other than water , watch out ! I was making a little red bean soup , when I released the valve it sprayed not only steam but the red bean mixture coating my backsplash and refrigerator which was next to the stove in a reddish brown spray ! The soup had sugar in it so imagine how hard that was to clean up . Also , during cooking , the red bean mixture was overflowing out of the steam exhaust and running over the top of the cooker even on low heat . It got into the handle crevices - without taking the handle off , not sure clean I could actually get lid . Looks great but too much clean up ...
 The lid bolt of my old aluminum pressure cooker broke and my mom was coming to cook for Thanksgiving , so I set out to buy another one . I am a sucker for all high-tech gadgets / appliances / you-name-it , so instead of fixing the bolt I used this as an excuse to buy a new , top of the line pressure cooker . After much research here on Amazon , I bought two of these -LRB- 3 qt and 7 qt -RRB- based on the excellent brand reviews and the cool , very modern design . This one arrived the day before Thanksgiving and I was very excited to check it out . On opening the box I realized my first mistake was its size -- it was TINY and useful only if you 're cooking for no more than two people . Oh well . Disappointed but my mistake so on to figuring out how it worked ; that 's when the `` real '' fun began.It all started with the user manual -- it warns that the improper insertion / extraction of the lid into the cooker may damage the edges and thus compromise the pressure seal , so my husband and I decided to do a test run . It did not go well . Its oval design requires one to insert the lid into the pan in a very specific way in order to seal it , and this must be done without touching the liquid within , which turned out to be quite a feat for all 5 seasoned cooks in my household , which was even more challenging due to the small size of this particular pot . Practiced inserting the lid for half an hour and still ca n't do it flawlessly . Would have kept on practicing except my mom walked in and all hell broke loose , so I ended the practice run -LRB- it was 11 pm -RRB- and headed to WalMart on an emergency pressure cooker buying operation just so I would n't have to keep hearing my mother 's rant about needing a Ph.D. in Futura pressure cooker operations just to operate the lid . Sighhhhhhh ! . But I digress ... While I appreciate the safety design of the lid , it is also the reason for every cook in my household 's frustration . I give this brand 2 stars because once it 's `` doing its thing , '' this pressure cooker works very well and its appearance is attractive ; otherwise I would have given it one star based on the lid issue and that nagging feeling I have every time I use it that I 'm handling crystal instead of a sturdy pressure cooker . Also , the rubber ring comes as a separate item , which makes it very easy to lose . The 3-qt pot does not have a second balancing handle either , though it is pictured as such . Not that big of a deal given the small size , but it would be useful to have . Overall , in my experience with most luxury appliance / cookware brands , I have come across few that are worth the price / hassle , and in my opinion , Futura by Hawkins is no different . Save yourself the money / aggravation and go with the cheaper brands that do the same job with no financial / emotional pain involved =-RRB- .
 It is so difficult to get the lid on and off it is just not worth the aggravation . I would not recommended this product .
 Got this cooker reading all the nice reviews , but this was a big disappointment.I did use Hawkins before , but this cooker spits out water -LRB- mixed with whatever you are cooking -RRB- like a fountain.I tried cooking with less water , less heat etc. only to clean up after every time I used this . That 's probably because it does n't have a traditional whistle .
 After reading the review I ordered this items couple of months back , When I cook anything with water in it , it throws water and spoils the whole kitchen!Please do not order this , if you want to avoid the hassle of searching your return box for this Pressure cooker!ThanksDS
 I ca n't understand why this has ANY positive reviews . I would give it zero stars if I could . I spent 30 + minutes `` practicing '' how to put on and take off the lid . IT 's supposed to be done without touching the food . IMPOSSIBLE FOR THE 2.0 LITRE SIZE . I challenge anyone to prove otherwise . After so much frustration following the directions -LRB- trying to fit the oval lid into the inside lip of the pot -RRB- I was afraid my blood pressure would blow . IMHO this is a defective design . It 's going RIGHT BACK .
 I purchased this pressure cooker to use in my camper through Amazon.com , and I was sorry I did . I have used pressure cookers for cooking and canning for over 30 years . Each one functioned well and served our family for a long time . When I received the Hawkins I had serious doubts about the longevity this cooker would have in my camper because of its construction - thinner gauged sheet metal in the body , long thin handle with points that looked less than strong , unfinished interior , etc. . I contacted the company , but have yet to hear back from them . I decided to discard the item rather than risk it .
 Does n't maintain pressure , steam leaks . Not sure whether this a common problem for this model ; the one i received might be a faulty one !!
 I am only 60 years old and in good health , but I found it impossible to get the lid on correctly . Of my 3 grown sons , 2 could get the lid on and 1 could not . I gave it to one of the sons who could get the lid on and who likes to cook . I am normally pretty dexterious . I just could n't do it . I guess I will go to BB & Beyond and select one in person and not purchase until I see if I can `` handle '' it . The instructions for the lid were though , but it did n't help .
 I do n't get those 5-star reviews . They must be written by people who have n't used any other brand . I use pressure cookers multiple times every day , and this is my third pressure cooker to buy . I bought Hawkins Futura 2.0 liter model , because it is much smaller than others I already own . I wanted something smaller -LRB- and therefore lighter -RRB- for small dishes , sauces and afternoon snacks . -LRB- I already own a 8-qt and a 4-qt pressure cooker : Fagor Splendid 4-Quart Pressure Cooker . -RRB- Hawkins Futura is usable and functional . That 's about the end of praise about this product . In fact , I have a list of situations where Hawkins pressure cooker causes troubles , where other pressure cookers I 've used are perfectly fine . Bottom line
 This product is a piece of junk ... the description suggests a much better quality item.The holders are not even bent consistantly.If it was n't so inconvienient I would return it .
 If you just want rather low-end sheets , then you might as well buy them for a similar price from a local discounter such as Walmart etc. . The reason many of us buy sheets from Amazon is to get a high-end product at a reasonable/attractive price . If that describes you , these sheets are NOT for you . With all that polyester thrown in , these sheets are really no different from cheap 200TC sheets you might have seen at your local discounter . If you do still order these , rest assured that you are ordering from a store with one of the best customer service around .
 i was excited to get 300 tc sheets for such a good deal ... when i received them i realized why they were so cheap ... it 's because of the 40 % polyester . they do not feel like 300tc cotton sheets AT ALL ... i got 360tc cotton sheets from amazon for just a few dollars more and those are well worth it . these i would pass on .
 Only useful for cleaning up the mess that dogs make inside the house . Flimsy , tear easy . . As the other reviewer said , they will bleed color on to your other clothes in the wash.There 's a reason these things are on clearance . Horrible Quality . Do n't let the thread count fool you , these are GARBAGE .
 Most of the time I get a good deal shopping for bargains on Amazon , but this was n't one of those times . The sheets were mediocre quality . That would 've been fine had they fit properly , but they were exceptionally baggy and the elastic was weak . Waste of my money .
 I was annoyed and disappointed when these arrived . I had several of them already -LRB- all lined up on a shelf , holding various things -RRB- and those had BLUE lids . I needed more , but locally the stores only had them with lids that were an ugly putrid green color . So I browsed on Amazon and found a seller which specifically listed and offered ones with the BLUE lid.They arrived with the putrid green lids.Too much hassle to send them back , so I now have a quite ugly line-up of these boxes in my shelves . -LRB- Interesting to note that the screen I 'm writing on right now , on Amazon , soliciting my comments , SHOWS THE PRODUCT . And -LRB- guess what ! -RRB- it shows it with the BLUE lid . -RRB-
 I purchased several of these to put files in , but when you pick them up by the handle the clasps pop open and the box falls to the ground . They would be better designed if the clasps were part of the box and not part of the top because any weight inside the box will cause it to be too heavy for the top to support it . I ended up throwing all of them away and purchasing other , sturdier bins .
 after I got done putting this in a frame seen it for about the same price with frame at micheals a craft store .
 I 've been sleeping on air mattresses for 15 years due to a bad back . Been buying Intex and Coleman , and each brand generally lasts for 6-9 months , and then a seam fails , and you buy another mattress . I only mention this to offer that I really know what air mattresses should smell like.The one I received today from Amazon is absolutely the most toxic-smelling product I 've ever had the misfortune to purchase . It does n't smell like vinyl or plastic - it smells like some sort of insecticide or industrial chemical to me . The fact that the odor comes off on your hands makes it even worse , as it suggests to me something on the plastic , and not the plastic itself.I will give it one day to air out - but if it smells this bad tomorrow , it is going back to Amazon .
 I noticed a horrible scent when I took these mattresses out of the box -LRB- I bought two . -RRB- I had company so I blew them up , thinking they would air out . They stunk up my whole house . I tried putting them outside but that did n't help either . I had read a few reviews complaining of the smell , but I assumed it was just new plastic . . I am afraid to use them again . I am returning them both . Please beware of the smell !
 I bought this mattress based on the great reviews it had received . Now that it 's been in the house for a few days I 'd like to give it my own review.It is a big fail.The built-in foot pump is a great idea but would work a lot better if it stayed ` up ' . Instead it is crooked and your foot always slides off just so when pumping . It is definitely not fully pumped in two minutes , either.At the end of the night , there is definitely less air in it , and yes , I did shut all the valves and openings.The thing that bothers me the most , however , is the abominable SMELL . It stinks ! You can smell the cheap plastic -LRB- made in China , go figure -RRB- and it smells up your entire room , covers and pillow , the clothes you sleep in , you get the idea . It is pretty nasty . I do n't want to stuff it back into the box because then the smell wo n't get any better either but any room I put it in to air out smells terrible after just ten minutes.If I could give zero stars , I would . I am very , very disappointed in this product and would not buy it again .
 I made 2 mistakes when I bought this item . First , I went for the least expensive air mattress I could find . My second mistake was not using it until the deadline for returning it to Amazon expired . My 90 pound -LRB- 12 year-old -RRB- son slept on it one time . In the morning it was flat . It 's never been able to hold air since . Lessons learned ; 1 . Do n't buy cheap , 2 . Do n't wait too long to try the item !!!
 I bought this mattress since it seemed a good quality product for the price . Although the mattress is very sturdy and well constructed , it has an horrible toxic smell that makes it unusable , which is a real pity , but the smell is so strong and very unhealthy . You can not stay 5 minutes near it , let alone sleep on it , particuarly if you plan to use it inside . I tried leaving it out to get air to see if the smell would go away but it did not . I ended up buying a different one from Coleman . I do not recommend buying this product .
 I could not use the bed because of the offensive smell . I put it outside in the fresh air and sunshine for several days but the smell remained . I could not use it at all .
 This mattress was great for the first four hours . Then my back would touch the floor and I would be wide awake . Kinda of like a gradual alarm clock , but set about four hours too early . Pay more and get an air mattress that works !
 I have had an awful time finding a comfortable and inexpensive twin bed . The Big-S makers -LRB- Serta , Sealy , and Simmons -RRB- , are apparently incapable or unwilling to make a decent bed at an affordable price . Most low end mattresses are rock-hard and overpriced even at that . I have n't given up hope of finding a truly comfortable bed at a decent price but it 's not easy . Meanwhile , I have found twin sized air-mattresses to be extremely comfortable and very reasonably priced as a short term solution.The problem is durability . They last a few months and that 's it . They are not possible to repair in my own experience . My first mattress was made by an outfit called spelled Wetzel , I believe . Amazon stopped carrying the twin size and I was forced to go with a full size mattress even though it takes up more room than I 'd like . For this reason , I bought the Intex Downy Twin mattress . A total waste of my money . I kept it in it 's suitcase like box until I felt that my existing mattress should go . When I unpacked the Intex mattress I discovered a one-sheet pamphlet passed off as a so-called set of instructions . The pamphlet drawings and text were useless . But , the worst part was that the integral pump failed completely . I pumped , and pumped . Two strait hours . Nothing . Further , the manual inflation port is deeply recessed and can not be reached by mouth , so even the laborious process of lung inflation was not an option.Once unpacked from their tight shipping box , these mattresses can not be realistically re-packed for a return . So if you buy such a mattress it 's caveat emptor -LRB- Sorry , `` let the buyer beware '' -RRB- . I realize that I may have simply gotten a lemon but I had complete success with three Wetzel mattresses and total failure with my one and only Intex model . One things sure , I will have nothing to do with this company again . Others have made positive reviews so maybe I 'm one of the unlucky few , but I will not recommend this product to anyone . Sorry .
 How embarrassing ! Did not hold air for more than 20 minutes . But I was smart this time and bought two , luckily the other one was a Coleman not an Intex . BUT the coleman did not come with an air pump . So had to make a trip to the gas station at midnight to fill it up.Stick with the Coleman . I have had nothing but headaches with Intex brand .
 Did n't last very long and I was actually disapointed . Could n't find the leak and it kept deflatting . Even tried taping it up and did n't work .
 I just got this airbed and tried filling it up with the foot pump that is built inside the airbed.The foot pump sucks since it takes forever to inflate so I just grabbed my electric pump and inflated it in a minute.Once it is inflated , there is a large hollow spot right where the foot pump is since it does n't inflate above the foot pump.If you want a twin airbed , Intex makes the same thing with a battery powered pump for almost the same price when on sale . Sometimes , it is even cheaper than this one was . Plus , having the battery powered pump will allow you to inflate other air products since it has 3 different size valves for it : http://www.amazon.com/Intex-Prestige-Downy-Twin-Airbed/dp/B000HBIL7G/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid;=1328641525&sr;=8-3
 Screen that is supposed to hold the tea came apart after third use . Top only sits inside the carafe -- so do n't try go pick it up by the top because it will come out , likely leaving you with tea everywhere .
 When I received this vase , the finish seemed strange -- sort of oily or sticky . I put it in a dishpan with warm soapy water . Guess what -- the blue finish flaked right off the vase ! I now have a clear vase with a couple of blue flakes sticking to it ! Interesting .
 I gave this as an extra gift to a friend who is mad for blue . She went to wash it and all the blue came off and she now has a clear vase . This is not good quality at all and I 've won better items at carnival shill games .
 The pictures looks way better than the actual item . If the glass were as clear as in the picture this item would be great . I have n't tried washing it as the other reviews said , so I did n't get flaking but it looks to cheap to display . The only decent part of it was the size . Maybe if I washed off the blue it would n't look so cheap and I could just dress it up with long flowers or something.I guess in a wedding situation , dressed up and in low lighting or put LED lights inside it would have a better effect for one night .
 These are beautiful mugs but when I ordered three sets of four ... each package arrived with one mug handle broken.The china is very fragile and seems poorly made.Shame because the pattern is lovely .
 It says dishwasher safe and maybe true but I bought the whole set of Artesian Road and they chipped almost immediately . Love the look but the glaze is not thick enough to handle even normal unloading and stacking . TOO BAD . Wish Tracey Porter would use better execution of her great designs . Until then I am not ordering anymore from her and have a set of dishes I 'm going to have to replace .
 Worked fine - then it simply stopped . Seriously - it just stopped working .
 I 'm getting a bit tired of my current Corelle . I found out the pattern is called Classical Garden . I bought two sets of 4 at a Corningware outlet store . They are very nice , very durable , but I just want something different to look at . Just guessing , I 'd say I 've had these for 10 years , and they are still in great shape , look like new . In the past , I 've had Meadow , Wildflower , English Meadow , Blue Lily , Blue Fleur , Pink Trio , Summer Blush , and Fresh Cut . I got tired of those rather quickly . When I got a new one I gave the old one away . So you can see I 've had a lot of experience with Corelle quality.So I get this plate to try it out and see how I like the looks of the pattern . I really like it ; it 's elegant , calm and classy . However , while looking for other patterns -LRB- and most of the ones I like have been discontinued -RRB- , I 've read a bunch of reviews of the newer Corelle patterns -LRB- such as White Flower -RRB- , and found NUMEROUS mentions of warping or waviness of the edge of the plates . I did n't pay much attention until I received this and the dinner plate . Sure enough , I checked them and the edges of both are `` wavy '' - almost a ruffled effect if you look at the edge of the plate from the side . All of my current Corelle plates and bowls are stacked neatly and evenly in the cabinet - put these plates on top of the current dinner and salad plates - you can definitely tell the difference - up and down it goes , round and round the plate - like horses on a merry go round . I liked these White Flower plates because they were calming ! It makes me feel off-balance and nervous to look at these plates on a stack with the edges going all up and down , up and down ! It would make a person seasick if they kept looking at it ! It 's ridiculous to manufacture plates like this . I went to the Corelle website , and when I clicked on the `` Contact us '' to email , it ends up going to World Kitchens , who apparently bought out Corning , Inc , although they claim that Corning , Inc is still manufacturing the Corelle in the U.S. Yeah right ! -LRB- And they never answered my email . -RRB- On World Kitchens -LRB- apparently in Asia -RRB- website I found this : Why are my CORELLE plates warped?The CORELLE dinnerware manufacturing process produces strong , lightweight dinnerware . However , there may be some visible variance on the rims of the items that is noticeable when the dishes are stacked . CORELLE may appear to be warped because they fit so snugly together ; repositioning them in the cabinet may make it less noticeable . This variance is within the guidelines set by our QA -LRB- Quality Assurance -RRB- department and does not affect the performance of the product . There is nothing that can be done in normal household use to cause CORELLE to warp.WHAT ? They `` APPEAR '' to be warped because they fit so snugly together ? Then how come ALL of my other patterns fit snugly together yet were STRAIGHT AND EVEN ??? You can hold these White Flower plates up to the light and see the waves go up and down on the rims ! You can feel it with your fingers ! So just `` reposition '' them so that the waves all match maybe!But since World Kitchens QA Dept has decided that waviness and warping is within their `` guidelines , '' you just have to accept it . All the years of Corelle having straight , even rims without warping and the plates stacking evenly , well ... TOO BAD ! NOT ANYMORE ! They 're supposedly still made by the same manufacturer , yet the quality has gone down 90 % . I 've found many other complaints about this on the internet , so it 's not a fluke , warping is the norm . There are also tons of complaints about the patterns being discolored , unmatching colors , and stamped unevenly or off-center . Great job , World Kitchens . Some people are upset that the sets they order do n't come in a Corelle box , but a plain brown cardboard box , and all the dishes are totally filthy . All the previous sets I purchased , did come in a Corelle box , and the dishes might have had little cardboard specks on them , but they certainly could not be called dirty or greasy.This does n't sound so good either : Why is the back of my CORELLE not smooth ? -LRB- There are ` pin-hole ' markings . -RRB- This mark seen on the back is resulted from the manufacturing process . As this is within the company QA -LRB- Quality Assurance -RRB- criterion and passed by testing agency , it is not covered under warranty.Also this : Why are CORELLE cups , mugs and Chinese rice bowls made of a different material from CORELLE plates and bowls?CORELLE glass compressing process which manufactured CORELLE bowls and plates is not applicable to make CORELLE cup , mug 's shapes with handles and foot of Chinese rice bowl . Hence , CORELLE cups , mugs and Chinese rice bowl are manufactured in Japan using an ultra hard porcelain material which is almost similar to CORELLE glass in strength and colour.Although the cups DID used to be made of the same material . Maybe the new manufacturing process which is n't `` applicable '' to making cups is the same wonderful one that creates the warping on plates which is so acceptable to World Kitchens ' QA Dept.Anyway , as you can see , the answers to these questions were not written by a person entirely familiar with the English language.So , I 'm very disappointed in Corelle going downhill with most everything else that used to be well-made .
 Based on the picture I expected a wider base for this frame to sit by itself . The base is thin and therefore the frame can tip over easily . There is no support on the back of the frame to keep it from tipping over . For the price this product is very cheaply made . I would not waste my money on this item .
 Had a few nicks in the tabletops and they stunk for a week like burned wood . Would not recommend anyone else buy I e if these tables . Also I got the first of my two tables that I ordered at the same time in around a week but did not receive the second one till around two weeks after the first one arrived and had to call their customer support to get that I e delivered because they messed up the order some how which was only two if the same item .
 Easy enough to assemble . . Very poorly engineered . The holes that you glue dowels into are over sized and sloppy . The top arced section has damaged surface
 New Beautiful Tall Linen Cabinet With Glass Doors And Silver-Finish FixturesThis cabinet is actually two small cabinets sitting on top of each other . To insure that the top cabinet will not fall or tip over you have to insert 4 short dowels 2 on each side that causes the cabinet cabinet be VERY wobbly and unstable . The wood cheap solid wood that cracked when we screws the supplied hinges . There is also a very strong chemical odor from the paint they used the is actually noxious.Too bad my wife threw away the box other I 'd have returned it back by now.Be careful if you ordered a tall cabinet and it comes in a 3 ' tall box.I 've learned my lesson .
 I was very disappointed with all of the hardware that came with the cabinet . None of the knobs worked . I Ended up having to go to a hardware store to get new knobs . The screws that hold the hinges were also striped or were not the right size . The doors do not hang correctly . I checked on line and on my receipt to see if there was a customer service phone number . I could n't find one . I was very disapointed .
 Not happy with cabinet for 2 reasons . First reason is , there were way too many pieces to put together and the directions stunk . I prefer to read step by step what pieces go where and not just by looking at pictures . To me looking at pictures take longer . And because of the pictures I missed putting the connector strip in between the boards on the back of the cabinet and had to take the cabinet apart to put them in . This was not easy to do when the directions show to use glue on the dowel rods . If there had been step by step instructions I probably would n't have had to go through all that trouble.The second and most important reason is , The description of the cabinet `` says white bathroom linen cabinet '' which is misleading . In the picture it looks as though it is bright white but it 's not . It is more of an off white or cream color . When I put the cabinet next to my white washer and dryer , it looks dirty or like it had dulled over years . But it is brand new . Now , instead of having the cabinet in the room I wanted it in , I put it in another so it would n't look so bad.Other then that , the cabinet is good for extra storage .
 Huge mistake . The `` wood '' is super cheap composite - like cardboard with a coating over it . It comes in so many little pieces I had to hire a handyman to assemble . The dowels do not hold the parts together , too short , not even with the extra screws my guy added -- it still sways when you touch it and I know when move someday it will fall apart . It was impossible to align the pieces properly . The back wall is several pieces of small cardboard-ish stuff -LRB- instead of one piece that would help with stability -RRB- which keep falling down . The supports for the shelves are extra short -LRB- extra cheap -RRB- so they keep falling out . The holes on the vertical sides are not aligned right so one of my shelves is slanted and there 's nothing I can do . Some hardware was missing from the box so I had to buy extra . This is a ridiculous piece of junk with some good styling to lure you in . I see the price is down from the $ 300 I paid to $ 220-240 . Does n't matter . STAY AWAY !!!!
 I returned this . First , it is not white . It is ivory or off-white which I was unable to tell from the picture . In several places there were nicks in it and the doors did n't really match up well . All in all it is not a very well made product .
 I ordered this cabinet for my bathroom . It arrived and when I opened the box I was shocked to discover the cabinet was gray in color , not a crisp white as in the pic . I figured well that is my fault for ordering online so I went to assemble it anyways -LRB- to much hassle to return -RRB- , and discovered it is defective . One of the side pieces is missing a recessed nut . Now there is no way for me to get it together tonight and I have the pieces all over the bedroom . AGHH !! I guess I wll have to go to home depot tommorrow and try to find a replacement part since I ca n't wait for the company to send me one , not that there was any company contact info in the box . I thought I was saving some time and effort with the purchase , but I as wrong . Try a different cabinet .
 Easy enough to assemble . . Very poorly engineered . The holes that you glue dowels into are over sized and sloppy . The top arced section has damaged surface
 Easy enough to assemble . . Very poorly engineered . The holes that you glue dowels into are over sized and sloppy . The top arced section has damaged surface
 Easy enough to assemble . . Very poorly engineered . The holes that you glue dowels into are over sized and sloppy . The top arced section has damaged surface
 Easy enough to assemble . . Very poorly engineered . The holes that you glue dowels into are over sized and sloppy . The top arced section has damaged surface
 I payed extra for this timer to get matching stainless steel for my professional kitchen . The alarm was so quiet that you could n't hear it over normal kitchen cooking sounds , vent sounds , etc. , much less in another room . I returned it and bought a cheap $ 2 rotary old fashioned timer at Odd Lots - at least it can be heard - even in the living room . Does anyone test these products before they are sold to customers ?
 The first timer was dead on arrival . I called the customer service line and the telephone rep sent out a replacement right away . No problems there at all . The second timer fell off my fridge when a friend bumped into the fridge and the timer 's fall caused battery cover brake . I stuck it back on my fridge anyway . The next time I walked to close the fridge and bumped the fridge , the timer once more tumbled down for its last functional seconds before the screen went permanently blank . This timer looks cool with its finish , but can not hold up to falls from the normal fridge height , which is right where I keep any magnetic kitchen timer .
 Have had a good experience with this from before and needed an additional two.Ordered two of these . One works great , one does n't . It does n't beep .
 I ORDER 2 AMCO TIMERS ON JULY 5,2010 . I LIKED THE ONE THAT MY SON HAD . . I BROKE HIS TIMER & THEN ORDER 2 AMCO TIMERS . WITHIN THE FIRST FEW DAYS THE BACK BROKE THAT SETS THE TIMER UP . . I GOT MY HUSBAND TO GLUE IT FOR ME . . BUT I AM UNABLE TO SET THE TIMER UP . . I REALLY THROUGH IT WOULD LAST A LITTLE LONGER THAN THAT !!! I GAVE MY SON THE OTHER TIMER . . HOPE HIS LAST A LITTLE LONGER THAN MIND !!!
 I returned it because the lid leaked and I spilled my coffee in my car twice !!! I do not recommend at all .
 Am I the only one who finds these stereotypes offensive ?
 I bought this have at work and planned on buying a second eventually to replace my similar functioning unit at home . This unit setup quickly and gives a nice display of time/date/internal temp , but the external receiver is unreliable . I have n't even placed the second unit outside and it is losing signal needing a reset a couple of times a day - from five feet away ! I wish I had tried it sooner and not thrown out the packaging as I would return it if I had .
 I bought this product to replace my `` Oregon Scientific BAR933HGA Message Weather Station '' which recently stopped working . I was completely satisfied with my old model
 The very reason you buy this is to have atomic clock , outside temp , and weather info . It frequently tells me outside is raining when there is no rain in sight . Outside temp is inaccurate , and very slow to respond , Atomic clock show no signal . I have La Cross brand , it is much better .
 It says on the website -- Product Dimensions
 I have out this all over the outdoors and it still does not work . It cindicted out of sunlight , no doors or walls , yet outside to read the temparature . It still does not work for the outside temperature .
 This knife was too heavy and did not fit comfortably in my hand . I bought it with the idea of using it to peel fruit .
 My wife and I were looking to upgrade our Henkel knives and we thought we had found the ultimate kitchen knife in the Shun Ken Onion series . The handle is very comfortable and the blade is excellent . However , despite what seemed like constant attention to quickly drying these knives , each one that we purchased began to rust within a week , just like the Jerusalem Steel they are designed to excel . We were so conscientious that I ca n't imagine more more we could have done . We were told by store clerks that they have never heard of this , but it happend to each of our knive . I urge any buyer to research this risk and the required maintenance fully .
 Good to look at , solid and comfortable to use but , mediocre sharpness . I can put a razor edge on a five dollar Victorinx . Impossible with this particular Shun but easy with my Ken Onion Chef 's model .
 The rug that was shipped to me was not a Bowron brand rug . The rug I received was a High Country brand and judging by its looks it appeared to have been previously returned .
 Do not waist your money even if it is $ 1.00 . It shreds or breaks befor you start working with it !
 Two of the knives in the set had nicks in them . I returned the set to Amazon . The return process was easy to use .
 I ordered this banner about a year ago , was notified that they were out of stock , yet I was still charged for the full price of the banner . Hope you do n't get turned over like I did .
 Buyer Beware - It might have been a lemon , but one month after the basic warranty expired in April 2004 , the display on our Sharp microwave all but disappeared , making it very hard to use . Soon after , our Sharp microwave started to trip the circuit breaker . Some of the quick-cook selections are plain silly , unless you like the same few meals over-and-over . The noise from this microwave is terrible , too ! And do n't count on the effective capacity to be what is advertised . If you scan the consumer rating mags , you 'll see a sharp -LRB- pun intended -RRB- drop in Sharp product reliability in recent years.We had a Quasar -LRB- Panasonic -RRB- microwave that performed without a glitch for over twenty years until 2003 . We think you 're going to be really disappointed with a Sharp microwave that probably works only one year .
 After only two years , the buttons failed . This microwave is totally useless , since I ca n't turn it on .
 Very unhappy with this product . Received it around the first week in November , 2006 . By Christmas Eve , it had completely stopped working . Now I have to drive 80 miles -LRB- in my truck -RRB- to have it repaired -LRB- hopefully -RRB- at the nearest service center . This will entail taking off from work , spending money on gas -LRB- dropping it off and picking it up -RRB- , and hoping they fix it . The other option is to ship it to the service center for about $ 30 to $ 60 -LRB- round trip -RRB- . Sharp will fix it as it only worked for about 7 weeks , but I am responsible for transporting it . I just bought another microwave from Sears .
 Looks OK , but made cheaply . Noisy while running and makes a loud noise when closing the door . I would not recommend it .
 The microwave was defective . Fortunately , Amazon agreed to take it back with full refund . I am definitely switching brands on my next purchase .
 The microwave worked well , but who designs a microwave where you have to press the power level button SEVEN times in order to get a power setting of 30 % ????? I just wanted to defrost a chicken breast . Since that was n't one of the pre-programmed foods for defrosting , I tried to set the microwave to defrost for a few minutes . But who has the patience to punch that power level button all those times to reduce the power level to 30 % for defrosting ????
 The digital display failed in our first R-410CK . Our second R-410CK sometimes started up by itself . Eventually it started blowing circuit breakers in the house.The digital display also failed in our R-430EW , which we only used a couple of times.All of this happened out of warranty , and the parts/repair cost more than buying a new oven . Also , the city charges $ 15 just to haul one of these away.Buyer beware !!
 This microwave was purchased to replace a similar 1200 watt Sharp microwave that I had had so many years that I do n't remember when I got it . The display no longer worked so we purchased this one as it had most of the same features and was the same wattage . I noticed immediately that it takes nearly twice as long to cook or reheat as the older one . Checked the watts used and found it was only drawing 850 watts . Did not get any satisfaction from repair services . They put me through the test described in the manual -LRB- heating water -RRB- and since the water heated in the given amount of time , they said it was working ok . It 's not . It works but slowly . I did not get what I paid for .
 This is the worst piece of trash that I have ever seen pawned off as a vacuum ! Uniformly , I have found that bagless vacuums work at about 1/5th of the capacity of bag vacuums . This cheap piece of garbage is poorly fitted and constructed , cheaply made , has no suction , and in every way is difficult to use . This went to Goodwill one week after I bought it . I did n't even feel like expending the time , money or energy to ship it back to the store in New York that it originated at .
 I wanted to save money and the reviews were so positive , I sprang for this -- and managed to live with the burden of using these awkward , dull things for a long time before I decided that life was too short and went back to paying for Friskars .
 Though I 'd save money and buy these . They are about half as thick as the original charcoal prefilter , so I doubt they will do as an effective job or last as long as the originals .
 Confirmed observation by previous reviewer - not the same as a Honeywell-branded filter - about half as thick . Advertising a little misleading which does imply a `` Honeywell/Enviracaire '' prefilter . I am anticipating my HEPA filter will now clog more quickly unless I replace these about twice as often as I 'm used to . The ad should not say `` Honeywell '' in it .
 These generic brand -LRB- s -RRB- have the same in thickness as the available Honeywell version . Honeywell has changed to a `` Universal Replacement '' version for all it 's prefilters , and yes , they are -LRB- all -RRB- not as thick as they once were . I have recently used both Honewell and other manufacturer 's versions of this product , results seem the same for any maker . Thickness may not be the issue , read on to see why.The key seems to be the activated carbon component or lack thereof . Some of these prefilters seem almost non-effective to the point I 've considered they might be just sprayed/colored black , and could be lacking -LRB- or highly under utilizing -RRB- any activated carbon . I am concerned about quality control here . The original filters were , at first , terrific , giving a thrilling improvement in my breathing . However , this result dissipated quickly , I suspect because of the surface area of the activated carbon being `` used up '' in having done it 's job.The `` Universal Replacement '' prefilters are less thick than the original prefilters , but increased thickness may not be the solution . I have tried doubling them . After a point , a certain thickness of the mesh prefilters is sufficient to collect particulates -LRB- dust , pollen , lint etc -RRB- . The prefilter stops larger stuff , the inner , HEPA filter takes out smaller -LRB- specs say to .03 microns -RRB- . But the porosity of the mesh prefilter must be balanced to let air come in while allowing an efficient quantity of air to come into contact with the activated carbon surface . Once the carbon is `` used up '' it is no longer effective . At that point the machine may still be filtering particulates , but no longer effects VOC 's and other things for which the activated carbon is useful.My solution is to change these prefilters very , very frequently -LRB- twice a week ! -RRB- . The prefilters have 2 jobs , but they cease to be usfull as active carbon components long before they stop being useful as larger particulate filters . It 's fairly easy to feel the results . New prefilter = better breathing . I have reduced household contaminants/exposure . It 's unlikely that there is an unusual out-gassing problem in my home . I have had similar difficulties at multiple venues.To clean the air , the air must contact the carbon -LRB- this is why the noisy fans , an entire review issue in itself , are be necessary -RRB- . I 'm now researching units containing much larger amounts of activated carbon -LRB- like Austin Air HealthMate -RRB- . My concern is the surface area of the activated carbon . Despite having 17 pounds of carbon in them , once the surface area of the carbon becomes coated with the contaminantes it removes , new air just passes over . Will I need to have a truckload of the carbon beads/rocks in the garage ? Could a stirring mechanism/some way to clean/recycle the carbon beads be added ? I 'd love constructive responses .
 This is a bad product . It broke after two nights of usage . It is very hard to get the air back out of the mattress , and it really was n't durable at all .
 I purchased this product NEW and when it came in the mail today , it has a MANUFACTURING DEFECT as there was a rip between the two sections , 2 inches long . The maker of the product does not have a warranty or guarantee , even if it ` s a defect from the manufacturer . Good luck filing a complaint , because they do n't have supervisors and unless you can write Chinese your complaint is on deaf ears ! The company that sent me the product were troopers , they just have to deal with a manufacturing company who do n't back up thier product .
 I was very disappointed that the bed lost air the first night of use as I was staying at my son 's home to care for a toddler as a new baby was being born . Waking up with a backache did n't help me function at my best . Also , every night the noisy pump had to be used to re-inflate the bed , much to the annoyance of us all with a new baby at home with a light-sleeping toddler.I told my son he could throw out the bed upon my leaving as I would not use it again while visiting them .
 I order this queen size bed a few weeks back . To my suprise i found the bed had a dimension of 55 `` X75 '' , which is a dimension of double size bed . I contacted the company backstore.com and i got the worst customer service . They are trying to convence me that they sent the right dimension bed and they would n't replace it . Also have a pretty bad return police.May i should have given a second thought before buying from this company backstore.com.Hope some one finds this useful .
 I inflated this bed last night and by this morning it had deflated significantly . Unless you appreciate a sore back and neck , stay clear of this item . Remember ... you get what you pay for . I guess I needed a reminder of this to the tune of $ 85 including shipping .
 If you like sleeping on a waterbed , then you might like this bed . A single person on the bed rolls to a valley in the middle of the bed . If you try to lie on the edge , the channels rock you back and forth . After trying to inflate this to desired firmness , I can not . It never gets firm ! You can not get out of the bed because the sides squish away from under you . Online description says height is 20 inches from the floor when inflated - box dimensions say 19 , but I was only able to reach 17 after many tries to increase inflation . It does not completely fill in under 3 minutes , either ! I plan to pack it up and send it back . After finding out the seller will not refund the shipping fee -LRB- more than 50 % of the item cost -RRB- and a possible restocking fee of 30 % for not getting it back in the box in perfect condition -LRB- who can get an airbed back in the box after inflating and deflating it ! -RRB- plus my cost to return it , I will end up losing more than I spent . Guess I will keep it and make it a pet bed instead .
 I should have listened to the other reviews , which were highly critical of this product . The price was attractive to me , and so was the product description . But do not be fooled ; there is a good reason as to why a queen size air mattress is so cheap . First let us start with the fact that it is not really a queen size . After inflating it now three times , it has yet to achieve a queen size . Next , the bed sends you directly to the middle while you sleep . I believe that this is because it is loosing air all night , since it is quite airless by the morning . Now , I will grant that I have been sleeping on it with my wife -LRB- as a temp bed while we are moving -RRB- , but should n't a queen fit two easily ? It claims to have a 400lb max , with our combined weight being well under 300lb . Regardless , our backs ache now at 8:37 am . I can not imagine getting our money back , and we need a bed anyway . BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK ...
 This bed seemed like a really good deal , but after a month of sleeping on it , one morning I woke up sunk down to the middle . The mattress would n't hold air and after looking for holes for about 2 hours I gave up . I love the idea of the automatic inflate remote and the deflate release button was cool , but I just wish I could 've found the mysterious hole . -LRB- The bed was only up against one wall and there was nothing on the wall to pop the bed , in case you were wondering -RRB- .
 Do n't be fooled . This is not a queen bed . Double sheets fit it fine . Besides the complete misrepresentation as to its size , the bed is fine .
 This is cheap junk . The mattress never really got firm no matter how long I kept the pump on . Also there was a burning smell and light smoke coming from the pump after only being on for 30 seconds . So I guess it was about to catch on fire . I hardly used it and it sprung a leak after 40 days . Since it was past the 30 day period I could n't take it back for a refund . Intex customer service is awful . After being on hold for 30 minutes they automatically hang up on you . There is no email address to contact them at their website -LRB- I wonder why ??! -RRB- . Looks like I wasted $ 50 on this junk . Save yourself a lot of headaches and get an airbed at Walmart . At least you can get a refund if it leaks before 90 days.Note
 This is a great company but this particular model is a very poor design . the bottom in NOT flat . The bottom has an outer ridge all the way around that is 8 inches wide and is 3 to 4 inches in depth which makes the center portion of the bottom hollow . This makes the mattress feel like one of those old antique mattresses you see in the old movies where the people , especially two people , roll to the middle of the mattress . If they make one that has a flat bottom I would buy that model . Everything else about the mattress is very nice .
 Even though their standard shipping charges is listed as $ 5.50 per shippment , when I checked out the shipping and handling totaled $ 30.00 . What a waste of my time .
 While comfortable , it loses air overnight and you wake up and have to pump it up .
 I buy the INTEX 66703e rising comfort queen airbed . Imediatly used it inflate but do not hold the air . Piece of trash . I order in here with BACKSTORE -LRB- vitalityweb -RRB- and they said no warranty , no guarantee I lost the $ 70.75 I paid with shipping could used not even one time.They should said the no guarantee , no warranty in the same description of item not in other pages if I knew i did order it . Waist of money .
 this mattress was used for 1 night -LRB- 7 hours -RRB- to accomodate a 120lb person and within 24 hours was flat as a pancake
 Beyond disappointed ! The poster I received is not the same as the poster in the picture ! There is no red border , the color of the poster is bright yellow , the French words in red are not even on the poster . I wish I could post a picture of how different it looks for all of you to see . Poster Revolution at least put up a picture of the actual product you are selling , when you do n't it 's called false advertising !!!
 The poster was nothing like the displayed photo . Mine did n't have any of the red lettering details . The Cat on the poster that I received had none of the detailing on the face or on the legs . The cat was just a black figure . I will never buy a poster from them again . You get what you pay for , a cheaply made $ 2.00 poster . Please do n't buy this poster form them !
 We bought this unit new . It had to be serviced twice while under warranty . The sensor that knows if the door is shut went bad , shutting down the unit , the second time , another sensor or fuse went bad shutting off the unit.Now we are out of warranty and it is dead again.Time to try a different unit .
 I had a Sharp over-the-range 18yrs and it worked beautifully , no problem , but I wanted an up to date model so I purchase a Sharp R-1512 , over-the-rangeMicrowave Feb. 2005 for $ 262.00 , July 2006 the sensor control lights went out and probably needs a new circuit board for a cost of $ 142.00 plus service call $ 65.00 and labor cost and most likely cheaper to buy a new microwave . -LRB- warranty only l year -RRB- Needless to say I would n't recommend it .
 Mine is just like many of the other posts I 've read about Sharp microwaves `` shorting out '' and actually catching fire ... . Unfortunately , I only read those reviews after this happened to us ... Exactly two weeks after the warranty expired . Went to heat a cup of water and BRRRRRRRRZZZZZZZZZZ ... . Flames were shooting out the from the inside ... . had a repair estimate and it would be almost 3/4 of what I paid originally!Save your money ! This is a piece of junk !!!
 Cook for the Cure ! What could be better ? Well , a Silpat , really . I really want to like this mat but it buckles and distorts while baking , and baked goods stick to the surface . As a craft mat , my daughter likes it fine.My thought is , instead of buying this , support Cancer research directly and buy good quality silicone baking sheets that you will love for years .
 I have several silicone mats that I use for baking cookies . This is by far the worst . It bubbles and buckles making the cookies bake unevenly . I imagine that it would work fine as a craft mat - thank you to the reviewer who suggested that - but for a baking mat , go another route .
 It 's such a great idea , right ? Do n't have to really worry about getting the pan all stained and dirty , and the food wo n't stick ! But , I 've found that there 's a limited amount of things I can use the silicone baking mats for . Anything I use them with comes out soft and chewy , which is nice for some things , but I usually like the cookies I bake to have just a little bit of crispiness around the edges . I used these once , and they 've been in my pantry ever since .
 I ca n't remember the last time I came across such a miserable , worthless product -- this is a real STINKER ! I ca n't imagine what it 's good for , other than wasting our money and making money for some large corporation that parents KitchenAid!You certainly ca n't bake with these mats ' o hell -- everything sticks -LRB- even with non-stick spray which makes the cookies taste awful -RRB- , and you have destroyed cookies that crumble as you are tearing thier stuck butts off of the mat ! UGG ! And the kitchen reeks of a terrible heated plastic smell which settles on the cookie a little -- even my dog smelled the offered cookie twice , and he never does this!YECH!Parchment paper is more expensive in the long run -- but SO much easier and functional , and well perfect . I will never veer away from parchment paper again!AVOID THIS ONE LIKE THE PLAGUE !!!!!!!!!
 Having bought EVERY pink item in the last several months . I was dismayed to discover that none of the money was going to CFTC just because I had bought them . Seems that in VERY small print on the hang tag , there is a disclaimer . You have to go online and register the product . Only then will KitchenAid fork over the Money ... . Yes for something as small as a set of measuring cups or a knife , you have to register.Of course I discovered this long after I had thrown away the hang tags . So I went to LOWES and wrote down the UPC from the items they still stocked there . They were out of several items I have and did n't know if they were getting any more . So now I am off to the mall kitchen store . Wish me luck . Oh and SAVE those hang tags.I am posting this same complaint on every kitchenaid item at amazon
 it 's more like a toy . get the electric one instead if you need to process a lot of tomatoes
 I bought some years ago the same one but in blue . Some months later segments of the LCD started to fail . The device was siting in a drawer . Then I bought this one because I thought that this problem was corrected but no . Some LCD segments are not working anymore . Also , the screen gets scratched very easily . Not recommended .
 The battery cover is ugly and not easy to close . There is no on-off button to save the battery life .
 It said I could only stay in the sun for 20 minutes before getting burned , very inaccurate . It also broke in a week .
 This product does not work . All of the displays will show up , but it will not register any UV Index . It shows zero for the UV Index even when testing in bright mid-day sun . A complete waste of money .
 i was excited to get 300 tc sheets for such a good deal ... when i received them i realized why they were so cheap ... it 's because of the 40 % polyester . they do not feel like 300tc cotton sheets AT ALL ... i got 360tc cotton sheets from amazon for just a few dollars more and those are well worth it . these i would pass on .
 Only useful for cleaning up the mess that dogs make inside the house . Flimsy , tear easy . . As the other reviewer said , they will bleed color on to your other clothes in the wash.There 's a reason these things are on clearance . Horrible Quality . Do n't let the thread count fool you , these are GARBAGE .
 Most of the time I get a good deal shopping for bargains on Amazon , but this was n't one of those times . The sheets were mediocre quality . That would 've been fine had they fit properly , but they were exceptionally baggy and the elastic was weak . Waste of my money .
 If you just want rather low-end sheets , then you might as well buy them for a similar price from a local discounter such as Walmart etc. . The reason many of us buy sheets from Amazon is to get a high-end product at a reasonable/attractive price . If that describes you , these sheets are NOT for you . With all that polyester thrown in , these sheets are really no different from cheap 200TC sheets you might have seen at your local discounter . If you do still order these , rest assured that you are ordering from a store with one of the best customer service around .
 Even though these sheets were a 300 thread count , they were manufactured using such fine thread that they ended up being very thin and flimsy . Only redeeming value is the low price . Would not recomend these sheets unless your only other choice is sleeping on a mattress !
 I bought this dish about 6 months ago and use it on a regular basis . However , when baking some fish at moderate oven temperature -LRB- 375 -RRB- , it split into two separate pieces with a loud `` crack '' ; there was no extreme temperature changes either.Go figure .
 I used it three times and it cracked in half ! Completely separated into two pieces in the oven . There was no extreme in temperature and the temperature was well below the listed limit . I 'm very disappointed . I 've bought cuisinart appliances and have always been happy with quality so I thought that this would be a sturdy functional product . Not so .
 the worst customer service on earth !!!! it took 4 weeks to get phone calls returned , i have spoken to 5 different persons that never followed up or sent a swatch sample as promised . a vangogh customer rep just hanged up on me and never said buy when i called him back he said he will e mail me the information -LRB- it has been 2 weeks and still waiting !! -RRB- . it seems like the vangoh employees love too much their sofa to sell them , they making every effort to prevent from selling succeeded i finally gave up chasing them and spent my money somewhere else.overall a very bad experience with very rude and unprofessional people
 I purchased this knife and was twice sent the wrong knife . I returned the first wrong knife and was sent a second wrong knife . When I returned the second knife I got conflicting e-mails . One said I would be receiving the correct knife and the second said I was being issued a refund . I waited and received neither . I had to call twice to finally get by money refunded . I would have liked to receive the knife I ordered . I think Amazon owes me the knife for all the inconvenience I was put through . Thank you .
 Totally see thru does n't add the slightest bit of privacy it is a light blue tint to the window TOTALLY SEE THRU ... . ADDS ZERO PRIVACY >> >> > ZIP
 We bought this microwave 2 years ago . It worked well during that time , but it recently stopped working . We were warming up some food when the microwave started smoking . When we opened the door , all we could smell was the stench of burnt plastic.After waiting a day for the smell to clear out , I tried running the microwave with nothing in it . After 10 seconds , I opened the door and could again smell the burnt plastic . On the right side of the microwave behind the metal grate where all the wiring is , I could hear sizzling.The internal wiring was melting and that was causing the smell and smoke . In searching for a new microwave to replace this one , I read in Consumer Reports that Sharp brand microwaves are a `` repair-prone brand . `` As other reviewers have stated , this is a good , basic microwave . But , if you are expecting it to last for several years , I 'd select a different brand and model . Frigidaire , Whirlpool , Maytag , Amana , GE , and Kenmore -LRB- Sears -RRB- all get good ratings for reliability from Consumer Reports .
 We 've had an earlier model range hood style Sharp oven for five years . We 've had to replace the circuit board and it has gone through three door handles . There is no one in our household who misuses appliances , so the door handle problem -- plastic that is not strong enough to withstand the pulling pressure of the door catch -- simply shows the inferior quality of Sharp parts . I 've actually hoped that the oven itself would stop working so I 'd have a legitimate reason to replace it ; I ca n't bear the idea of throwing out a functioning appliance . This is why I give it 2 stars . But this machine will have cost me $ 150 in repairs if I replace the broken handle again .
 We bought this from Amazon in April 2008 . Great price ... arrived promptly . It broke this past weekend ... the light in the inside turns on , but the motor wo n't turn on . It has a warranty for 5 years on the Heating element , so I called 2 Sharp approved repair centers . It will cost 89.00 trip charge , just to diagnose the problem . One company applies the $ 89.00 to the cost of the repair , the other adds labor and parts to that.So , for our family it was not a bargain .
 Well I bought this didnt want to spend too much on a replacement and it works okay but its cheap construction and may not fit in existing holes so you may have to redrill new holes to mount it after using it about 4 months the heat from the stove warped the door opening button so I have to call they came out and did fix it but for about another $ 100 could of had a much better model GE or something like that if you need a cheap replacement its okay but I would not rebuy I would spend more ...
 I had been looking for a nine inch square baking dish , and thought this one would work . When it arrived , I noted that the sides of the dish were so sloped that the capacity was greatly diminished , and when I test-measured using water , sure enough , it only held 1.5 qts . Was very disappointed . Quality was OK , so I kept it -LRB- shipping charges made it too expensive to return -RRB- . So am still looking for a true nine inch square dish !
 The handle broke off after only 2 years of use . I am unable to repair it with superglue . I would not buy a Pinzon product again .
 It says this is dishwasher safe - it 's NOT ! The clear bowl deformed horribly the first time through the dishwasher even on the top rack . Lid never did fit properly , now it does n't at all , one use and into the trash ! Save your money !
 This would be great if the cover fit better . It is hard to keep the cover on but you can use it still . Amazing what washes off what you think is clean .
 Whoever designed this product never used it . Almost impossible to line up the lid with the spin mechanism . The bowl is not perforated so all the muck you spin out seaps back into the food .
 Do n't believe the statement that this spinner is dishwasher safe . I followed directions and washed it on the top rack . It emerged with hundreds of fine cracks all the way around , and now it leaks . When I pick it up , it makes a creaking sound , and soon , it 's obviously going to break . The plastic bowl is extremely low quality . It bends with the slightest pressureThis product is not durable enough to withstand normal use . Do n't buy it .
 Does n't `` dry '' the lettuce . No holes in the bowl so water sits on lettuce . Hard to put the top on , it fits weird . I really do n't use it .
 Its not easy to wash lettuce in this and getting the lid off is impossible sometimes . There are better brands out there .
 The only problem I have with this salad spinner is that the outer clear container does not have any holes for water to drain so the water backs up . Probably better off spending a little more money to get one that has better drainage .
 I purchased two because the price was great . However , the quality is low due to large manufacturing tolerances . On one unit , the top did not fit the base , making the spinning difficult . Oddly , by swaping the top on one unit with the base on the 2nd unit , both could be made to work adequatly . However , once you have spun your greens , there is no way to remove the snapped on top because there is nothing to grab on to . You have to pull up on the spinning knob , which means the unit will not last long . I would not purchase again because it is so difficult to use . Perhaps the unit you buy will fit better . Good luck .
 I have been looking for a salad spinner for a long time , having been addicted to my old housemate 's OXO Good Grips salad spinner . I was looking for a deal , but then this purchase reminds me of the adage you get what you pay for . First off , Pinzon based on the insert inside , is Amazon 's Private Label brand . If this salad spinner is indicative of the quality of sourcing , I would say stay away unless you want to contribute to landfill .1 . The spinner works , but it is made of the kind of plastic you find in goods at the `` dollar store '' , it 's brittle and feels flexible that it 's ready to crack at any time . The OXO is solid and sturdy .2 . The tolerances and material . The fittings of the lid to the bowl are off , you can get it on , but it 's effort and frustration . The alignment is the problem and because while putting the lid on you are flexing the bowl making it a difficult fit.The price of $ 25.00 is misleading , dollar for dollar go with the OXO Salad Spinner , it 'll last a lot longer , give you a lot less grief . I wish I had . I 'm going to stick with it since if I return it , it ca n't be resold and will end up in a landfill anyway . Cheap stuff not meant to last is no bargain . There are good values out there , but this salad spinner is not one of them .
 It works but its not well made . Its hard to get the top on and off . Its nearly impossible to get the inner basket , the outer bowl and the top to snap together properly . Not much thought was put into designing this device . Poorly designed tools are not worth buying regardless of how low the price is . I 'd by a different model if I had to do it again .
 If mine was not defective it should be considered so . The lid would not lock securely in place and the darn thing would wobble about . Also the basket would wobble inside and touch the walls of the container while trying to spin . What a disaster .
 These are indeed `` write on/wipe off '' strips , and they look very nice on a magnetic white dry-erase board . But read the description very closely . The same markers that work on the magnetic white dry-erase board will PERMANENTLY mark these labels . The only marker that will work on these strips is a water-soluble marker -LRB- like kids ' Crayola markers -RRB- . You 'll have to get a bowl of water and paper towels or tissues to clean these off , rather than the ease and convenience of using the same dry-erase markers/eraser you use on the board itself . It 's in the description , but you 'll have to ready thoroughly to pick it up . If the water-soluble feature is n't a problem for you , these work great ! I just ca n't believe they made them for a dry-erase board , intended them to be able to be erased , but then used a surface that is permanently marked by those same dry-erase markers that work so nicely on the board . Also , note the 7/8 '' width - if you later want to get a roll so you can custom cut the strips , you 'll be hard pressed to even find that same width -LRB- if you can even find it - so far we have n't -RRB- . Consider 1 '' wide strips instead , so you can later get a roll of the same width to custom cut later on if needed .
 This product says write-on/wipe-off , but they have given the surface a matte finish that really provides a `` smear-off '' result . The words are wiped off , but a colored smear is left behind.Too expensive to return -- so will use and throw away . What a waste .
 I 've had this knife for about 3 weeks now , and have used it about 10 times since I bought it . Already , I can feel the blade dulling . I was unable to successfully slice a tomato yesterday without smooshing it a little . . how disappointing .
 I bought this knife 1 week back . At the first use itself , I did not find the edge sharp enough.The more critical problem was with the handle . The handle is very smooth & is very difficult to get a good grip while cutting.Decided to return back !
 once it broke -LRB- ! -RRB- so I replaced it . after it 's got rusty -LRB- ! -RRB- - maybe it 's cheap but I would not buy it instead of you ... I ca n't wait to buy `` global '' knife .
 I have owned this blanket for less than a month so I can not make any judgment about its longterm durability , but the first -LRB- and only -RRB- time it was washed it shed like a buffalo in springtime , and the dye used on the `` moss '' green was not colorfast in warm water and detergent . I gave it two stars because it is reasonably warm , and has an attractive weave .
 i SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER AT $ 8.55 - I KNEW SOMETHING HAD TO BE UP WITH THIS BLANKET . FIRST OFF , MY LABEL SAYS `` CHATTAM '' NOT MARTEX . IT IS ROUGH AND VERY HEAVY . LASTLY AND MOST ANNOYING - I BOUGHT THE NAVY AND IT SHEDS ALL OVER EVEN AFTER WASHING IT . I HAVE TO VACUMN MY BEIGE CARPETING EVERY TIME I UNFOLD THIS BLANKET . AWFUL QUALITY ! A REJECT !
 I wished I had read the other reviews before purchasing . The blanket is warm but has pilled our brand new sheets badly . I have just washed it and it is NOT colorfast . Next time I will read before buying .
 Taking it out of the package , I could see that it was loosely woven and feel that it was very rough . Then I noticed the thick threads were coming loose . With washing , it does seem to have softened a tiny bit , and shrunk so that it seems more tightly woven . However , I do n't see myself actually using this blanket as anything but an extra blanket for really cold days . That way , maybe it will last longer .
 Original item is very small when compared to the picture shown . . and i am disappointed with this purchase because iten is very expensive and and not value for money .
 I knew when I purchased this item that it was NOT an air conditioner and that I should not expect the cooling power of an air conditioner . I did expect that it would lower the room temperature by 12 degrees as advertised . After reading the instructions , setting it up , and filling the tank , I let it run in a small bedroom from 5pm until 11pm . After 6 hours the room was not only still hot , but now it was hot and slightly humid as well . People said this works better in dry climates . I live in Southern California surrounded by desert , about as dry as you can get . I felt I had givin it a fair chance and returned the machine .
 This unit is the same as the Tayama Air Cooler TC-998 and works as poorly.Only after filling the entire tray with ice and water chilled overnight does this thing have any cooling effect and even than , it 's only for an hour or so.Anything less then ice and ice water will do nothing more than generate humidity and waste power.Save your money and buy a real AC unit for supplemental cooling .
 bought this product from a vietnamese supermarket for the same price as offered here . used the evaporative function for about a week , then it started leaking . Took it apart found no cracks in the water tray , also tightened up the drain plug with teflon tape , still leaked . put a ring of plumbers putty where drain hole in water tray meets the frame and reseated the water tray . Did not leak for about an hour , so I left for work , came back home after a few hours , the towels I placed around the bottom on the unit was soaked , leaked again . Can not return it as I 've thrown the box and reciept away . The fan function is powerful and works good not sure about how good the ionizer works , but it is always on . Once the unit dries off , I will just use the fan function . Unit is also very light and is attractive , too bad it leaks , will not get another one .
 Well if I could give a rating of less than 1 star I definatly would , the output is warm to hot air unless of course you dump a 5 pound bag of ice in the tray and some water , the highest setting is less powerful than the lowest setting on a $ 20 fan . A total waste of money , you need to be seated within 1 to 3 feet away from it to feel any kind of air from it . DONT waste your money on this junk .
 I purchased this expecting to make the room slightly cooler at the very least I expected it to work as described.However it does n't make the room any cooler than a low powered fan using the lowest settings . I did everything as instructed and even bought a bag of ice to put in the water tray and still ... not much cooler if cooler at all really than a low powered fan you can buy for $ 10 I ca n't recommend that ANYONE for ANY reason EVER buy this product .
 This product was not what I expected . I realized that this was not going to have the cooling power of an A/C , but I at least expected it to be a little bit cooling . This is pretty much a bigger more expensive fan . I filled the unit with water , ice and the ice packs included and I never felt the air coming from it any cooler . Unfortunately , the store I purchased it from does not take returns on coolers and I would have to return it to the manufacturer . I would have to pay return shipping fees and the manufacturer charges a 15 % restocking fee ... not worth it . So , looks like I 'm stuck with it and now $ 100 short because of it . I just use it as a fan now , at least it works for that . I suggest you save your money up and buy a portable A/C instead . It will be a better investment .
 This is not what is boast it is , it is just a humidifier . I was hoping for even a couple degree difference in my home but it did n't cool the air at all . Heck it barely hydrated it . I returned it immediately .
 This model is not as good as model 611 . It is only good for a small small room . The model 611 was a much better cooling unit .
 As others have noted this does not cool and adds little moisture to the air . I use this in Colorado , a dry climate . On a 85 - 90 degree day , using a digital thermometer it just got warmer and warmer in a 10x10 ' room , hotter than the outside temp.I added duracool swamp cooler pads cut to fit in the back , as another reviewer suggested -LRB- THANKS ! -RRB- . It does work better like this . I do n't see how the manufacturer can claim this cools , did they even test the thing ?
 The remote worked well but that was about it . It did not put out any cool air . I 've since purchased a Ultracool with the same capacity -LRB- water and BTU reduction -RRB- and it works very well . It keeps my entire 29 ' Fifth wheel at very livable temps . For instance , yesterday the hottest temp was at 4 pm -LRB- 99 degrees -RRB- and that was the first time I turned on the AC . Had been using the evaporative -LRB- swamp -RRB- cooler all day long . Only used the AC -LRB- 1,500 watts -RRB- for 3 hours yesterday and 8 hours of 60 watt evaporative cooler . That 's a substantial savings . I expect this $ 180 swamper to recoup its cost this summer alone . Next year will be all pure savings .
 This product does not have a wet pad it has a thin mesh netting that hardly gets wet . It does not blow cool air . If you are looking for a portable swamp cooler look at another product . Do not buy this and expect a working evaporative cooler .
 this is a very cheaply made and does n't work as advertised.The only thing I found helpful was the return process .
 This is a complete waste of money . All it is is an oversizer , poor quaility fan . I am only going to use it during the winter as a humidifier .
 The SPT SF-613 does not work as an evaporative cooler as supplied . It does not output air at a temperature lower than the supply air temperature . Noticing no temperature change in a 150 square foot room after several hours , I investigated further . I placed a digital kitchen thermometer at the center of the air output of the cooler . Over extended periods of time -LRB- tens of minutes to hours -RRB- I never measured air exit temperatures different than that of the supply air . The problem can be traced to insufficient water evaporation with the water curtain provided . However , I did notice a small , momentary temperature drop when the cool function was turned on and after it was turned off . After a minute or two the temperature will return to the temperature when one started . It appears when the water curtain is fully wet , it does not provide sufficient evaporation to cool the air . However , one can fix the problem for a small amount of money . Purchase a piece of replacement swamp cooler pad from your local hardware store . Follow the directions for cleaning the water curtain but replace the provided water curtain with the swamp cooler pad . You will need a piece 11 '' wide by about 18 '' long . -LRB- I purchased the synthetic , Dacron based cooler pad , trade name `` Dura-Cool '' . -RRB- With the swamp cooler pad in place of the supplied water curtain , I now have output air 10 to 15 degrees F lower than the supply air . The difference is where and when I use cooler.Bottom line is do not buy this item if you expect it to function as a swamp cooler as supplied . If you already have one and want it to function as more than an expensive fan , replace the suppled water curtain with a piece of swamp cooler pad .
 I bought 2 units , and now they are sitting in the basement , do not waste you money .
 My first impression of the cooler was the beat up box it arrived in , though that was more my choice of cheap shipping I guess . I was happy though with the look of the cooler . It 's clean looking , not too bulky , easy to use and clean . However , it barely cools anything even with the ice packs it comes with in it . It is essentially an oversized , overpriced fan . Good luck , I hope yours works better .
 I dont know if the unit I received was defective or manufacturing quality control is not properly check before the product is out for market . I hope the replacement unit is no longer defective and in good condition . I could not recommend to my friend until I received the replacement unit and tested for satisfactory operation .
 This is nothing but an expensive fan . Even though I 've put a lot ice into it , it is not strong enough to even drop the room temperature down to at least 10 degrees . Returned it the next day . Invest on a energy efficient A/C instead .
 Do n't waste your money , buy a $ 20 fan instead . Does the same thing as a box fan . Does n't even cool a 6 ' x 8 ' room .
 DO NOT EVER ORDER FROM THESE VENDORS , I ORDERED A BALLERINA STATUE ON SEPT 8 , 2009 AND HAVE YET -LCB- OCT 23RD 2009 -RCB- TO RECEIVE IT ! WHEN I CONTACTED AMAZON ABOUT THIS THEY SAY THEY DO NOT HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH 3RD PARTY VENDORS ! THERE IS NO INFORMATION ON THE PAGE ON HOW TO CONTACT THE VENDOR ! I AM SURE AMAZON DIDNT MIND TAKING A PERCENTAGE OF THE PURCHASE THOUGH ! THANKS FOR ALL OF YOUR HELPFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE AMAZON ! YOU HAVE LOST A VERY VAULABLE LOYAL CUSTOMER !!! AND TRUST ME I WILL BE SPREADING THE WORD ABOUT THIS EXPERIENCE TO ALL MY FRIENDS AND COWORKERS !!!
 Bought this for my husband and we both initially loved the lightness of it , the low cost and the softness . However , I am going to return it because the feathers `` leak '' out way too much even though it says it is leakproof .
 This blanket is made with a very crisp , stiff fabric -LRB- no doubt used to prevent the down from leaking through -RRB- . Maybe washing will help , but I thought it would be softer and plumper than it is , for the price paid .
 It is a lot thinner than I expected and feathers are flying around everytime you toss and turn , it irriates my eyes making them puffy in the morning .
 I purchased this blanket because I loved the color . That is the only thing it has going for it . There were feathers all over the place and I keep finding random ones in rooms on different floors ! It is now stored in an airtight bag because I ca n't toss it - I paid good money for it .
 I purchased this pan last year . I used it for the 4th time last week and the lid fell apart ! I did not have any problems with the numbers on the dial . they never did rub off . the glass lid was ok but the whole unit got hot , which was expected.What i did not expect was for the knob on the lid to come apart into about 6 or 7 pieces while I was frying chicken . It was a mess . I went to lift up the lid by the knob and all the pieces fell into the hot chicken and on the counter which made grease splash . Luckily I was not burned because I was able to jump back quick enough to avoid the splater . Now the glass lid just has a hole in the center where the knob used to be along with the adjustable window , spring , washers and screws . all of that stuff fell off . Now what do i do with it now ??
 I bought the oster fry pan in sept. 10 . It is now Dec. 2010 . I have used this fry pan perhaps 6 times since purchase . Even tho I only used a teflon spatula , last time I used it I noticed that small flecks of the fry pan teflon surface had lifted . I only fry ground turkey meat for making dog food in the pan . I went to use the fry pan tonight , and now it does not work even though the control shows that it is getting power . My Sunbeam fry pan lasted 32 years . I am going to buy the Cuisinart fry pan at William Sonoma when it goes on sale again . Do not waste your money on this Oster product .
 I bought the Oster 3001 12 '' electric skillet in July of this year -LRB- it is September -RRB- and within 3 uses , the letters & numbers had worn off the temperature control -LRB- by early August -RRB- . I have re-written them with permanent marker , but it does n't last a single clean-up without needing to be re-done , and now I 'm unsure exactly where the numbers were . It is dangerous to use this device , which I otherwise like rather well for cooking , without being able to see what the temperature setting is -- today the ink smeared while I was cooking . I 've had no response to questions to Sunbeam about replacement -LRB- would it be any better to have a new controller sent ? or would it be `` more of the same ? '' -RRB- . I do n't have a stove I can cook with , just skillet & microwave , so am back to nuking everything and out the expense of the new skillet.An update
 I like the frypan to cook with , like the glass top , the square design . It 's easy to clean , and the tilt feature is nice . The quick release of the controller , while a good idea , is very flimsy and should be made of a stiffer material . We 've returned it once because the numbers rubbed off the controller . Our store replaced it with a new one and we very carefully avoided the numbers on the dial until stirfrying some chicken . As soon as oil splattered on the dial numbers , they wiped right off with a paper towel . What good is an electric frypan when you do n't know how hot it is ? We 're going to return it and replace it with something else .
 I loved it the minute I got it , but it has one fatal flaw . The numbers on the tempature dial all rubbed off . I called customer service and this is a common problem . In about 4 to 6 weeks I will get a new dial ... what a hassle . I say get a different product and save yourself 4 to 6 weeks . Other than that I love it . : -RRB-
 Once you plug in the dial , it 's difficult to turn and your hand is so close to the skillet , it 's an accident waiting to happen . The glass top gets searing hot and the top 's handle is an inch away from a steam vent . What were they thinking ? I 've used this item a dozen times and am beginning to hate it . Tomorrow I 'm going to go buy a replacement .
 Call me gullible but I believed reviews that said the heating was even and that this is a very good skillet for the money . I believed it was non-stick . Oster has been a very good name for kitchen appliances so it seemed reasonable to pay twice as much to replace the 11 '' I had from Presto.If one can hate inanimate objects , I hate it . Eggs stick to it , which really PMO . It burns everything unless it is set BELOW SIMMER . My hamburgers have been -LRB- a -RRB- burnt -LRB- b -RRB- raw or -LRB- c -RRB- so dry they are nearly tasteless because the temperature controller has one temperature , HIGH , which these morons have equated to 300 * F if it is on high for X seconds , or 200 * F if it is on HIGH for Y seconds . MORONS i say ... morons!There is NO HEAT SPREADER on this pan . It heats a circle where the element is . Items on the back side do not cook and items on the far left front do not cook at anywhere near the speed of the rest of the food . Everything at the location of the element boils and | or burns unless one stands over the food tending it every second or turns it down so the element does not stay on . I do n't know if food is getting hot enough to kill the germs | bacteria or not cause the setting has to be so low.Want an even brown on a piece of skinless chicken ? Put it over the '' circle of fire '' and inch it along it until it is brown ; flip and repeat . Does anyone have time for that kind of nonsense ? JCA , if I wanted that kind of detail I 'd cook food in a log fire!I can not get it clean because food stuck to it and would not come out | off of the surface . After another week of cooking it is black -LRB- burnt into it iguess -RRB- . In comparison my el cheapo Wally-world Presto 11 '' worked great . I had to return it because the coating began peeling-off after only two weeks . -LRB- I do n't even own metal headed utensils , BTW . -RRB- IF I HAD WANTED TO USE BUTTER , OIL OR LARD I WOULD HAVE BOUGHT A STAINLESS STEEL ELECTRIC SKILLET!Oh , BTW , I have been cooking for 40 years and although I have forgotten and burned my fair share , it is pretty * rare thing . Not with this PP excuse for a temperature controlled electric skillet . Those Oster people need to go back to `` High-Low '' settings and stop the false advertising . -LRB- Yes I remember when getting `` Med '' on a cooker was `` state of the art '' equipment . -RRB- UNLESS YOU DEEP FRY EVERYTHING THIS IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF JUNK . AVOID IT!You have been warned !
 I have had this unit , purchased from Amazon for about a year . I have now had it with it.I was sooooo frustrated with the temperature settings
 Only have used the product two times and the numbers have rubbed off the dial . The power plug does n't want to stay inside the unit . The look of the unit is nice , but the power cord and dial need an improvement . I would n't recommend this unit to anyone until they get this fixed .
 I am sorry but I cant give any approval to this FryPan by Oster . Perhaps for a household for young muscular people but for most kitchens this is a clumsy , heavy piece . I dont say it doesnt work BUT I do say you need muscles to work with it . The glass top is so heavy it could be easily dropped and then what a mess that would be . NO WAY !!!!!! And not everyone has a dishwasher ... this is not easily handled . NO approval on this .
 First , the pros
 Really wanted to like this . Unfortunately , it just did n't work . Receiver lost contact with the transmitter anytime I went more than 5 or 7 feet from it . This was line of sight , indoors , with no objects between them.Changed batteries and reset device several times with no change.I had originally purchased this to make a roast beef for easter brunch . Because the roast took about 6 hours to cook , I planned to put it in the oven late at night and have the receiver wake me when the appropriate temps were hit . Fortunately , I decided to just make the roast on Saturday or I would have just slept all night and awoken to a VERY well done costly hunk of meat , as the receiver lost contact in about 15 minutes.I wish I could give 2,3 , or 4 stars but unfortunately it just did n't work at all .
 This is a great idea and it would be awesome if it worked . Too bad it does n't work half the time . I tried everything to get it to be reliable . What really sucks about this is it will just fail randomly , and it will fail . Worst of all , you wo n't know when it fails . When it desyncs or stops getting a signal there is no visual indicator that this has occurred unless you really watch it . There is a small satellite looking symbol that will flash when it receives data but it only does this about once every minute or so . Really annoying.I 'm not a novice at electronics or wireless devices . I tried everything to get this to maintain a connection . I replaced the batteries with brand new fresh from the store Energizer Lithium Ultimate batteries and it still did n't work . It stop receiving as soon as I went inside or turned around.Others have had success with it , it might be hit or miss . Maybe there are just lots of bad units out there . If you want to play roulette with this product you can give it a shot , it 'd be really awesome if it worked as advertised . It is possible that Maverick just has a horrible or nonexistent QA department . For as much as they charge I really expected something better than I got.To me though , even if I got one that did work it 's too unreliable since there 's no visual indicator of signal quality . You could be sitting watching TV totally unaware you have n't been receiving temp updates for hours . Good way to ruin your meat.I promptly returned this product and ordered aThermoWorks Original Cooking Thermometer/Timer . I recommend this if you have no probe thermometer . If you already have a wired one , forget wireless and just keep using what you have . After reading the reviews on here it seems no one can make a half decent reliable wireless one . ThermoWorks makes a USB one , maybe I 'll just use a laptop and remote desktop , hah .
 Seems like sort of cheap plastics , but that would have been ok if it had worked . I set it all up and started a rib roast , and everything seemed to be working fine . But after a while , the remote unit would lose the current temperature , and display three dashes -- instead of the temp . Resetting it would get it working for a while , but it kept blanking out , sometimes after quite a while , sometimes after only a couple of minutes . I probably had to reset it a half-dozen times during the cooking of a single roast . It would have been more times , but when I knew I was only midway through and the roast would n't be done for a while , I did n't bother to reset it and left it at -- for a while.The final straw came toward the end of cooking when , although the remote unit display had n't blanked out , it seemed like the temperature had n't updated in a while . I reset it and sure enough , the temp on the roast had been rising but the remote display was stuck at a lower temperature until I reset it ! So worse than no display , wrong display . ***** for the idea , *** for the quality of build , and zero * s for not working .
 When I first got this it was a pain to get it to work correctly . My wife was the only one who could get it to work . When it worked it was great and was accurate . Now it does n't even work no matter what we do to it . Also , you should n't have to look at instructions to figure out how to set up a kitchen thermometer ...
 I have tried to like this thermometer but like others have stated this unit is unpredictable with its wireless transmittions . I have over cooked food due to the fact that I did not realize that the unit stopped transmiting the temperature . Its a great feature of being able to monitor 2 types of meats . The reason I wanted this unit was because of that and being wireless . I guess if you dont mind about the wireless feature then by all means go for it .
 Bought this for my husband for Christmas . The idea was that he could monitor the temperature inside the smoker AND the meat he was smoking , all from inside the house -LRB- less than 50 ' away . -RRB- Unfortunately , as soon as he was about 40 ' away from the smoker and just around the corner -LRB- still outside -RRB- it stopped working and he would have to reset everything . It did not work properly from day one . We thought we may have just gotten a bad unit and were going to ask for a replacement . Now we 're told we can only get a refund - `` replacement unavailable . '' Although we see that they are still for sale on Amazon.com -LRB- and $ 7 more ! -RRB- I note other reviewers had to have one or more replacements . I recommend searching for a better brand .
 The first Maverick I recieved never worked . It was promptly replaced , but after one cookout one of the probes quit working it then just became a single wireless thermometer . After another cookout the wireless quit working . I 'm not one to complain so I just went to wally world and got a brand that worked .
 This unit is suppossed to have a range of 100 feet but loses communication with nothing but open air between transmitter and receiver at 50 to 75 feet . Nice features on the receiver but My main reason for purchase was the remote capability , which does not work well . I believe my wireless router for the computer may be the cause , but that should have been taken into account in the design of the unit . A stronger transmitter or better receiver would make this into a 5 star unit .
 I bought a high-end Cookshack smoker several months ago . It is a wonderful product , but did not come with a temperature probe . Opening the door while smoking can adversely affect what you cook , so this wireless thermometer with two , independent probes seemed like exactly what I needed to fill that gap . And it was , for the few weeks it lasted ... The first probe died after only three uses despite that I never cranked the unit above 225 degrees . It was n't the thermometer or remote unit , as the other probe worked fine in either port and the receiver was perfectly synched with the base unit , but for some reason the probe began registering a temperature some sixty degrees off reality . The second probe worked for eight uses before dying as well . Rather then trying to replace the probes tossed this piece of junk and picked up a competitor 's product . The TruTemp unit comes with only one probe and no remote , but it was half the price and has lasted three months with no problems . Sadly the Maverick has a great concept , one I really wish had worked , but without sufficient quality or reliability it does not succeed with it . I doubt that I will ever purchase their products again . Just ca n't trust 'em ...
 I recently bought myself a Weber Smokey Mountain smoker , and wanted to get a wireless thermometer for monitoring pork , chicken & other goodies during `` low ... slow '' cooking.I started with a Walmart unit with a single probe , but the range just plain sucked . It could n't transmit from the smoker on the back porch to inside the house very well at all . We 're only talking 30-40 feet , versus the claimed range of `` up to 100 feet . `` I returned that one , and got a super-duper Maverick Redi-Chek ET-7 off Amazon.com . That one has 2 probes -LRB- so I can measure the temp of the item being cooked , while tracking temperature inside the cooker itself . The wireless range , however , is even lousier than the Walmart unit.It may be just fine if you 're willing to stand within 30-40 feet -LRB- clear line of sight -RRB- of the smoker , but if you dare go inside your house , the ET-7 receiver loses its connection with the transmitter . Of course , as others have noted , there 's no OBVIOUS signal that the temperatures being displayed by the receiver are the temps from before signal was lost.Yes , if you 're observant , you can stare at the receiver for 2 minutes -LRB- do n't blink , or you 'll miss it ! -RRB- , checking for the blinking `` satellite dish '' symbol to show that it 's still linked with the transmitter.After losing the connection between the transmitter & receiver , if you DARE to try & re-establish the link , you 've got to go back to the smoker . Then , shut off the transmitter & receiver . Then , turn on the receiver to `` operate '' , and within 60 seconds -LRB- thou shalt not count to 65 ... memories of Monty Python 's `` Holy Hand Grenade '' -RRB- , turn on the transmitter.GREAT ! Now you 've got a link re-established . Sit within a few feet of the smoker and you can trust the temperature readings . If you dare move , however , all bets are off.At nearly $ 40 -LRB- twice the price of the Walmart unit -RRB- , I had hoped for a whole lot better . This is a poor excuse for a `` remote '' thermometer .
 The first one of these I received from Amazon was DOA . They quickly sent a new one out -LRB- Thanks Amazon -RRB- . The new will turn on but it does n't work any better than the one that was DOA . My many complaints include that the unit easily loses the remote signal , even when only a few feet away . This unit needs to have the time of day reset/reprogrammed for every use . Probes do not report the accurate temperatures or even the same temperature when side by side . This is a great idea with miserable execution .
 In common with several other folk I initially thought that the wireless operation was , at best , flaky , otherwise no good at all . With a probe attached to the transmitter I switched on the receiver , then the transmitter . The receiver displayed the probe temp just fine . After a short time the little antenna symbol on the receiver screen -LRB- which indicates wireless reception -RRB- stopped showing , it seemed that the wireless link had stopped working.By a process of trial and error , putting the probe in and out of a saucepan of hot water , I worked this out :1 . When the probe temperature has stabilized , the transmitter will only transmit the reading about once per minute . A change of a degree or so does not trigger a transmission , so the transmitter and receiver can show a difference of a few degrees , which is generally insignificant . The receiver only updates when a transmission is received .2 . When the temperature changes by more than a few degrees -LRB- I have n't found the exact figure but it could be as much as 5 degrees -RRB- transmissions are triggered every 2 to 3 seconds until the temperature stabilizes again , then it goes back to once a minute . Every transmission is indicated by an antenna symbol on the transmitter screen , and a red LED on the transmitter flashes .3 . In open air I easily got a range of 50 feet in a straight line , but simple obstacles can block reception . I have some wrought-iron railings down some steps from the house to the patio , and arranging the transmitter on one side of the steps and taking the receiver to the other side resulted in no reception , the railings blocked the signal . In spite of the comment in the user instructions about using the probes in a barbecue then taking the receiver indoors , I found that this does not work , the transmission is too weak to penetrate walls -LRB- wood frame , plywood/stucco outside , sheetrock inside -RRB- . With the probe in the water and the receiver outdoors , both units displayed 95 degrees . I tool the receiver indoors then took the probe out of the water . 5 minutes later the receiver still indicated 95 while the transmitter said 71 . I took the receiver outside again and waited ; nearly a minute later the receiver updated to 71 - I must have just missed a transmission.My conclusion is that this device does work after all , with limitations . The wireless transmission is only reliable in straight unobstructed lines , and will not work through walls -LRB- a major drawback -RRB- . And remember - if the temperature is fairly constant the system only updates about once a minute .
 Alarm for timer and temperature failed to function right out of the box . I called the importer -LRB- Maverick -RRB- and they wanted me to mail everything back to them at my cost for an evaluation . I 'm just going to count this buying decision as a total loss because I do n't want to gamble the additional shipping cost on another out of box failure .
 Others talked about how the probes were bad and would n't work . I 've had this type of therm . before , so I know the benefits , so I decided to roll the dice . Certainly those had to be lemons and mine would work fine . WRONG . Both my probes do n't even come close to each other - one is 40 deg . higher than the other.The remote has a HARD TIME syncing with the base while only 5-10 feet away , much less out on the patio.I 've got to call the manuf . and see what they 'll do . Did n't use it initially and am past my 30 day amazon return window.BUYER BEWARE
 This would be a solid thermometer for the price , except ... it does n't transmit further than 2 feet.At least mine does n't , and I just got it yesterday . Apparently some of them work , because some of the reviewers are happy with theirs . But this one is a dud . I tried new batteries in both receiver and transmitter , and still ca n't it to transmit further . And this was outdoors -- no obstructions at all between the two.I like the features , and really wish it worked properly . But if I ca n't see the grill temperature from inside the house , then it 's pretty much useless . I 'll be returning it .
 I have to agree with the other critical reviews on a few points . The receiver of this unit is pretty useless . First of all , the range is horrible . If you are 20 feet away outside , then great . But if you go indoors or farther away , it craps out -- no signal . Also , there is no option to simply have it read temperature -- you have to assign both probe readings to some kind of food . This is a pain if , like me , you want to use one of the two probes simply to measure the temp of your smoker . As soon as that probe passed the `` well done '' preprogrammed temp of whatever food it 's set to , an annoying alarm sounds and you can not turn it off . So a piece of junk that I threw away pretty quickly . The transmitter unit itself is okay to sit on top of the cooker and measure food and cooker temp . But the accuracy is questionable . I finally opened up my cooker and used my $ 100 Thermapen to check my chicken and the Mav temp was off by 10 degrees . That is significant to me -LRB- and the moistness of my food -RRB- . I know my Therma is dead on because I tested it in ice water and boiling water . So all in all , I would be cautious about purchasing this thermometer for these reasons .
 Out of the box the receiver would only pull the temperature reading from the remote for about 10 min and then would lose the signal . This was from about 10-15 feet away . The remote sensor which is hooked up to the two probes still functions but the main attraction to this meter just does n't work
 May have been just a bad item but it did not work from day 1 . Would not transmit the current temp of the meat I was trying to cook .
 I do n't expect much from a thermometer but my hopes were high when I bought this one . Two probes and a remote temperature setup sounded wonderful . The first time we used the remote -LRB- which was n't particularly easy -RRB- we found that when we went upstairs to the 2nd floor to get something it lost signal . Of course we set it up again and found it could n't handle walking to the garage , the front door or the driveway . So , the remote part does n't work unless you stand right next to the grill . Useless.So at this point I thought maybe I could use the thermometer in the kitchen for regular cooking use . Unfortunately one of the two temperature probes kept giving me strange readings that just did n't make sense -LRB- water temp at the faucet all of a sudden 230 degrees ... but not boiling ? -RRB- . So that probe is unreliable . Now , today , after using this machine about 10 - 15 times TOTAL , the other probe started doing the same thing . It is strange to think that the chicken on my George Foreman grill was going from 170 degrees raw to 110 degrees after 15 minutes then 120 after 20 minutes . Makes no sense and certainly does not inspire confidence in it 's accuracy.And unfortunately for me I purchased this as a gift for my husband a few months ago so it 's now past it 's return time . Basically I 'm just stuck with this inoperable thermometer . Do n't buy this or you will be stuck too !
 I purchased one and it did n't work so thinking I got the one bad one out of a bunch I swapped it for another . SAME PROBLEM . I have a single probe maverick that I have never had a problem with but this thing is worthless . It lost connection with the sending unit every 5 to 10 minutes . I 'm returning this unit for the last time and going to try another brand .
 took a chance on purchasing this even though some of the reviews were bad.Needless to say the wireless transmitter and receiver never stayed connected to each other if they were over a couple feet apart.Should have taken advice from the reviews and not wasted my money , now i have to pack it back up and return for refund , dont waste your money and have to do the same .
 I purchased an older model redi-chek several years ago and the probe lasted about 2 years under very heavy use . Based on that experience I would have awarded 5 stars . HOWEVER ... Recently I had to order replacement probes . I have now been through THREE . Each one fails almost immediately under the same usage conditions that the original withstood for 2 years . I am rating this item useless because probes fail so quickly under normal grilling conditions . I 've contacted the manufacturer and they respond that nothing has changed . No explanation for my experience . However I do notice some other reviewers are having this same issue and I suspect some sort of material or manufacturing or cost-cutting issue .
 I 've had this unit for 3 years now and it really never worked right from day one . The probes and the remote unit are fine . They work as you would expect , and it is accurate . The problem comes in with the wireless unit that you would carry with you . First it 's big , too big to carry really . But the real downside , it never works . I can be 6 feet away and it will loose reception , sometimes it will get it back , most times not though . . For any overnight smokes it 's useless . I could not recommend this to anyone . Look at different models
 Researched this remote thermometer before buying -LRB- actually , requested it as a Christmas gift -RRB- . Actually , I got two of these -LRB- yes , I grill and smoke that much -RRB- . Great idea . Great intentions . Terrible execution.However , this just does n't work . The wireless range is less than 20 feet . I have the transmitter set up on my grill on the deck and the receiver in the kitchen -LRB- line of sight with glass between the Tx and Rx -RRB- - and no signal -LRB- and it 's not the batteries -RRB- . When the Rx gets more than 20 feet away , it looses signal . To resync the two , you have to turn them off , and then back on -LRB- because the Rx can only sync in the first several seconds or minute or so -RRB- . When you power off the Rx , you loose all of your settings
 I had to read the instructions several times , then every time you use it , so much work to program .
 I had 2 issues with mine . Disappointing....-The 2 units would never communicate after the first time you turned them on . I even changed batteries . I guess you could just use the unit with probes without the receiver but that 's why i aid for it . - The other issue was Temperature acuracy . it was a full 8-10 degrees off . I had 2 other reliable thermometers saying it was 144 and it said it was like 155I think im going to just return it ...
 Returned it because the remote did n't work and you have to set the time every time you turn on the unit . Save your money
 It 's in the garbage now , could not gewt it to work at all!Very dissapointed , would not purchase this brand , still looking for one that works !
 I ordered this item to be used with my smoker . The smoker is line of sight and only about 8 feet away . Even side-by-side , the transmitter could not talk to the receiver . I sent it back , Amazon replaced it , and the new item had the same problem . I returned it for a refund .
 This seemed like it would solve the problem of having to babysit the smoker that is located on the lower level of our property ... it has the capacity to to be perfect except for the fact that it beeps continually every 2-5 min until you keep shutting it off ... can be quite aggravating ... but as far as keeping track of the temperature , that part works great .
 I cook 5 or 7 time a week 12 months of the year on and off my grill.I have sent 4 unites back to the manufacture because bad readings.Temperatures off by 15 or 20 degrees.I have under and over cooked many a dish and have finely decided to dump the unites in the garbage.Don ' t waist your money .
 This thermometer is so complicated to operate that you would have to be a rocket scientist ... plug this in first , flip that switch second , insert this probe here that one there , all the while standing on one foot and hopping to the tune of America the Beautiful . I wanted a `` plug and play '' thermometer , not something I had to program !
 From the first day this didnt work . The thermometer works that sticks intot the meat , but the remote device does not work properly . Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesnt -LRB- after burning two pieces of meat -RRB- . the reote control wont work unless its within 5 feet . otherwise it will lose signal and you will burn your meat . I paid up for this device , but my $ 10 non-wireless one works so much better . Wish i could return this one . Dont do it .
 I purchased this item just for the dual probe . I received it in the mail at my office I opened it up to test it and it ` seemed ' to work just fine . I held one probe in my hand and left the other on my desk . The remote unit registered about 96 on my hand and 70 on my desk . So I pack everything back up and then last night I get it out to try it `` for real '' and I could n't get the darn things to link . They would link for about 10 seconds and then the remote unit would light up like the forth of July and then be reset . Finally by the end of it all I could n't get them to link at all . I ended up just using the transmitter unit to monitor temps -LRB- it has a small LCD window that displays only the temp -RRB- . So the remote unit in my experience is just garbage.I did everything I could to fix it -LRB- ie new batteries in both units , reset mulitiple times , proper turn on sequence , etc -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on this unit .
 I 've had this for three years . It worked ok for while . Now the remote module wo n't communicate with the base thermometer , which kind of defeats the purpose . They still work fine as two separate thermometers . However , now the probes are starting to fail . The probe wires are pretty flimsy in my opinion and should n't be subjected to extreme heat like open flames.I would give it 2.5 stars but 2 will have to do .
 Admittedly , I read the reviews and had certain expectations . However , I found the instructions lacking and terribly confusing and the thermometer cheaply made . Perhaps if I had already used a similar product , I would have had an easier time . But I doubt it . My husband decided to try it to see for himself and came away from his session with it feeling exactly the same way I did . Do not waste your money .
 It did not work for me . Not user friendly . After this unrewarding trial , I have come to the conclusion that a thermometer with a long probe is the right way to go for a single , fast , and accurate measurement of your grilled item . It would be much cheaper as well .
 It 's funny how this product seemed to work fine for about half the people who bought it , and failed for the other half . The owners who gave this product five stars are a lucky lot , it seems . I admit , I 'm a little jealous since this product failed for me . I could n't get the pager to stay connected with the monitor even if I simply propped it up four feet away . Without a functioning pager , the purpose of this product is defeated.So yes , it appears that the product works for some people . But is it worth the gamble to risk your hard-earned money on a product with close to a 50 % failure rate ? The answer , my friend , is most obviously NO .
 I only bought this for the remote feature , the rest of the stuffs are of no interest to me . They should stop advertising the 100 ft range remote . Because in realty , this thing does not work beyond 4 meters .
 This product is rated up to 500F . I was catering an event yesterday and preheated my grill to 325F and within two minutes of placing the meat and probe on the grill the wires burt and melted where the wire meets the probe . I can fully understand why this seller is rated 3 stars . I was cooking a dinner party for 50 and had to wing it on the meat because of this cheap product . It is a rip off for > 41.00 with shipping .
 Received this product and used it the following day to do a 20 hour slow cook on my Big Green Egg . I was really excited to not have to go outside and check on my temps , as well as , having an alarm if it got too hot.Unfortunately , it would not stay synced when I was inside the house . According to the advertising , it should work up to 100ft . My cooker was setup out on my patio , with the pager on my kitchen table , about 15 ft away . It would not work , not even with the sliding glass door open.I will say that the probes worked great and I was able to monitor the temperatures from the remote , I just had to constantly get up and check on it . I gave it two stars , because the wireless should work from such a close range . Over I was not happy with the product .
 Hard to start operating . Does not operate reliability . It says it will operate 100 feet . Must be afull small feet.This is a very frustrating device . I gess I need to look around more . Temperature can be read reliable at the transmitter but not on the reciever .
 I tried the unit for the first time last night . It worked for about 10 minutes and then the units stopped communicating . They were only 30-40 feet apart . I reset them both and they worked for about 10 minutes and then the receiving unit stuck on 137 degees . I went and looked at the sending unit as I was curious as to why the meat was not getting warmer . The sending unit said the meat was 150 degrees . I bought one from Williams Sonoma five years ago and worked fine for all of that time .
 I 've had this for 31 days and have not been impressed with this Thermometer . The manufacturer states ' 100 wireless distance and i 'm seeing ' 15 - ' 20 , which is useless for keepig track inside of the house . Setting the temps or times is confusing and not user friendly . Decided to return today and realized its been 31 days and paying shipping and 20 % off of the original price does n't make it worth my time , so I 'll continue to use it . I do n't recommend this to prospective buyers . Price was too good to be true .
 Remote screen not working after 2 uses . Not dropped , did n't get wet , no cause for issue . Out of return window by 6 days . What a piece of crap if it wo n't hold up for more than two uses .
 I am having a problem with the probes . One of them registers 200 degrees at all times even when it is in the open air . Their customer service site says they will respond to inquiries within 24 hours . I have sent two separate messages asking for assistance and I have not received a return email.Maverick ET-7 Remote-Check Wireless Thermometer With 2 Probes
 I bought this item to be able to monitor food temperature in my oven from my living room . What a joke ! It drops the wireless connection even with less than 10 feet line of sight distance . Manufacturer said &#34; replace batteries &#34; so thinking the batteries in the box were old , I put in fresh batteries . It runs exactly the same . Other reviewers have made this same comment , but until I bought one I thought it was probably user error . It is product error !
 will not work over twenty feet away going thru one exterior wall . it will change modes all by it self i would not recommend this product
 I had a lot of trouble getting the wireless signal to transmit from back probe connected device to the silver wireless receiver . Everything else worked just fine , but I purchased this particular one with hopes for a wireless connection so I think i 'm going to try and return it .
 it did not work wright would not work for two meats as far as this goes a piece of s ***
 On its first outing , cooking two turkeys , the remote failed to broadcast on several occasions and had to be reset . I agree with the review that compares it against the NU-Temp unit which I have had for several years and continued to work until the probe wore out . Another probe for the NU-Temp is on back order . I can hardly wait until it arrives .
 I like the idea of this product , but this model does n't execute it well . The buttons and menus on the main thermometer are confusing , the range is n't very good , and I found the connection between the transmitter and secondary unit would constantly disconnect and it was not easy to just reset . I use just the transmitter thermometer now with one of the probes and just go outside to check the temperature once in a while . That works better than trying to make the wireless on this actually work .
 I ordered this thermometer based on what I thought was good reviews but this thing stinks . It takes forever to come up to temperature . I do n't think it registers correctly . I would n't buy it again .
 The receiver and transmitter successfully contacted each other upon power-up . But much like several of the other reviewers , I was unable to make the receiver consistently receive signals for more than 5 minutes , even when the transmitter was 2 feet away sitting on the same table.Perhaps the only positive aspect of this product is that it was easy to debug
 I purchased this thermometer as a replacement for another one we had that broke . This one is worse than the last one . The remote sensor never did work and now that we 've had it for a couple years , it wo n't give an accurate temperature . Tonight , I checked the temperature of a pork tenderloin that had been in the oven for more than the recommended amount of time -LRB- 45 minutes for a 2 lb . tenderloin -RRB- and the temperature went from 140 to 103 to 123 to 149 to 119 . In a matter of 10 seconds . Then the fun started , it started blinking L L L - I have no idea what it means , but it 's been doing that for the past year or so.I 'm just not impressed . I 'm actually on Amazon looking for a better thermometer that will last us more than 18 months .
 Package did n't arrive until the day after promised , ruining everything . I am so disappointed by this company 's behavior , and I paid extra to have it delivered several days ahead of time.I could n't be more unhappy with this company or it 's performance .
 The idea is great , the execution not so great . I have only been able to get the receiver to work one time . The transmitter reads the temps fine , but it just does not want to display the status on the receiving end unit . Buy a ` normal ' meat thermometer and be done with it .
 I cooked two chickens side by side in the same roasting pan using the two separate probes . They were BOTH horribly inaccurate . One chicken would have been burned to a crisp and the other raw according to the probes . I kept moving the probes in the chicken thigh area and just kept getting totally different readings and losing the juices from the chicken . I also tried it on steak and when the probe said the steak was done it was so rare it was practically blue and mooing .
 the product is a wonderful idea and has great potential , sadly it 's range is so low that I basically have to sit next to the smoker.The second issue is that it 's extremely un precise by about 10-12 degrees , which makes it an adventure to cook food in a save way .
 I purchased the thermometer through Amazon which has always been a good experience shopping . I have used the device 3 times so far and 2 times the probes acted funny and the 3rd time the device just would not read to the wireless device . I e-mailed Maverick and they seem very nice but the device has not performed like it should . It states that it works 100 feet away . I am lucky if I get 30 feet away . The device has some very cool features and the 2 probes is what really sold me , since I do a lot on my off set smoker grill . If they would extend the wireless reach and make a better product I would buy again . Disappointed in this product ,
 I purchased two of these because I run multiple grills and smokers and would like to be able to maintain multiple temperatures . Out of the box , the two that I purchased would n't work . I was OK with the fact that they would n't transmit at the claimed 100 ' but at under 5 ' seems a bit ridiculous . I can get one sensor to work off one probe but not the other . I have a single sensor unit that I purchased from Meijer years ago and it still works fine . I thought this would be a great addition to my cooking arsenal . It was n't . Should have paid attention to the reviews . Would not purchase again . Would not recommend .
 This is the 4th different meat thermometer w/remote display I have owned and I would have to say it 's the least effective one . I bought it because it came with 2 probes and I can purchase them separately if needed later . I have found that the remote unit wo n't update if I get it more than 2-3 ' from the sensor which defeats the purpose of having a remote unit . My past units -LRB- different brands -RRB- have allowed me to go into my home while something is on the grill and I could monitor the temperature from there .
 This product was advertised to go over temps of 500 degrees , however the fine print in the literature that came with it said that if the temp goes over 480 degrees it will damage the unit . We returned the item for a refund and purchased a different thermometer .
 The probes and digital display on the transmitter work well but the receiver looses connectivity -LRB- every time -RRB- . I tried this at several locations . Finally placing the receiver less that 12-inches away from the transmitter . Very disappointed .
 Copy of letter that tried to send to all the contacts on their website ... 2nd email as the help / customer service links on the web site fail and bounces the email ! Just more proof of how poor things seem to be over there.To Whom It May Concern : I am writing this as I am totally fed up and disappointed with your product . I have one of your model ET-7 dual probe `` wireless '' thermometers . I do n't know why you call this wireless as it looses signal at less that 25 ' . I expected poor performance out of the Wal-Mart specials but purchasing this for $ 50 + I expected it could go through a glass door at only 17.5 feet . I ca n't even get it to go 15 ' from my grills to my pool deck and picnic table . I have tried several sets of batteries even putting new ones in for each cook and they all fail the same way . I am better off sitting next to the little black transmitter as that actually updates temp when the `` wireless remote '' does not change and has a 20-30 degree difference.What a waste of money!I have ruined my last pieces of meat on your garbage product ! Thanks for a blown July 4th from my whole family.A lot of friends and family come looking to me for advise on BBQ and smoking as I helped a few build their own pits and as it stands now I do n't have anything close to good to say about your products
 I was initally happy with my purchase . The problem i have with this is the sync function between the two devices stopped working after only about 20 minuets of use . In the book it says it has up to 100 feet of coverage . I go from my smoker to my kitchen -LRB- about 10 feet and through a sliding glass window -RRB- . 20 mins later and the grey part stopped giving me reading on my meat in the smoker . So i went back to the book so it can show me how to sync it back up . I did that and had a reading again . I go back to sit down in my kitchen and it happens again . I then sat next to this thing for about 15 mins and it did it again . Obviously this is not working as designed . Which makes me not happy with this product . Also , if you are using this with a PROQ or Weber Smokey Mountain -LRB- WSM -RRB- smoker , the probe will not fit through the eyelid that came pre-fab on your smoker , which is a bummer as well .
 Just took this out of the box and tried it out today and if there were someone from Maverick here I would of loved for the to see this piece of crap in a action . The reciever wo n't work outside of 10 feet which was the whole purpose of buying this thing . People on here saying the radio reception works great need to come see this thing at my house . I have n't even tried to take it in the house because it wo n't work 20 feet away in a straight damn line from the transmitter . Maybe I got a faulty one ???? Not sure but DON `` T BUY THIS THING !
 I had to return this item . It never worked correctly from the beginning . Setup was pretty easy . Simply follow the directions . The remote transmitter never worked more than 15 feet from the receiver . The transmitter unit never registered the temperature correctly . Transmission of temperature had a lag in it , which was long enough to cause a problem of burning something up . The documentation says it is not recommended to use the probes in a covered grill .
 This had essentially no range for the wireless signal . Even 15 feet was too far for a connection , which makes this essentially useless as a wireless thermometer . I also did not like their buttons -LRB- the black horizontal stripes on the silver piece -RRB- - they were difficult to push - or more than they should be . Returning this to try to find one that will allow me to stand somewhere other than right next to the grill .
 With the transmitter only 10 ft. away , and only glass separating the two , it refused to work . It only works when the two are side-by-side . I figured the problem was interference from one of the many wireless devices in the house , so I shut them down one by one . It still did n't work . This thing 's going back .
 Our product was defective . While Ace Photo Digital acknowledged that , they maintained a stance on a 14 day return window - we do n't use the product with every meal and only found out it was defective AFTER that window . So , ACE Photo Digital gets away with selling broken merchandise by keeping a very small return window . I found it hard to believe that they would not stand behind the product they sold . I have bought dozens of items with Amazon.com and returned a few and have never had an issue until dealing with Ace Photo Digital . I left feedback on them as a seller , but wanted people to know about how they deal with returns and I wanted to get that word out as widely as possible.Because of Ace Photo Digital , I will now be far more circumspect about dealing with products I purchase through Amazon that come from third-parties vice the Amazon warehouses . Ace Photo Digital has effectively ruined the buying experience for me at Amazon . Of course , I will still purchase items via Amazon - I love the ease of it and the selections - I just feel that Ace Photo Digital has violated a trust they are supposed to have with the buyers.The product itself ? As it was broken , I have to give it a single star . I would not give Ace Photo Digital any stars .
 I purchased the Marverick ET-7 two years ago . It was touted as one of the best units out there . Out of the box , the remote system did NOT work . I did n't return it because I thought I 'd just monitor it from the base unit . When not in use , I removed the batteries and stored it in a cool , dry place . After about 4 smoking sessions , I decide to smoke a turkey yesterday for Easter . One probe registered over 300 degrees and the other registered over 192 degrees . It is shot . My wife had a cheap Wal-Mart temp probe she bought for under $ 20 that we 've had for over 10 years . Worked like a charm . Do n't waste your money on this supposedly great gadget . Get the cheapest monitor you can find and always have a spare on hand .
 Apparently this company does n't have terrific quality control ; reviews of their other thermometers frequently mention problems with bad batches of product . This is the first item I 've bought from their line , and it 's a bust . The transmitter and receiver lose their connection every couple of hours , and do n't communicate at all when separated by 25 feet or more . Much worse , the sensors register temps at least 40 degrees lower than actual temps , as measured by charcoal ribs and a cheap but reliable instant-read thermometer I used as a control after ruining the first batch . I 'll exchange this one for another because the problem MIGHT be the batch , and because this is a great idea and very handy for long , slow barbecue cooking . Meanwhile , I 'm not just unimpressed but disgusted .
 I was very excited to receive this product for use in slow cooking . Unfortunately it the transmitter just wo n't synch with the receiver . I tried all the methods provided by the use manual , and even tried out new batteries in case that was the issue , but nothing .
 I ordered this to go with my new Big Green Egg ... after reading some of the reviews on wireless thermometers I liked the idea of one probe in the meat and one on the cooking surface to accurately measure cooking temp.After receiving and experimenting with the Maverick ET-7 I found that :1 - with both probes plugged in and reading the same temperature , they were 2 degrees different2 - `` instant read '' took at LEAST 45 seconds and many times longer3 - it was very DIFFICULT to get the wireless unit to sync to the base3 - if you turn the unit off you have to reset the clock!Reading the product reviews always helps me so I hope this helps with your decision .
 This unit has no range whatsoever . If I move ten feet away , direct line of sight , no metal in the way and it loses communication . And to top it off , it never updates the temperature so you can tell you have lost communication . One of my biggest wastes of money to date .
 If you need only a digital thermometer this will be fine . If you expect to monitor the temperature from inside your house forget this one . 20 feet is the maximum distance it will transmit . 10 feet is the max if there are obstructions -LRB- wall , door -RRB- between the transmitter and receiver but even at 10 feet it would occasionally loose communication.I really like having two temperature probes to monitor the temp inside the smoker and the meat temp at the same time . If I was able to monitor the temp from inside my house I would have given it 5 stars.Don ' t waste your money on this one .
 This is the worst wireless device I have ever owned . You 'll be lucky to keep the transmitter and receiver linked for more than 30 minutes . I even went so far as to return it to the manufacturer for a new one . The new one is just as bad as the old one . As I write this I 'm trying to use it along with another brand -LRB- NU-Temp -RRB- . The NU-Temp is on a pork roast and the Remote Check is on a whole chicken . The Remote check lost its connection with the transmitter after about 10 minutes . The NU-Temp is still working perfectly after an hour of use . Needless to say I will never buy this brand again .
 Initially I was very excited about the features of this unit . I especially liked the two probes as I often BBQ two different cuts of meat and need temps from both . I was a bit hesitant to order the item after reading the user reviews - a typical mix of good and bad . But I took a leap and ordered a unit . After receiving the unit and fooling with it over 4 BBQ sessions I am thoroughly disappointed . The automatic registering of the transmitter never worked so I had to do it manually . The manual setup is hit and miss . It took several attempts for me to get it working each time . Once I did get the units -LRB- one is a transmitter and the other a receiver -RRB- communicating they lost contact with each other regularly - even when sitting 10 feet from each other . What made things worse is that the receiver still displays the last temperature reported for many minutes even when communication with the transmitter is lost . This is completely unacceptable as you can be burning something on the grill when the receiver says things are just right . In addition , the two probes read about 25 degrees different from each other . When I tested them against my two manual thermometers -LRB- which read within 2 degrees of each other -RRB- one probe read 15 degrees low and one about 10 degrees higher . As you all know 15 degrees is very significant when BBQ ` ing meats . I returned the unit .
 This thing only worked to about 25 feet and that was outside ... when i went indoors , forget it . If your grill is sitting outside and you are inside , you better be close ... like 15 feet max if you 're going thru ONE WALL ... think you 're going to sit in the living room , watch the game and watch the temps on your backyard grill ? ... it ai n't happening ! Tried new batteries same results.Doesn ' t live up to claims .
 After using this device for about a month I can give it an unequivically poor rating . In several instances the receiver unit failed to register the transmitter 's temperature . If you fiddle with it and press the reset button it sometimes works . This is unacceptable.I recommend not buying this unit !
 I bought this for my new Weber Smokey Mountain smoker thinking I 'd use one probe for meat and the other for monitoring the smoker temperature - and it does this , but not without some pain ... 1 -RRB- every time you power it off , the entire thing , including the clock , resets to factory settings . So , if you always set your temp for the same setting you 'll need to do it by clicking the button for EVERY degree on the way up ... 2 -RRB- So , maybe you say `` I do n't need to set the alarm temp '' I 'll just watch the gauge . Well , you could but you CA N'T TURN OFF THE ALARM so you have to set the alarm temp to something above what you care about so you do n't have to listen to the thing beep constantly .3 -RRB- I hope you do n't plan on venturing more than 25 feet or so from you smoker , because you 'll loose the signal .4 -RRB- And to reset the connection to the transmitter you have to turn both the transmitter and receiver on and off again -LRB- See # 1 and # 2 -RRB- . Also , it does n't have the ability to monitor withing a temperature range -LRB- alarming if you go high or low -RRB- . I was n't sure about this when I ordered it , but it 's obvious now.Very disappointed ... The Weber Smokey Mountain on the other hand ... it ROCKS !
 I got this thing ripped it open like it was christmas morning , grabbed some batteries and turned it on to see the display reading from one probe 74 deg . and the other 61 deg . I am the kind of smoking guru that cooks to temp . and that is a big 13 deg . swing from 2 probes sitting on the same counter . So I fire up my smoker and test it against my other thermometers and both readings were wrong . I purchased this for the remote display but it does me no good if its not accurate . Try undercooking your pork and see how your evening goes .
 This item is meant for roasts only . the `` probes '' are huge and do n't work on smaller items like burgers and chicken . It is cheaply made as well . I 'd return it if I could , but waited too long to finally navigate the steps to using it .
 Cool features
 This item was worthless for grilling my Thanksgiving turkey . The probes were both reasonably accurate when tested in boiling water , but 30 minutes after putting the 20 pound turkey in the grill , the reading was 180 degrees . I think this is due to the overly long probe -LRB- you could n't possibly stick it all the way into the turkey -RRB- being heated by the grill heat . So in effect , it was reading a combination of grill temperature and turkey temperature.Additionally , the remote lost contact with the sensor several times in the 60 minutes that I used this product . They were only 7 feet apart but it took nothing more than a person walking between the two to induce a communications failure .
 This wireless thermometer is a real dissapiontment . At 15 feet the reciever and transmiter lose contact with each other every 5 to 10 minutes , although both are sitting still . When your smoking meat for any lenght of time this is a problem . It takes longer to reset them , then it is to get up and check the temp . This product is a no go . Do not buy .
 Maverick ET-7 Remote-check Wireless Thremometer . It is not user friendly so we did not use it with our oiless turkey fryer .
 one of the probs are burdt offf the first time i use it , and it was fore pulde pork so it was low and slow , the prob was sitting in the meat al the time and then after 15 hours it was broken , so this is the last time i bye a maverik
 The last Digital Thermometer I had worked great and was my constant grilling partner , however ; I left my friend out in the rain one to many times , so I had to buy a new one . I was excited to receive my new dual probe remote just in time for New Years Ham and Turkey dinner . Put everything on the Traeger and settled in for a great meal . In 30 minutes the ham was 105 and the turkey was 50 . Figured better slow the ham down , so set it aside and covered it with tinfoil , leaving the probe in it . In an hour the ham was 128 -LRB- setting off the grill -RRB- and the turkey was 60 . Thinking this ca n't be right so I switched probes . Now the ham was 80 and the turkey was 120 . So recalculated cooking times , informed the head chef -LRB- wife -RRB- exact dinner time maybe an elusive mystery at this point , but I was on it . So armed with the remote sitting in the house , I watched the ham stay at eighty and the turkey veri between 140 and 160 for the second hour of grilling . Only go out and check on it to see the the transmitter was 5 to 20 degrees off of the remote readings . Bottom line , had to finish off with a analog thermometer and send this back to Amazon.Here 's what I told them
 I now have two different Maverick Thermometers . This and an ET-73 . Each of them worked good for the first 60 days then quit . Their customer service is poor and the wireless technology they use is intermittent at best.I think I speak for the thousands of folks who have invested alot of time and energy into Eggs , Smokers , etc and I 'd like to see a top quality wireless unit even if it is 3x as much up front .
 My BIG issue with this is that it goes into sleep mode way too quick . The fact it goes to sleep at all is annoying enough . But , when I am cooking a brisket for a few hours , it is insane to have to go out to the transmitter and reset it every 30 minutes . Rather defeats the purpose of REMOTE . I would pass on this POC and find something different . Wish I had .
 Really a pain to use . Very touchy . Resets and loses contact too easily . More trouble than it is worth ... more words ...
 very poor , too hard to set up and doesnt transmitt properly , i would not recommend this item , go to lowes , they work better and are easy to use .
 At first it worked . The temp was a little slow to update on the main handheld tho , whether you where connected to the remote probe or the main hand . There are times where I had the remote in some chicken 5 feet away and the main handheld stop receiving a signal completely . I had to stop and restart it several times to reestablish the connection which was also a pain . While cooking the chicken I got a little bbq sauce on the cord , a few inches from the end of the probe , and that probe was a lost cause after that . When it was plugged in after cleaning it it read a constant 185-186 temp the entire time , it was dead . This is a waste of time and money , I bbq regularly and it was dead after 2 weeks and i sent it back .
 remote is useless it gives false readings and is very hard to read if I had known more about this product I would not have bought it .
 I bought my ET-7 about 4 years ago to use with my smoker . At first it worked very poorly but over time it got worse . The transmitter and the remote will not stay connected and I have to go outside to reconnect the two and then it takes 2 to 4 tries to get a connection . I 've had it lose connection when the remote was as little as 4 feet from the transmitter . This unit rates as one of the worst purchases I 've ever made . Buy at your own risk .
 Bought the ET-7 about a year ago when I first got my Bradley smoker . Have used this product at least a dozen times since then , and here is my experience .1 -RRB- Transmitter and remote receiver will not stay `` hooked-up '' for any length of time . I have had the transmitter less than a foot away from the receiver , and it lost contact within an hour .2 -RRB- Both probes into the same piece of brisket , less than 4 inches away from one another , and I get a 12 - 15 degree temperature difference . -LRB- I wo n't completely blame the Maverick , I may have submerged one of the probes while cleaning . -RRB- 3 -RRB- Both probes in the same piece of brisket again ... , standard meat thermometer about 2 inches away from the Maverick probes ... , 10 degree difference between the meat thermometer and the closest probe . -LRB- The other probe was about 18 degrees off -RRB- . Which temp do I pick ? Not happy about guessing on 10 lbs . of pastrami.Hot happy with this purchase , but I 've waited way too long to return . Will be looking for a different manufacturer as I 've heard that the other Maverick products have similar problems .
 I purhased this unit after my Weber wireless remote finally bit the dust . I thought that the dual probe was a good idea , so I choose the ET-7 model . After using it several times I learned that the design and functional features contains a few nuisances and a couple major flaws.One of the nice features of the ET-7 is that the transmitter has an LCD display on it so you can read the temperature while standing in front of your BBQ even if you do n't have the remote with you . I liked that feature and found it quite convenient.The biggest problem I experienced with the ET-7 was the inaccurate reading on the remote unit . Three times it happened that the temperature on the remote would stop updating , leading me to believe that my roast was at a lower temperature than it really was . After checking on the temperature two or three times over a ten or fifteen minute period , I realized that the temperature displayed on the remote had n't changed during that time . Upon further inspection , the transmitter 's LCD display demonstrated that the actual temperature of my roast was much higher than what the remote said . In fact , two times I ended up overcooking my roast . This was extremely disappointing when cooking a $ 40 roast that I 've marinated for four days.Some of the nuisance issues I discovered with the ET-7 pertains to the power on sequence . First , there is a cumbersome on/off/suspend mode switch on the back . Operating this switch requires small , nimble fingers . Not particularly easy when you have messy hands from recently inserting the probe into raw meat.Second , the remote must be turned on prior to , but within 60 seconds of , turning the transmitter on . You will not establish a link if you power on the transmitter prior to the remote , or if you delay more than 60 seconds after turning on the remote . This is awkward since most of the time I find that after placing the meat on the BBQ , it is convenient to power on the transmitter and then go inside the house and power on the remote.Very annoying is the fact that the remote unit keeps beeping even after you have acknowledged that the target temperature has been met . Other units I have used would be silent once you acknowledged the temperature alarm . The ET-7 will continue to beep at you about every 60 seconds even though you acknowledge the alarm each time . This is incredibly annoying when you want to give your roast another 5-degrees over what the target temperature was set for.In conclusion , I consider it less expensive and more satisfying to simply discard the ET-7 and use another model , like the simple but practical Weber wireless remote .
 I should have stayed with a single probe model . The ET-7 can not perform the most simple task . Transmitter and receiver at least six degrees off -LRB- when there is an actual temp displayed on the receiver -RRB- . Internet forums on how to ` hack ' this product should n't have to exist .
 OK so after reading the mixed reviews here for this item , I figured there was more good reviews than bad ones , so I gave it a try.First off no matter what I did the unit would not sync . Yes I can read instructions . Transmitter first blah blah , no auto detection . I attempted the manual sync , again nothing.Then I though I would try the Transmitter since it reads out a display . One of the sensor probe does not change on the transmitter unit . After 30 minutes of cooking it had not changed a degree yet , still at 48 . Impossible I though . I checked with my thermonitor I know that works , sure enough it was 79So have a unit that is broken in two different ways.Yes I will return it , Thanks Amazon ... and attempt at another unit.However with many of the other bad reviews where it would not work out of the box , I would say Quality Control on this item is pretty bad , which is why the one star.Will update on my replacement
 I purchased this a few months ago and I 'm now using it . The remote unit is 4 off from the probes . It is n't updating on a regular basis . I 've had better for the money . If I had to do over again I 'd pass it on by . I 'm not impressed with its operation . If you honestly like this unit your not a very good cook then .
 The product arrived in nice shape . However for some reason I had a bad feeling on this product , even before I tried to use it . I read the instruction manual , which in my opinion was the worst thing I have ever seen . I mean I would have thought that for something as complex as using this two proble contraption , it would have thoroughly expelained how to use it . After thinking about it for several minutes , I finaly understood how to use it . Tried it on a yeast temp check and it worked fine . I then tried it on some deep fried oil and it seemed to not like the extreme temperature . Then I tried it for the Turkey bake . It was an 18 pound bird , and I set the device as instructed . Within an hour and a half this read the Turkey was done . After realizing the device was a complete piece of junk , I turned it off and made arrangements to send it back to Amazon . Dont waste your time or money !!!!
 The connection to the sending unit only stays synced up for 15 minutes which means that I had to keep going back to the transmitter to get them to sync up again . This was happening even though I was only 10 feet away . Very frustrating and pointless if you buy this unit to use the wireless feature .
 I usually do n't write reviews but I thought I would warn people about this product . The set button did n't work right out the box on this unit . Since this made it useless I had to return it . Not well made and definitely overpriced . Stay away .
 I 've had a few of the single probe Redi-Check remote thermometers over the years and have loved them . I do n't know if the Maverick 2-probe version I received was defective or if it is just a horrible product , but I returned it and wo n't be buying another one to find out . The range is considerably worse than on the single probe unit , and is well below the range the product listing claims . Another major problem is that the update/sync between the transmitter and receiver -LRB- even at very short range -RRB- happens so infrequently as to be completely useless . By the time the temperature on the receiver updates , you may be well past your desired temperature due to the huge lag between subsequent updates . I 'm not sure how Maverick can do so well on the single probe remote thermometer -LRB- which I love -RRB- and also sell this extremely low-quality product.I should also mention that the clock -LRB- while not the reason I returned this -RRB- is stupid . To have to switch the receiver to `` standby '' instead of `` off '' in order to have the clock remain set is ridiculous , and I would much rather have a more compact receiver -LRB- like in the single probe case -RRB- than this clunky large one with useless clock .
 After doing a lot of research on a digital temp probe , I finally ordered the Maverick ET-7 . After reading the directions , I attempted to use the ET-7 while cooking a pork roast on my grill.I became concerned when I inserted the probe into the roast and the temp showed 54 degrees . My quick read thermometer showed 40 degrees internal temp . I placed the meat on the grill making sure the probe did not touch any metal and started cooking . The remote sensor lost connections twice and I was only 20 ft away from the grill.After 30 minutes , the alarm went off for an internal temp of 160 degrees . The roast was nowhere near done . Quick read showed the internal temp to be near 100 degrees . Roast cooked another 45 minutes and the temp was around 165 degrees using the quick read thermometer.Sent the unit back and Amazon has already confirmed my refund is in process . Great follow-up from Amazon !
 Bought this less than a week ago and Man , I really really wanted to like this product ! I messed with it for several hours ; testing the probes in boiling water along with the transmitter . The probe readings were 2-10 degrees off and would fluctuate . the transmitter would quit transmitting after several minutes and then it would only transmit to about 15ft !! WHAT A P.O.S. !!! -LRB- and i do n't mean positive -RRB- . I did read the reviews and decided to take the plung even if the 1 star rating was as much as the 5 star ratings !! Well , you live and learn . Those rating it a 5 probably work for the company b/c no way is it close to any rating above 1 !!! On a side note , it does have some bells and whistles but what good are they if it does n't work properly ?!!! DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !! I have a NU TEMP probe thermometer -LRB- not wireless -RRB- and it is accurate and works great !! shoulda spent my money on another nu temp product !!
 Bought it for my smoker that NEVER gets over 220 * F . It worked 3 times , then started giving VERY inaccurate temperature readings . Plus , it only transmitted about 12 feet , and only if nothing was in the way of the signal .
 That would be just as useful as this thermometer . I used this a grand total of 1 time before the wireless capability stopped working . It will still work using the wired probe , but then what is the point of spending the extra money ? Look for another one , but do n't waste your money on this thing .
 This product does not stay linked from the base to the control unit . It turns off , my guess is low and slow BBQ is not understood by the unit . It is complex to operate and program ... Save your money , not worth it
 This unit is actually sold under different brands . The unit will at times , not receive the transmission . After about 15 months , the transmission unit just died .
 This product is a bad joke . I tried for six hours to get this thermometer to work and no luck . I had read the instructions on line so i thought i would use it on some pork shoulders right out of the box . Wrong ! I set it up again the next day and changed the batteries and got it to work 3 feet away for about one half hour . Thats line of sight from tx to rec . Will not work through glass window are wall . Called company several times first call on the 24th of Dec. massage said they would get back in 48 hrs . I am still waiting after two more calls still no one answers . It has been seven days . I am going to try using ET-7 as non remote probe because I will not pay shipping . Enough is enough ! I thought amazon was better than this .
 Worked great - twice , then it was not able read the remote sensor . Works ok if it is plugged in direct , but I could have purchased a much cheaper one if I wanted to go out and check it every half hour . Never had the range it said it would ... when it worked . If you are considering this for smoking or grilling , forget it . Just not a good product .
 The range on this is terrible . I set the remote less than 15 feat away with an open window between it and the probe . Lost connecting in a few minutes , and what is worse is there no notification that you have lost signal so if you do not constantly check it you are going to burn what you are cooking.I like the alternating display between the two probes , but with the wireless not working , I have given up using it .
 To preface this , I 've had two Taylor non-wireless probe thermometers that work great . I picked this one up because I thought the wireless feature would be nice when doing outdoor grilling . This product is a piece of junk though - the temperature readings provided tend to be 10-50 degrees higher than reality.For example , I put this into a piece of steak that 's been cooking for only a couple minutes and I know is still raw inside -LRB- only 90-100 degrees -RRB- this this thing will tell me it 's already 125 degrees . What 's worse , if you close your grill or use this thing in a closed oven , it will be thrown off by the ambient temperature instead of just taking the temperature from the tip of the probe . Useless.I 've actually gone through two of these as I assumed the first one I was sent was defective . Both fail to work in the exact same way - it 's defective by design . The only thing I can think of is that it 's calibrated based on the fantasy-land temperatures it includes as presets for different meats -LRB- for example , if you set it for `` rare '' Beef it brings up 145 - which is actually medium well , and it thinks Chicken should be cooked to 185 degrees to be done -RRB- . If you want a thermometer that gives actual temperatures , pass this one up.Also , the 100 feet distance is a joke . It 's more like 20-30 feet tops , and even less if you have a wall in between the monitor and the device .
 Worked as it should the first time . The second time I tried to use it , the readout displayed 270 deg when I turned it on at room temperature . I placed it into a glass of ice water and the temperature displayed did n't change . 90 day warranty .
 My friend gave me this one for my birthday . It 's pretty handy but it always reads high ... A lot of my stuff are underdone if I follow the temp readout and I have to take it at least 10 degrees higher . Kinda useless as a thermometer that way ...
 The range is terrible ; less than 15 feet through a window ; inside is not much better . Also , the temperature variance from inside the oven and when just pulled from the oven is about 8F . I would not recommend this product .
 Probe and thermo work ok . The remote thing is useless . Doesnt maintain synch , have to constantly reset.Just buy the probe and readout . throw the remote thing away .
 In concept , the product is a great idea . Dual sensors for dual meats or for two different parts of the same cut.My experience thus far , however , is that the remote sensor and the broadcast unit -LRB- to which the probes connect -RRB- is finicky at best . When it actually connects , it is great , but most of the time it is n't actually receiving information and stays stuck on a single temperature giving the impression that it is receiving . Although I was quick to recognize this problem , during the final few minutes of a cook , this could have obviously ruined the meat.I 've tried replacing batteries in both units but the problem persists . Certainly unfortunate as while the receiving unit is loaded with features , when the most fundamental part wo n't work -LRB- actually reading temperature -RRB- , it makes the entire system worthless .
 Gave up trying to get the wireless connection beyond 12 feet so just used it as a regular thermometer that I had to run in and out of the house to keep checking the temperature ... way over paid for that , the connection is horrible on this tiny piece of crap . The thermometer did n't even last 6 months of casual wear on top of that . I got poor quality for 6 months for $ 40 . Run away screaming from Maverick . Do not waste your money on this or any product they sell.Never , never , never again . They should call it DEAD PONY rather than maverick .
 The wireless range was less than 100 ft. , but that really did n't matter because it quit giving me accurate readings within about 30 minutes of use . It told me my roast was at 275 degrees when it was at around 60 degrees . Terrible , Terrible , Terrible .
 Evidently the Maverick line 7 's and 73 's have a major problem with their probes with water or moisture getting into the end . Have gone through 3 probes in 6 months and figured that I would file it away permanently . AKA Deep 6 it .
 The remote would not work when it was right next to the transmitter . The instruction say do n't submerge the probe when cleaning , how are you supposed to clean it after 12 hours of apple smoke . Sitting on the counter the probe reads 105
 The only reason I bought this was for the remote monitoring capability . I can not get more than 10 feet away without loosing the transmitter and that is line of site.If I close my sliding glass door , I do not get 5 feet.I tried 3 sets of batteries , incuding rechargables , no improvement.Great product in other ways , accurate and clean design , but useless to me since it is n't really a remote monitor .
 The remote works very erratically and only at a very short distance . Practically useless . I bought this product to replace one from Williams Sonoma that I really liked . I had fried the probe by using it in the grill.I chose the Maverick because I read that it was the same mechanism as the William Sonoma one , which I really like much better . Fortunately , the two probes work with the William Sonoma product , so I guess I bought two very expensive probes . I 'm hoping that they last longer than the original one because they are encased in metal . I decided not to return the item because I really do need the probes and the base unit works.I use my all the time , just remember the sequence . Turn on the main unit to temp , then turn on the remote , then turn the main unit off and back onto temp.I use mine all the time , for cooking and reheating leftovers . No guessing on when something is hot enough . They just need to come up with a version that 's more reliable and allow people to buy replacement probes .
 I guess I will chalk this up to $ 39.99 down the drain . I bought this because I do a lot of smoking of BBQ . I had another unit that was a single wireless probe that always worked like a champ -LRB- Maverick ET-71 -RRB- . Its range is good enough for me to sit in my living room -LRB- through 1-2 walls and probably about 30 feet from the smoker -RRB- , but this one I ca n't even walk away more than 25 feet outside , and I get no signal in the house not even the closest location to the smoker going through just one wall and it being maybe 15 feet away.I am extremely dissappointed , and I might has well have just bought another one probe ET-71 and just carried around two receivers . I was extremely hopeful for this product after Maverick had made such a good product in the ET-71 , but I guess I was wrong .
 I have used this thermometer a couple of times now and found the same thing many others have reported . I works pretty good at about ten feet but past that or inside you can forget it . I checked both probes in boiling water and it 's within a degree of what it should be . I mainly use a 55 gallon drum smoker and bought this so I did n't have to pop the lid until I had something done . I needed two probes so for what I needed it to do it works fine . Since the range is very limited I wish they had a plugin for both probes on the main unit . It only has one . If I had to do it over I would buy the Thermapen unit for $ 19.95 .
 Am using the thing for the first time today . In three hours , the control element has dropped the signal at least ten times . Every drop requires several minutes of effort to get it to reconnect .
 Like others have posted , I find the range very limited . I 've got the receiver less that 20 ' from the smoker and the signal fades out in about 15 minutes . The only fix is to reinitialize and redo all the setings - even the time-of-day clock .
 WHY DO THEY MAKE AND SELL A TEMPERATURE PROBE THAT DOES N'T WITHSTAND COOKING TEMPERATURES ??? Main problem is that the probes are delicate and `` short out '' when cooking with a grill . Customer service tells me that the wire in the probe will melt when used in a grill and the temperature goes above around 400 degrees . I do n't understand why they sell a probe for use on a grill that shorts out at that temperature . They have so many problems with this occurring that the FAQ on their web site talks about the unit displaying wildly inaccurate readings or just displaying `` LLL '' or `` HHH '' which occurs whent the probe `` shorts out . `` WHY DO THEY MAKE AND SELL A TEMPERATURE PROBE THAT DOES N'T WITHSTAND COOKING TEMPERATURES ???
 This device is cheap . One of my probes did n't work right out of the box . Do n't misplace the directions because you need to turn the units on in a very precise manner or it does n't work .
 i purchased this in febuary and hardly had a chance to use it before this summer i used it maybe 10 times when i went into the house it lost contact with the receiver.this past weekend main unit froze up and wont work i read the inst and it only comes with a 90 day warrantee . what a rip off
 My unit was badly off . I only realized after a couple of uses . When I tested the calibration both thermometers were off by about 4 degrees , resulting in undercooked meet the two times I used it . Also , the instructions are difficult to follow , as mentioned in other reviews .
 I would not recommend this product to anyone . Go online and find a barbecue site where professionals talks about what product they used . Wireless thermometers are hard to come by and the last two I have purchased have ended up to just not work at all.This product feels really cheap and flimsy . The thermometer temperature is about 30 degrees off from what it should be . But the wireless signal worked great.Do not buy this product , do n't waste your time .
 Neat product , if it actually worked ! We 'll stick to the old fashioned kind of meat thermometer from now on !
 This would be a fantastic item - if only it would work ! I followed the instructions exactly and repeatedly for set up . It works great for about 20 minutes , then it loses the remote signal from the probes even when the receiver is located 15 feet away from my smoker . The signal wo n't come back until I go through set up , re-entering every setting only to lose the signal again in about 20 minutes . I made certain that I have n't exceeded operating temperatures or violted any other parameters for use . This product is a dog !
 Purchased to keep track of the Turkey on our grill 's rotisserie . Since the probes have to connect to a box that can not be inside the grill cover , would have had to figure out a way to attach to the rotisserie mechanism . Too much work so returned .
 I bought this for my husband the Grill Master . He hates it . It is complicated and clumbsy . Waisted my money !!!
 Ca n't do without it in my Big Green egg . Meat is always tender and juicy . Takes a lot of leg work out of smoking meat .
 Sucks ! You have to constantly reset it to get a signal . The temp reading on the sending unit works fine but you may as well throw the receiving unit in the garbage
 This product would be great if it could transmit through windows or walls . The unit I received could n't reliably transmit to the receiver 10 feet away inside my house . Unfortunately I 'll be returning this item for one that actually works . If you are just using the product for the two probes and do n't care about the transmitter distance , it 's a great buy for the price .
 Wireless reciever stops working at five feet away . I used the trasmitter part with the two probes attached to it cooking a Brisket . Unit started acting funny 5 hours into the smoke . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM !
 Well after sending the first one back and getting another I can see it 's a ` feature ' to not work beyond 15 ft. -LRB- and especially through any material -RRB- . This was painfully obvious when first using the unit , and really being fascinated at first ... seemed to be working good ... I had meat in the smoker ... and it was getting hotter ... I was actually seeing temp updates ... then after not paying attention for a few minutes , I checked and the temps were way hotter than the reciever reported - since it had n't gotten any updates from the xmitter !! ARGH ! And eventually a ` loss of lock ' was obvious . So much for sitting in the house and watching the temps ! At least the transmitter unit seems to register the temps correctly so if you chuck the reciever in the trash , you still have a nice digital readout - sans remote . Buyer beware !
 I 'm disappointed that the wireless did n't really work . It 's a struggle to get it connected , and then difficult to keep it connected . the base station shows the temps by alternating the two , I just tossed the wireless receiver .
 The product is not as good as other remote temperature probes . I also have another one which works great , I thought this would be good having the two seperate probes to cook two different meats at once . I can not get even one probe to function correctly , after trying 4 times it just starts beeping after about 10 minutes . I have tried everything I can think of and set it differently but the same thing happens , just beeps all the time so I need to turn it off completly to get some silence . I am vey disappointed with ths product , I also bought one for a christmas gift , but I will not be giving this as a gift as I dont believe it is functioning correctly . I will keep trying and advise of the outcome , but at this stage things are not looking good , keep you all informed .
 Not what they used to be !!! I have purchased 3 of these over the last 6 years for myself and my family . The original units I purchased had heavy duty probe wires and as long as you were careful about keeping water from getting into the probes , they lasted a long time . After 3 years of moderate use , one of my probes shorted out which is acceptable.I ordered a new unit and the new probes a WAY thinner than the old ones . These thinner probes are junk !!! One of the new probes was dead out of the box so I returned the whole package and ordered a replacement . When the replacement came in both probes worked at first but stopped working halfway through grilling a steak . Maverick needs to go back to the old probes . I only have one old probe left so when that dies , I am out of luck . I would not purchase this again until the probe issue is fixed .
 One of the probes failed on first use , which may have simply been defective . The directions say to not use the probes in a cooker that 's over 400 degrees , but pretty much any barbecue out there is going to be in the 5-600 degree range which would make this product useless for anything but cooking a turkey/roast in the oven . But my real beef -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- is the range on the remote . It claims that it should have a 100 foot range . With wireless products , I 've learned to always half my expectations on range . The range on this device seems to be less than one foot for an accurate update . The only way to have the transmitter send to the receiver was to have them directly next to each other . Since you can plug a probe directly into the receiver , this makes the transmitter useless . I did manage to get it to update once -LRB- in other words , sync the temperature reading -RRB- at around 10 feet away , but it turned out to be a fluke . If you 're serious about grilling , you need the reading updated continuously or you 're going to overcook your food . I gave it two stars because it is a great idea , it just does n't seem to work in a real world setting .
 ... Mine did n't hold up to sub 300 degree temperatures . First time I used it in my smoker it went out - displaying , `` HHH '' , and would n't work thereafter . I think it would be a good product but mine did n't work . I think the quality control is likely poor with these especially in the probe wiring . So I 'm giving it one star .
 This item was being purchased to replace a Maverick remote thermometer that I had been using for many years and which had finally failed . Even though this item looks very similar to my old thermometer it is n't anywhere near the same quality . I actually ended up with two of these because the first one I received did n't work properly so Amazon sent a second one . Neither of the two was worth keeping . The problem common to both was that the remote readout receiver only worked `` when it wanted to '' . Sometimes it showed the same temperature as the transmitter , sometimes it showed the temperature as it was a few minutes before . If you are monitoring a roast you need to take out of the BBQ at a particular temp , it was pretty useless . What was also quite amusing was that the dual probes on the second unit I was sent displayed temperatures which were 20 degrees apart . I guess that means you can guess whether you have rare or well done beef !
 First I will say I am returning the item . I wanted to use this with my smoker . I put the thermometer in and setup the wireless receiving unit and the problems began . As soon as I was more than 5 feet from the sending unit it would drop its connection . The sending unit would lose the temp on one of the two probes every time I used it and would also show incorrect temp . Hard for your meat to be dropping from 180 degrees to 160 in 2 minutes while in a 225 degree smoker . My ol' faithful monitor would n't show this . Do n't waste your money on it !
 I barbeque frequently and am a big fan of remote thermometers . When it came time to replace my previous unit I saw this one with two probes . Great idea so I ordered it . Within three weeks one of the probes started to give a false reading . I plugged both probes in and one read 70 degrees and the other 110 degrees - on my kitchen counter ! I handle the probes carefully - never immersed in water , never exposed to excessive temperature , no reason for failure . Also it has a very limited range on the remote-receiver distance . I had trouble getting a constant reading even though my kitchen is only 45 feet from the BBQ . Great Idea - Poor Execution .
 I love the features of this product , namely the dual probes and the fact that you can see the probe temps on both the remote and the control units . However , the range was abysmal , as noted in several other reviews here . Abysmal as in it loses signal after about 10 feet through glass windows and does n't alert you to this fact . It also only updates a few times per minute even when it is working , which is frustrating when you 're trying to determine whether or not it 's actually working.I 've ordered an Oregon Scientific unit as a replacement and have high hopes as a friend has one of those and it works perfectly , albeit without the 2nd probe or the ability to see the temp on the `` outside '' unit .
 While it looks like units we have had in the past , this remote keeps dropping the signal from the probe . Have tried both probes and the same thing happens , even when the remote is in a line of sight view of the probe sender unit .
 Not only did this machine break after 2 months -LRB- an error message indicated that I had to return the machine to the manufacturer to have the `` computer board '' fixed -RRB- , the customer service was awful . I had to call repeatedly to get help , including numerous messages with the Customer Service Supervisor , who never called me back at all . This machine is also very high-maintenance - if you 're buying it for milk drinks , be prepared for an extremely rigid cleaning procedure , which is an enormous hassle . I strongly encourage people to avoid this machine . I would suggest the Jura Z5 , which does cost about $ 400 more , but at this price point , save yourself the aggravation .
 My Primea Touch Plus has been sent back to Saeco for repair twice for milk frothing problems and it still does n't work properly . Saeco will try to blame you for the problem but after speaking to one of their authorized service centers I learned that this problem is inherent with this model . You can spin the white wheel all you want but the problem is the seal in the top hole of the cappuccinatore . It rarely makes a proper seal and when it does n't the result is a loud screeching sound and no foam . The newer version of this machine has a different milk drawer latch than the prior model but it does n't solve the problem . I will bet that their next version of this machine will have a completely redesigned milk drawer system.Save your money and get any other Saeco machine with an old fashioned frothing wand . Making your first cup of caffeine in the morning is not the time you want to be battling a defective espresso machine and Saeco has some of the worst , most aggravating customer service I 've ever experienced .
 After buying this machine in Seattle , I have been thoroughly disgusted . We have constant problems with this very expensive machine , even when following prompts , maintenance and very little truly automatic use . Particularly , its automated maintenance and cleaning cycles fail , or never end as in de-scaling . Sending the product into the company leaves you without a machine for 6 weeks . And , we are still having problems.I would NOT recommend this product to others .
 The machine made the best cappuccino ever during its first week of operation , a LOT better than dunkin donuts or starbucks . Fresh ground coffee , one button operation , best milk froathing ever . Err ... until the first week . After that the machine somehow stop producing that nice foam and it was instead producing a ` watery ' kind of milk . Tried 4 different kinds of milks and still no luck . Also , the cappuccino temperature was never hot enough so that the coffee stays warm while you hold say when waiting for the train . It 's going back to J&R tomorrow - who by the way has an offer on it for 2000 $ . Good luck Saeco .
 I strongly recommend that no one buys this machine . We have had one for 2 years and sorely regret buying it . It has been in the repair shop for well over 8 months at various times . It is simply not made to last . Dont say you wer n't warned .
 This machine was rediculous . It was returned within 3 weeks . It would constantly ask you to clean the milk unit and run the cleaning cycle every day . If you do not , it builds up mold and mildew . Was a nightmare.The touch screen did not work well either . You press one thing and another function was activated.done with Saeco
 From the very beginning , all the coffee drinks had the flavor of industrial plastic . No matter how much I would clean and rinse it with just water , the taste never got better . After 3 weeks of not every day use , the milk dispenser broke down and would not steam or dispense milk -LRB- cleaning and rinsing with water did not work either -RRB- . I kept thinking the taste would get better , but did not . The milk dispenser breaking down prompted me to return the product and purchase a Jura S9 . We 'll see how it works and post another review on the Jura . If I could give this product a rating a zero , I would . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT as I believe there are some major design and engineering flaws that make the product useless . BMW made ? I think not !!
 After owning three different Jura machines , I decided to change brands and try Saeco . I have friends that have owned Saeco machines and they produce very good espresso . I found the Saeco Primea Touch Plus and I really liked the `` wow '' factor of the touch screen , motorized drip tray , and the automated cappuccino . After owning the machine for a little over four months , I 've realized all the bells and whistles in the world ca n't overcome the fact that this machine is poorly constructed and plagued with quality problems . It constantly locks in `` warming up '' mode , will fail to start , and request the milk circuits be cleaned when a milk drink has never been made , thus rendering the machine unusable . After receiving three different machines through warranty replacement , I 've completely given up and will chalk this up to an expensive lesson learned . The online reviews are correct , this machine just does n't work . It seems , however , that Saeco has learned the error of their ways . I just purchased a Gaggia -LRB- who ironically is owned by Saeco -RRB- Accademia which is basically a carbon copy of the new Saeco Xelsis and the quality difference between this machine and the Primea Touch Plus is night and day ! This new machine is constructed of metal instead of cheap plastic , performs every time , and dispenses a near-perfect -LRB- at least from an automatic machine -RRB- shot of espresso . Milk drinks are effortless and hot and it has an external milk container that does n't require a full cleaning every time you make a cappuccino or latte . Bottom line , if you 're thinking about buying the Primea Touch Plus , I would highly recommend looking at another machine .
 I was incredibly enthusiastic when I originally purchased this machine ... I mean , this was the ultimate gadget freak 's full-automatic capuccino maker - with a color touch screen ! Wow ! And the first few weeks were good -LRB- with the exception of the coolish latte macchiatos and the machine enforcing a totalitarian cleaning regime -RRB- . But then the problems began.According to Saeco , the machine would get air bubbles in its internal tubing and would start to sputter endlessly , then ask to be restarted . It would take me 15 minutes to an hour of starting and restarting the machine to coax them out , if I could at all . I got a replacement machine , and the same thing happened again.In the end , I gave up and the wonderful store I do business with replaced it with a Jura Z5 -LRB- with an additional payment , of course , because Jura is top-of-the-line stuff -RRB- . Jury is still out on the Z5 , but I can tell you that after years with Saeco , I 'm pretty much done with them .
 I had wanted this coffee maker , since it came out . I finally sold my Jura Capresso F9 , and pitched an extra ton of cash to be able to buy this machine and boy was I in for a big surprise!First of all , this machine is a piece of junk ! Why ? Because , to begin with , once you have it in front of you , it looks , feels , operates and even weighs like a worthless piece of junk ! This thing only looks good in pictures and on Saeco 's website , because in real life , this machine looks like one of those plastic non functioning decoy phones that you may find at Best Buy instead of the real ones , so that you can get an idea of how the product looks.In this case , it not only looks like that , but it also feels like one . I am so , sorry I sold my Jura Capresso to purchase this over priced coffee maker ! I kid you not , a Bosch from Tassimo , looks more solid and of higher quality than this thing!This does not , in any way represent anything that is remotely associated with high quality and state of the art technology ! Saeco , can claim all they want with their Nano Technology , etc. . The fact is , this machine looks like a $ 150.00 coffee maker and judging from its looks , materials and construction , that 's probably what it costs to make!Awful , awful , just plain awful ! This machine is so light , that you can even move it around your counter with the tip of your finger ! Yes , it is that bad folks.And what about functionality ? My God ! This thing is plagued with defects , mine arrived with the side door unable to close , because the locking mechanism is so cheap and so frail that it broke and now will not hold the door in place , causing the machine not to start . I actually had to tape it to the body of the machine , in order to bypass this message and get it started.Then , the top lid would not close , also causing the machine not to start ! I had to put a book on top of it to bypass this message , so that it would start!Then water started dripping from where the water container is placed within the machine!And what of the touchscreen technology ? Who cares ! With all these problems , the quality of workmanship , cheap materials and their excessive use of cheap plastic!I am returning this piece of junk to the merchant , and I am buying another Jura Capresso , which I 've been using for years and never had a single problem of any kind!Now , that I have seen what Saeco does , I can better appreciate Capresso 's attention to detail , quality in materials and workmanship , as well as their technology , including their extensive use of metal which adds weight to the machine.I will try to see if I can afford a Jura Capresso Z6 , if not , I 'll just buy another F9 , like the one I sold to buy this piece of junk.In short ... Do n't bother with this machine !
 There probably was nothing wrong with these knives if you wanted serrated edges but what I was looking for was the hard , solid edge so I returned these unopened . It 's my fault for not paying closer attention to the fine print within the description .
 I can not think of one single reason why would anybody want 7 serrated knifes . Microserrated or whatever ... Terrible steel I 'll throw them to garbage .
 knifes are not smooth and sharp , dont bother saving money on these spend a little more and get the orig.if i had it to do again i would not purchase these .
 cheap junk . these knifes are `` micro serrated '' if you are not using a sawing motion they do not cut . you cant chop because the edge it wont go all the way through . im stuck with them and they suck . i would have never bought them if i knew they had this bogus edge .
 These knives are terrible worst product I have bought off amazon ever . I would n't recommend this product to anyone they are micro serrated and rust very easily .
 I was surprised to discover that the reason these knives are `` eversharp '' is because they are all micro-serrated blades . It makes it difficult to chop cleanly & VERY difficult to wash without destroying the sponge . Would not have purchased them if I had known .
 We have some knives from J. A. Henckel and thought these would be a good addition . Theses are all serated and cut really good when using a sawing motion . They do not push through food as well as I would like . They are thick blades , so if you are looking for thin paring or boning knives , these will disappoint you .
 I did n't know they were serated knives when I bought them . I would n't have , had I known . Product description not that descriptive .
 I have owned this blanket for less than a month so I can not make any judgment about its longterm durability , but the first -LRB- and only -RRB- time it was washed it shed like a buffalo in springtime , and the dye used on the `` moss '' green was not colorfast in warm water and detergent . I gave it two stars because it is reasonably warm , and has an attractive weave .
 i SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER AT $ 8.55 - I KNEW SOMETHING HAD TO BE UP WITH THIS BLANKET . FIRST OFF , MY LABEL SAYS `` CHATTAM '' NOT MARTEX . IT IS ROUGH AND VERY HEAVY . LASTLY AND MOST ANNOYING - I BOUGHT THE NAVY AND IT SHEDS ALL OVER EVEN AFTER WASHING IT . I HAVE TO VACUMN MY BEIGE CARPETING EVERY TIME I UNFOLD THIS BLANKET . AWFUL QUALITY ! A REJECT !
 I wished I had read the other reviews before purchasing . The blanket is warm but has pilled our brand new sheets badly . I have just washed it and it is NOT colorfast . Next time I will read before buying .
 Taking it out of the package , I could see that it was loosely woven and feel that it was very rough . Then I noticed the thick threads were coming loose . With washing , it does seem to have softened a tiny bit , and shrunk so that it seems more tightly woven . However , I do n't see myself actually using this blanket as anything but an extra blanket for really cold days . That way , maybe it will last longer .
 I 've only had this a few months . It makes a nice cup of coffee but the pink enamel stains easily and is already chipping off around the spout . It also has a design fault as the lower tip of the handle tends to melt from the heat of the gas stove as the coffee perks .
 Having bought EVERY pink item in the last several months . I was dismayed to discover that none of the money was going to CFTC just because I had bought them . Seems that in VERY small print on the hang tag , there is a disclaimer . You have to go online and register the product . Only then will KitchenAid fork over the Money ... . Yes for something as small as a set of measuring cups or a knife , you have to register.Of course I discovered this long after I had thrown away the hang tags . So I went to LOWES and wrote down the UPC from the items they still stocked there . They were out of several items I have and did n't know if they were getting any more . So now I am off to the mall kitchen store . Wish me luck . Oh and SAVE those hang tags .
 I have had three for theses beds in two years . The last two were replacements . The customer service is awful to talk to anyone you would have to call at the end of the week . It takes them forever to send a replacement . It took them six months to send a replacement the last time . The replacement leaked so I called again and it took another six months for the replacement . I bought a real bed and love it . I 'm still waiting the replacement for the lest bed .
 Very disappointed . The quality and color depicted in the photo does not accurately represent the condition of the vases I received . I thought I was getting a great deal on a nice vase , but that 's not the case . I got what I paid for ... Not much .
 looks nice . did tea well . handle just fell off , the hold cracked off . ah , well ...
 These are a good value , as far as you get many tools and a cute container for them , but I was rather disappointed with the quality . Like other reviewers mentioned , the name smears off the handles rather quickly , and the pale pink color picks up stains extremely easily - not only with tomato sauce , but also stuffing , soup , and anything with curry in it . These tools , while pretty , are simply not up to the same standards as other kitchenaid products .
 I really liked a rich pink color when I bought these spatulas and spoons , but they stained the first time I cooked curry or tomato sause . I tried everything to remove the stains , but nothing seems to work . So what used to be pretty pink is now yellow and not so pretty . I am surprised the manufacturer did n't think about this `` small '' detail , when stirring sauces is what spatulas are frequently used for . You would be better off buying black spatulas . At least they always look like new .
 I love my pink tools . The only thing is that the name on the handle has dissapeared ?? I made spagetti and the spoon got stained with tomatoe sauce . That is why I am very dissapointed
 Having bought EVERY pink item in the last several months . I was dismayed to discover that none of the money was going to CFTC just because I had bought them . Seems that in VERY small print on the hang tag , there is a disclaimer . You have to go online and register the product . Only then will KitchenAid fork over the Money ... . Yes for something as small as a set of measuring cups or a knife , you have to register.Of course I discovered this long after I had thrown away the hang tags . So I went to LOWES and wrote down the UPC from the items they still stocked there . They were out of several items I have and did n't know if they were getting any more . So now I am off to the mall kitchen store . Wish me luck . Oh and SAVE those hang tags .
 The picture shows a pink poly board but what you get is a wood cutting board . Amazon contacted about this but has not fixed the problem .
 Having bought EVERY pink item in the last several months . I was dismayed to discover that none of the money was going to CFTC just because I had bought them . Seems that in VERY small print on the hang tag , there is a disclaimer . You have to go online and register the product . Only then will KitchenAid fork over the Money ... . Yes for something as small as a set of measuring cups or a knife , you have to register.Of course I discovered this long after I had thrown away the hang tags . So I went to LOWES and wrote down the UPC from the items they still stocked there . They were out of several items I have and did n't know if they were getting any more . So now I am off to the mall kitchen store . Wish me luck . Oh and SAVE those hang tags.I am posting this same complaint on every kitchenaid item at amazon
 When I put the first pair it broke in two pieces . They have a very poor quality and the service of the supplier was the worst of all .
 This appliance reminds me of why it 's never a good idea to save $ 20 and go for the cheaper one.Let me start by saying that it is very short , leaving no room to reach your hand in to do anything without burning yourself . Normally this would n't be a problem , with a removable tray , but this tray will not budge . The entire thing heats up to an untouchable temperature on the OUTSIDE , so do n't even think of trying to pull out that tray for at least half an hour . It toasts very unevenly , turns a bright pulsing orange inside which is just weird , and to top it all of the door is now not shutting tightly.It receives an extra star for working and not bursting into flames ... yet .
 Very Unsafe!although it toasts fine , the outside -LRB- including the handle -RRB- gets extremely hot and it 's virtually impossibleto retrieve your food without getting burned.if you choose to buy this you should alsoinvest in a good burn cream-you will need it for yourfingers !
 Before we realized how dangerous this toaster was , it just plain ol' regular sucked . Instead of the typical oven-knob and toaster-settings , this has a knob that you can set as oven temperature or to TOAST . The second knob is a timer . The switch is on and off . So to toast , you have to set the oven to TOAST , and set the timer for whatever length of time you believe to be appropriate.It takes approximately 5-8 minutes to toast bread.The oven door is not connected to the grate , so opening the door does n't pull out your toast or other food - you have to go in and get it . You will burn your hands.The door is also bordered with metal . Metal is a conductor and will get hot . You will burn your hands.That 's just the DESIGN . Now for the FLAW.After two months of ownership , the timer started to malfunction . Setting to toast for 5-10 minutes , it would get to the end and not shut off . There would be no `` ding '' alerting you that your toast was done . and toaster would not automatically turn off . Thus , leaving toast - or in my case , forgetting about toast - in the toaster oven can result in fire . In my case I was lucky enough to suffer only some smoke damage in and around the toaster , but someone else might not be so lucky . This thing is dangerous and should be removed from the market .
 Nice looking and cleans up well but ... This oven takes forever to heat up , make toast , and after a dozen uses the timer knob broke off when barely tapped by the tea kettle . Very cheezy brittle plastic knob . Yes , you will get burned if you touch the outside of the oven so be careful . I put an oven thermometer in it and it only reached 325 degrees after 45 minutes.There 's no taking it back at this point , but you should look at kitchenaide . My daughter has one and it 's quick to heat up and toast .
 The problem with this product is that a few months after I purchased it , it would n't shut off by itself when the timer reached the end of the pre-set cycle . So for example , if you put it on toast , it would toast indefinitely -LRB- yet that 's right , even until your bread was burned to a crisp and god-forbid your house was on fire -RRB- . Oddly enough , it would n't do this all the time , sometimes it would shut off -LRB- with the requisite `` ding ! '' and sometimes it would just keep going and going and going -RRB- . To say that this is dangerous is an understatement . I would actually unplug the thing after each use because I was concerned about what else it would do . Definitely do not recommend .
 Well , maybe a penny . But that 's about it . I bought this oven to replace my Krups oven that finally went out after 9 -LRB- yes -RRB- years of use . I could n't bring myself to spend the extra cash on what I thought was a simple machine . I SHOULD have just forked over the money though , because I am very disappointed in this oven and am looking to replace it after 6 months of being tortured by it . Where do I begin....-toasts unevenly . Probably the most irritating thing about it . That 's suppose to be the one thing it does well . It does n't . Half of my waffle is burned , while half is toasted fine . Grr.-controls are not precise enough to toast at a certain level . You must constantly watch whatever you are toasting because it will no doubt be burned if you walk away . That may seem insignificant right now , but trust me , when all your trying to do is eat a piece of toast before getting ready to go to work in the morning and you have to sit and watch the toaster while you should be washing your face or something , this thing gets ANNOYING . Get an oven that does n't waste your time.-the outside does get very hot , all over . Again , seems insignificant , but it 's just irritating to have to avoid getting anywhere near it while using it.-the inside is small and the tray does not slide out when you open the door . You will burn your hand getting toast out of it . I consider myself a careful person , but have burned my hand quite a bit on this hunkajunk.I must give the positives to be fair ... simple design looks decent , small and does n't take up much space , tray opens at the bottom for cleaning , price tag is small . The end.Save your money and buy a nicer one . This oven is junk . Amen .
 I bought this cute little toaster oven because my old standby stopped working . This is one HUGE disappointment . Not only does it get super hot on the outside , but my unit came with a timer that did n't work ! I should have learned my lesson when I tried it a few times , but kept hoping it was just me and not the unit . This morning I put two pieces of toast in , on the middle -LRB- light -RRB- setting , and before I knew it , the house was full of smoke and the timer had n't budged . The toast was burned beyond recognition and about to catch fire . I 'm returning it to the company because it is a piece of crap and I hope the replacement is not the same model . If it is , I 'm going to call back and talk to a manager and get a different one .
 To say it gets hot is an understatement . I have had this toaster oven for under a year and the top front face of the stainless is charred . How is it burning itself ? I do n't know.One of the rubber feet also fell off and wo n't stand to be reattached . Also heats/toasts unevenly . Would love to return it to Target , but am outside of the 90 day return period ...
 Purchased it at Target about 3 months ago . Never once did it evenly toast . Went to turn it on 2 days ago and it was broken . I 'm actually happy that it broke so I can get a new one .
 Very slow to heat up and cooking anything takes at least 2X longer than it 's supposed to . Example
 This little oven makes the old Easy Bake oven look like a powerhouse . The Emerson TOR49 is a complete piece of junk . It ca n't even toast bread !? How can they get away with selling such garbage ? DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM .
 This is clearly a product that has never been user-tested before going on the market , but I suppose `` you get what you pay for '' . It 's an affordable oven , not too ugly , and does an OK job . The primary annoying bit is the door handle and surfaces ... they are a consistent source of finger burns -LRB- I now leave the door open after taking the food out and close it later in the day -RRB- . The second equally annoying bit is the uneven toasting ... if you do n't turn your toast over and 180 degrees , it will burn on one end . You definitely need to monitor your food in this oven , especially since the toast settings on the knob are meaningless . And yes , the whole thing gets hot , but that 's an easier annoyance to avoid . This toaster is essentially one step up from heating your food over an open flame .
 The feature set on this seemed attractive . It 's a pretty big space , comes with two racks , and even a rotisserie . `` If it could do all that , then man it must be awesome ! '' is what we thought.But we were sorely mistaken
 Our 15 year old Delonghi finally died and we bought the Emerson as a replacement . It seemed to have numerous features although its construction seemed rather light . Upon opening the box , the machine was literally falling apart with the outer edge bulging out from the front seam . As the device was securely packaged and there was no damage to the box , one must presume that there are no quality control inspectors on the Chinese assembly line where this machine was assembled . Needless to say , we never plugged it in and will be returning it right away . I wish Delonghi still was made in Italy and of the same quality as our previous model .
 On the surface , it seemed quite nice with the rotisserie attachment and tray handle , not to mention the convection feature . Everything was going according to plan until I turned it on . The instruction manual suggests turning the temperature knob to toaster/broil and cook the insides for about fifteen minutes . I must say , I 'm surprised our smoke detector did n't go crazy with the toxic fumes coming out of that thing . Heck , I almost had the fire extinguisher handy just in case . Remember the trick on how to burn someone twice with a match ? Well , my first burn was when I bought this fire-box and the second burn occurred when I attempted to open the door . Yes , the smooth stainless steel handle looks innocent enough , but as your opening the door , the metal that 's fastened on the top of the glass will get you like a rattlesnake in the grass . This unit should n't even get one star , but that 's as low as I could go . If some of you are in to third degree burns and black lung , then this is the unit to buy !
 We bought this toaster because it looked nice , and because we figured , `` hey , it 's not like a toaster could be bad at toasting , right ? `` Absurdly enough , it is . The `` toast '' range of the timer is about 5 degrees of rotation - so between `` off '' and `` dark toast '' is about a centimeter . Furthermore , the knob is very imprecise -LRB- it `` wiggles '' -RRB- , and if you turn it too little -LRB- in an attempt to have moderately-toasted bread -RRB- the timer does n't start ticking , so you need to babysit the toaster or get ready for burnt toast . Or , you have to turn it further than you 'd like and enjoy darker toast . Of course , even when the timer DOES start , it occasionally fails to turn off the heating element , and the toaster just stays on until you run into the kitchen because you smell burnt bread -LRB- or worse -RRB- . A poor toaster is one thing ; this is a fire hazard.It 's a shame
 this little beast burns your bread , your fingers and anything that falls onto the floor of the oven bursts in high flames . this is dangerous as well as disfunctional and is so bad it should go to the trash rather than the charity rummage sale . i hope amazon reads all the comments on this page and decides not to carry the product anymore . -LSB- BY THE WAY ... I DID NOT BUY THIS THRU AMAZON -RSB-
 I received this toaster oven as a Christmas gift and should have returned it after the first time I used it . The entire thing gets too hot to touch and it is impossible to gauge how long anything should be left in there for it to be done right.As of last night , this piece of garbage is sitting on my lawn in the backyard , burnt to a crisp . It caught fire while baking frozen french fries and I 'm talking FIRE !!! We are lucky that our house did not burn down.Do not buy this toaster oven !!!!!!
 It IS easy to burn your fingers . In addition it is a very poor toaster because the timer control -LRB- how you set the darkness of the toast -RRB- has such a wide range -LRB- to 30 mins -RRB- that the difference between untoasted and burnt is only a few degrees . The dials are very hard to read . Also the timer sometimes gets stuck on if you do n't go to > 5mins then back . In the few months I had it , I had to throw away a lot of burnt toast and after the flaming toast incident , I ended up replacing it .
 We bought this to replace an old cheap toaster oven , and we loved the idea of having a rotisserie ! Worked great the first 3-4 times ... not anymore ! - If you do n't get your 5 lb . chicken -LRB- largest that you can use according to the directions -RRB- EXACTLY centered and weight balanced , it will not turn . - Do n't even bother trying to make TOAST in this oven ... it takes 10 + minutes . - The racks are annoying - the ` toast ' rack falls out and drops your toast if you slide it more than a couple inches out of the oven . - The convection fan was noisy from the first time we turned it on.We 've had this product for a few months now , and I am NOT IMPRESSED . BIG waste of money . : -LRB-
 Do n't buy this toaster oven ! Timing controls are confusing and very hard to get right . One day my toast is undercooked , the next day it 's burnt , and it 's always cooked unevenly . The oven/toaster often does n't turn off when the timer dings , burning the food . The heat does n't shut off when the door opens , and the tray does n't slide out when the door opens , causing burns . It gets incredibly hot on top too , which is dangerous . Mine 's going to the dump . I 'd give it zero stars if possible .
 Emerson is lucky they 're not being sued for making this dangerous product . The timer does n't work , it almost set our house on fire after turning our cabinets black .
 We bought this toaster oven in a local store and had it about a year . Looks good on the counter top , and it appears to be a well built appliance , but when we started using it , we realized that it is not built very well . The convection fan was too noisy from day one -- it sounded like it was low quality China-made junk , which it apparently is . The control knobs do not work in some positions -LRB- noisy fan running , but producing no heat -RRB- so we learned which knob positions do work and have been using those settings . The oven still works , but the fan has gotten so noisy that we are now looking for a new one . We will scrap this one .
 I got the dining room set a little over a month ago . The table and chairs are falling apart on me already . The table and chairs shake
 It looks so beautiful & it is , however the box was damaged in shipping also - which did affect the product - 2 of the chairs have broken the same way as stated in another comment by falling less than a foot off of the groud the over all quality seems to be poor when it comes to the set up - the wood on the table top itself was split & cracked at delivery . ...
 I was so excited to find just the perfect table for our newly remodeled kitchen after looking everywhere ! When it arrived , my husband put it together , but one of the unassembled chair backs slipped out of the shipping box and onto the floor and the top back split right off . We thought it was our fault -LRB- even though it fell with little force -RRB- , but in the last two weeks , two more chairs have broken in exactly the same manner - the dowels inside which hold the top piece on , break like glass when they are hit with just the slightest force -LRB- one chair fell from about a foot from the floor . I feel so sad that what we thought was a perfect solution for our kitchen is turning into junk ! The chairs can be fixed -LRB- if you have woodworking tools and are handy -RRB- , but I fear that it will be a constant problem . Three out of the four chairs are damaged - one will never be right as the wood split in addition to the dowels breaking . ... As much as I love the way the set looks , I 'd have to advise against purchasing unless you plan to keep them like they 're museum pieces !
 Wood grain is not tight - already seperating after 1 week - chairs are of poor manfacturing - 2 of the back rails were broken - groves very far apart no tight seems & joints are exposed - Do n't waste your money or time . If your wanting an investment for your money or even something to last a year this is not it for the price .
 This tray arrived broken , and looked as though it had been shipped from the factory broken . `` Wood '' is a stretch as the product used to make this is very cheap . The company , Stacks and Stacks was difficult to deal with . Overall , a big ZERO .
 Such high hopes , dashed -- I really expected this to be the can opener that worked well and lasted ... It worked fairly well at first , but any can that was even the slightest bit out of round gave it problems , and eventually , it just did n't work well at all -- I just got back from the store mid-chili recipe , because it would n't work at all on a can of beans , no matter how many times I went around and around that lip ...
 Junk . All right , a few more words ... Save your money . Quality is poor and fabric is very thin . Save your money ! I sent it right back to Amazon at their expense .
 After setting everything up it just did n't power up . I returned to retailer that I purchased from and the cashier said someone else just returned one that had a problem . Bad batch or bad Chi-Com electronics ? With only 2 data points I would not recommend .
 Nice board but we are already having problems with the sensors picking up the darts . What a hassle to have a product of that size having issues less than a month into purchase and having to figure out how to return it .
 Not very happy with mine . The sheet metal on the top of the microwave vibrates loudly when in use since the very first use . And recently heard a loud pop while in the middle of reheating a plate of food . The glass plate inside had cracked . Called customer assistance and that was a nightmare .
 We bought this microwave in April 2005 . The model number is slightly different -LRB- PLMB209DCC -RRB- but other than the last three digits it is the same microwave . Overall it was a good microwave , albeit very expensive -LRB- about twice the cost of the typical microwave -RRB- . About a week ago -LRB- April 2009 - yes , the microwave is 4 years old -RRB- the microwave started to make a funny noise . Then today while melting a quarter cube of butter with the timer set for 15 seconds the inside of the microwave caught fire . It was n't a fire in the food area of the microwave . It was from something in the electronics area behind the touch pad . The fire melted a hole in the side wall inside the microwave and when I opened the door I had to blow out the flames . I took pictures and I 'll see if I can upload them.I 've contacted the manufacturer but they have n't responded yet . Presumably , the microwave I bought is made with the same parts that they 're using for the new version of this model . With that in mind , I highly recommend that you go with a different model or brand for safety sake . After all , despite the fact that there was a fire , would n't you want your microwave to last longer than 4 years ? Our last one lasted more than 20 years and we threw it away because it looked old , not because it did n't work.Good luck finding your new microwave ! I hope Frigidaire starts making a better product .
 Since 2007 we have bought two and they both broke . The warranty is only for 1 year , but it breaks after a year and a half . I bought the second one , the same model since i have a frame for that , and that one broke after 2 years of normal usage -LRB- family of 3 -RRB- . Now it 's better to change the frame and buy a different model ; two failing w/in a couple of years is too much .
 I have never felt compelled to write a review in my life , until now ; if I am going to spend the time to do it , it better be accurate and thorough . I hope this helps somebody who is thinking about buying this product . : -RRB- As I 'm sure you will be aware of if you look at the other reviews , EVERYONE customer from Amazon , Best buy , and Consumer Reports gave this microwave an awful rating . Amazon does n't even sell this product anymore because it is so bad . This Microwave was expensive and broke very quickly for no reason . It IS beautiful , and works well while it works , which is n't very long at all . It was relatively new when we moved in and broke within three months . For some reason I think this model -LRB- and just the brand in general -RRB- is prone to malfunction . When it broke I found that many others had the exact problem with their microwave that I had with mine . To see the common malfunction go to -LSB- ... -RSB- Save your time and money and look for a different brand , or if you really want this brand , at least buy a different model . For the amount you will end up spending on a new one or to fix it -LRB- still very pricey - $ 150 - $ 200 for part alone -RRB- , you might as well buy one for double the price that will last . Do n't be deceived by the flashy appearance , or the false positive reviews . If you are thinking `` but there are some really positive reviews too , so it has to be okay right ? '' This is a very normal reaction as those reviews do look very convincing . If you are still torn , please read ahead.Don ' t be fooled by AJ Madison -LRB- ALL the positive reviews -RRB- . They still sell this microwave and want it to look good for their own profit . It 's pretty fishy that their reviews are the exact opposite of everyone else that wrote a review . If you notice the positive reviews , ALL of them come from AJ Madison , and none of them from another source . Coincidence ??
 Just had a fire in my microwave last night . Not even worth one star , any suggestions on how to deal with manufacturer?I would like to amend this entry to say that through the Better Business Bureau I received fair treatment and compensation for the faulty product . Electrolux Liability Department saved face for this company , though it took lodging a complaint through the BBB to get communication moving in the right direction . I advise anyone wishing to pursue a claim regarding an Electrolux manufactured product , head directly for the Liability Department and do n't waste time in customer service . The Customer Service Department is not equipped to handle complaints and the threshold for dealing with resolution is very low .
 Loved this toaster oven for its versatility and large capacity , until it stopped toasting after 12 months of moderate use . -LRB- Funny , within a couple of weeks of the warranty expiring . -RRB- The top heating elements no longer heat up ; still seems to bake , but that 's not what I use most often . This replaced a Black & Decker toaster oven that worked for close to 10 years . I would hesitate to buy another Rival product .
 We 've had this toaster less than 6 months and this morning it wo n't turn on . I 've never had a toaster break in less than 2 years . This one is a turkey !
 We are on our second unit now.While we really liked the features of this oven when we first bought it , the temperature knob on our first one became difficult to move within a week or two and we exchanged it.For some time , the new oven performed beautifully , but did n't cook very evenly , particularly on baked goods . Muffins in the front right corner of the oven cavity burned on top before others were close to doneness . Toast really does n't toast well , because it 's too far from the heating elements and ends up drying out before it 's truly toasted . But the oven did great on a 12-inch frozen pizza.The second oven has had no problems with the temperature knob , but has had odd `` electronics '' odors at times and today had a pop and a flame that briefly shot out the right side . It 's going to the trash heap . $ 60 wasted and a lot of counter space freed up .
 I really liked all that this toaster oven does . It 's great to be able to bake a few cookies at a time . It does n't cook them as well as our full size convection oven , but it works well enough . The time you save over warming up a full-size oven is wonderful!Like many other reviews , we also had problems with the temperature knob being stuck . That started when it was about a year old and got progressively worse . Last week , the oven simply quit heating on the top , so now it 's in the trash . I would n't recommend this oven unless and until the manufacturer fixes this obvious and recurring defect . Aside from that , though , it would have been quite good .
 This toaster oven is a piece of crap . At first it was ok , It did take some getting used to . I mean you have to barley move the toast selection dial or your gon na burn the toast . But the real problem is with the tempeture control knob . Aftyer about 2 weeks the knob started to stick . It was impossible to move until it heated up for awhile . Last night I made some tater tots and forgot to move the tepeture control back to toast while the the oven was still hot . So this morning when I wanted to make toast I had to deal with the stuck dial . It was ugly . I wound up taking the dial off and attempted to turn the selector with a pair of pliers but the dam rod was round and I could not grip it . I flew into a rage and just chucked the thing where it belongs , in the garbadge . What a way to start your day huh ? Fighting with the toaster over .
 I bought this a little over a year ago based on very good reviews . I was very happy with it , especially the ability to cook a 12 inch pizza . Then the oven door spring broke . I have googled and googled , and there does not appear to be any way to fix this myself . I do n't see any parts available . I am certainly not going to send it in to get fixed . Looks like I either need to jury rig it , or throw it away . Based on the fact that several other people have had the oven door break and it does n't appear to be easily fixable , I could never recommend this oven to anyone .
 I bought this a little over a year ago based on very good reviews . I was very happy with it , especially the ability to cook a 12 inch pizza . Then the oven door spring broke . I have googled and googled , and there does not appear to be any way to fix this myself . I do n't see any parts available . I am certainly not going to send it in to get fixed . Looks like I either need to jury rig it , or throw it away . Based on the fact that several other people have had the oven door break and it does n't appear to be easily fixable , I could never recommend this oven to anyone .
 The heating element lit up like a light bulb as it melted and twisted and then quit . I 'm glad it did n't catch fire . The oven made it past its projected life expectancy -LRB- the one-year warrantee period -RRB- so I 've got to find another . I wo n't be purchasing this model again .
 Got the oven as a house-warming present . Never had a toaster oven before so was quite pleased to receive the gift . Using it as a toaster , it never worked well . Inconsistent . And two years later , I know know why . The timer is the weakest link . A toaster oven in general is great for a one-person household . It reheats pizza incredibly well . I never knew how awful reheating pizza in a microwave was until I got to use a toaster oven.Pros
 This is a VERY large toaster oven , yes it can hold a 12 '' pizza but it ca n't cook it . The pizza edge furthest inside was burnt and the edge near the door was un-cooked & gooey.As if it was n't large enough , the legs for this toaster oven make it a counter space nightmare . As previous reviews mentioned the knob sticks -LRB- for me it was the timer and needed to be reset or turned back then forward to ding the bell done and turn it off -RRB- . Finally ... not even 6 months old and it is DEAD . NO HEAT , NOTHING works and it is in the trash .
 I purchased this unit because of the size and mostly favorable reviews on Amazon . It worked fine for the past year and four months . I am a single man , so it does get used instead of my large oven , but I would not say I used it more than say , a family with kids . One day I noticed the unit did not shut the coils off after set temp was reached . It did get hotter than normal but it did not melt any cords or anything that crazy . I turned it off and tried to test it the next day . The coils do not heat up , and you can not hear any `` clicking '' when the temp dial is turned . It 's definitely the thermostat control that died . I doubt it had more than a year warranty , so I 'm out $ 80 on a Rival oven . Wo n't do that again .
 I do n't know what to do with this thing . The toaster time control is stuck and it very difficult to move . Normally when you move the toaster control to `` light '' or `` dark '' the toaster oven ticks down a certain timeframe , then dings that it 's finished . There 's no ticking , no moving of the temperature control button , no ding , and your toast burns every time . This item was very barely used , though I did store it safely and in good packaging for a year . Should n't be happening !
 Another reviewer mentioned having the temperature control stick -- that was NOT an isolated incident . I purchased mine direct from Rival on their site in hopes that it might come a little faster than Amazon 's ever slower standard delivery -LRB- who wants to go 2 weeks with no toaster ? -RRB- . This hope was in vain , alas , as it still took over 2 weeks . After having the oven about 3 days I took some toast out a little early -LRB- still getting used to how long to set it for darkness -RRB- and took it in the other room to eat . When I went back in the kitchen a couple hours later it had never shut off , and was so hot that it had melted the cord of my microwave that ran behind it -LRB- a good 4 inches away mind you -- not touching or anything -RRB- . After this it would simetimes shut off and sometimes not . I called Rival and asked if it could be returned , they said no problem , they would exchange it . I decided I would still use it after this and would just have to either force the timer off or unplug it every time after use . Unfortunately , within another couple of days the temperature control froze so that it could not be turned at all -- I 'm talking even using ALOT of force -- I was afraid it would break if I used pliers or something . I just called and said I really did n't want another one of these items after my experience , and was told that I would have to take another one , and if it did it again THEN I could return it for something else . No thanks , I think I 'd rather NOT burn my house down ... DO N'T buy this oven ! If anybody wants one cheap , my new one will be going on Ebay or something ... maybe a gift to someone I do n't like ...
 This toaster oven was perfect ... for about two months . We used it nearly every day . It is not built well , however ... First problem
 I bought this product over a year ago after reading glowing reviews . Now I see that others are having similar problems that I 've had . I can not rely on the temperature gauge because everything would burn . As it is , if the temp is set higher than 225 , WHATEVER is in there will burn . The timer also has a habit of sticking , so if you 're not watching , it will continue to cook your food and not cycle off . I 've resorted to using a kitchen timer . Although its spacious inside , if you try to toast several pieces of bread , they will toast unevenly , so its best to just do two at a time . The ability to heat a frozen pizza , although seemingly convenient , is not worth the lost counter space and frustration because you made the mistake of `` walking away thinking a toaster oven could cook your food without being watched . '' What was I thinking ? Even if I could exchange it , it functions so poorly , why would I want another ?
 This is the worst toaster I have ever owned . The temp . controls are wildly inacurate , the fan rattles the whole time it 's on . Sure it 's big and big is nice but what is the point of being able to fit a pizza if the thing is going to burn it . There are much better Toasters out there .
 I have had the same problems as other people : The temperature knob sticks and can only move after the machine heats up.The spring in the door broke off and now the door wo n't stay closed.I have used the thing lightly for less than a year and these problems already make the machine unusable.It is a piece of junk and the warranty is a joke .
 This toaster oven was perfect for a year . Then , as others have mentioned , the temperature dial started sticking . After turning it too hard one day trying to unstick it , it broke . I took apart the unit to look at the thermostat switch . I really do n't think I am going to be able to fix it .
 Overall , I think it is a decent toaster , except for the main problem that is mentioned elsewhere here that the temperature knob sticks . Now , it is impossible to move until it gets hot . This is a manufacturing defect and the unit should be recalled .
 We are now on our 2nd oven and once again the temperature knob broke . Even after exchanging our first oven for another one the knob never really worked right . However , we got used to preheating the oven before being able to move the temperature knob . Although today it finally bit the dust and now I am going to replace this toaster over with a different brand . If it was not for the temperature knob I would recommend this oven . Although with it being a larger size oven , it does take longer to heat up than the smaller toaster ovens .
 I bought this toaster oven just over a year ago from a local store . I am now looking online to see reviews of all kinds of toaster ovens , since i am unhappily in the market for a new one . Although I was once happy with this machine , I no longer am . For many months now it has toasted very unevenly , but the final deal breaker was that pesky little door spring . It failed about 3 weeks ago , and no matter how much we fiddle with it , there is no way to remove the door , bend the spring into place , replace the spring , etc. . Imagine my surprise to find that a bunch of others have had the same exact problem ! My next toaster oven will not be from Rival . I prefer being able to use it without heating up my kitchen .
 My other oven element burned out after about 6 years of daily -LRB- and sometimes 2 or 3 times a day -RRB- use . I loved the oven , so I searched for another one just like it to order.My old one came with 2 racks , this one only had one when I received it , but two were pictured on the side of the box.This one had been treated very badly before or during putting it in the box , because the handle was badly bent . No amount of bending , and twisting will straighten it.This oven also does n't heat as it should . You have to set the temperature at least 50 degrees higher than the setting you really need.Bottom line ... I will not order another Rival product .
 I 've had this oven for about 2 years . I was satisfied with it until this morning when the heating element would n't come on . The fan did . I thought was toast was cooking until I looked at the oven and it was still cold . It did do a great job on pizza . If you 're wanting to cook toast , buy something else . Considering the cost , I expected it to last longer . I do n't recommend this item .
 I bought this getting a very good price but found like others have written the timer knob Sticks most of the time burning up anything you put inside like toast for example which defeats the purpose of a timer ! It just burned up 2 corn muffins I Placed in it placing the knob on light toast . I went into the other room to watch TV and smelled something burning ! I discovered the timer knob at OFF position but the Oven was still ON with the Light Lit . This is not the first time this has happened . If You just want this for baking and feel safe that this thing wo n't burn your house down go ahead and purchase it . I live alone with no kids so will continue to use it very carefully . My suggestion is not to purchase this regardless of the price . If It was n't for the Poorly designed & dangerous knob I would give this 4 or maybe even 5 . Beware . .
 YOU LISTED THE TO600 TOASTEROVEN AS HAVING 2 RACKS/BROIL PAN , COOKIE SHEET AND PIZZA PAN?I HAVE RECEIVED 4 REPLACEMENTS FROM YOU AND THEY ARE ALL THE SAME JUST ONE RACK AND ONE BAKE PAN ? IS THIS LACK OF COMMUNICATION WITH RIVAL AS TO WHAT YOU ARE RECEIVING ? AND SENDING OUT OR IS THIS FALSE ADVERTISING ?
 The short review
 this pan is extremely cheap . upon arrival , both the pan and cover were warped and `` crinkled '' in several places . i bent it back into shape with my bare hands -LRB- yes-it is that thin -RRB- and proceeded to wash it thoroughly before first use . i attempted to cook chicken but it quickly became covered with what looked like iron powder . i washed it again and had the same results . i decided to let it soak in hot soapy water and it promptly rusted out . this is the worst pan i have ever had the displeasure of using . i only leave reviews on lousy products to warn others , so you can believe this is a piece of junk . deserves zero stars or less .
 Hefty and attractive , this garlic press did its job for a few years until the handle simply broke off at its weakest point . Now it 's unusable .
 A garlic press should n't come with instructions , but for this - I wish I had one . Now , I 've never owned a garlic press . I 've seen enough on tv to know what one should look like . Never have I seen one that comes in two pieces . Why ? Why would you want to have the teeth as a separate piece ? If you ever loose it , you 're screwed . Also , instead of crushing garlic , it mashes garlic on one side and causes garlic bits to get stuck on the teeth . Save yourself the trouble and pass this one by .
 Same problems as all the others . The rods were not the same length or width , so they did not fit in correctly . This looked like the Leaning Tower of Pisa for many weeks . One night I came home and it had collapsed with all 200 + CDs , DVD 's , etc. . . into a sad pile on the floor . I can not believe they would actually sell this piece of garbage . I will never purchase another Atlantic product based on this experience . Save your time , effort , and money and buy something better than this .
 i put this thing together , finally , after an hour of struggle . the materials for this included
 I bought this for my dvds and these are the worst storage rack ever ! Do not buy this , stay away from this . The rods are super cheap and they are not all the same length and not even straight . It makes it almost impossible to put this together without being so unstable . Please take my opinion and save your money and buy something better that uses shelves rather than these cheap rods , you 'll be sorry .
 The product comes dis-assembled , and you need a hammer to put it together as it is a `` friction fit '' assembly . It is unstable on carpeted floors and needs to be attached to a wall to prevent it from swayinging and falling over . The horizontal CD shelves are made of wood dowels , which sag when filled to capacity . Also , there is no adequate mechanism to hold CDs in place if the shelf is only partially filled.Buying items on line is always a risk -- better to look at in the store and pay a little higher price !
 At least I only paid ten bucks on clearance . This thing 's of no value whatsoever . Assembly is nearly impossible unless you have ten hands , and once assembled it flops around for a while until quite literally falling apart -LRB- cascade of DVDs onto the cat -RRB- on its own when someone closes a door . I 'm going to try reworking its flawed design on the drill press just for fun , but if that does n't work it 's firewood.I have bought one of Atlantic 's shelf-based units and I 'm very happy with it ; it 's sturdy , capacious and attractive at a reasonable price . I 'm also probably going to give their `` Elf '' unit a try because I do like the idea of inclined storage and it has bolts to hold the dowels instead of silly shallow plastic cups.No matter how cheap this is , you 'll be saving money by buying something else .
 I thought I had gotten a good deal for a media tower that could hold my huge CD collection . Man was I wrong.The instructions that came with the unit are extremely non-helpful . It reads like someone took 2 minutes to write them.After re-reading them for 10 minutes to make sure I understood what to do , I attempted to assemble the tower.Fatal Problem
 this product did not come with all that was advertised !
 It may be constructed with spage age polymers and stainless steel but lets not kid ourselves the French are not very good at making knives . I was very disappointed with this mandoline . The knives are very difficult to insert and even more difficult to take out . Polymer blade holders being pushed into a polymer machine is a new concept and it does not work . Have a pair of pliers ready ... Worst of all is the design , because of the way the knife is set in the mandoline at a straight angle the food gets cut with only the center part of the knife NOT with the whole cutting edge like in mandolines that have diagonal or V shaped knives . -LRB- or even the way we cut food with a manual knife -RRB- What does that mean . . well first its harder to cut things , blades get duller in the middle and rather than cutting I guess you could compare it to chopping.The inclusion of the two blades to make french fries is a cruel joke on this machine unless you are Arnold S. and have steel fingers ... This machine needs some real German or Japanese blades and then a re-engineering of the product .
 I bought this a few years back and it ended up collecting dust . I figured I would get it as a better option for my food processor since I was tired of cleaning the whole thing after one or two carrots or one cucumber . You know for the smaller jobs.Unfortuanley because of the design this is n't much better for the smaller jobs , use a knife . The juline features do work but you have to break them apart by hand . Has a heck of a time with carrots and the food pusher is in adequate . You 'll get spikemarks skidded down your food item . It does n't grip to well . To do the tomatoes you practically have to squish them.If you do n't use the pusher then it performs a shade better -LRB- you ca n't use the pusher and do waffle cuts BTW -RRB- but fingers beware . I bought a spectra glove to wear on those occassions . Just in case.You end up wasting a lot of food too because of the height between the pusher and the rails , you ca n't shave below that -LRB- unless you risk your fingers -RRB- . The one thing it has done well and why I keep it around is slicking up apple rings for the deytradtor to make apple chips . Its perfect for that.I suppose its `` proffessional '' in that if you do n't mind discarding 1/3 to 1/4 of your foodstock and you have a LOT of stuff to slice this would be ok . But for the average house kitchen its not really what you desire.BTW if you want small juliene stuff OXO Good grips makes a little device the that looks like a potato peeler with juliene blades on it . Works much better for home use .
 I was very disappointed with this product and am returning it as it certainly did n't meet my expectations of a `` professional '' tool . When I attempted to use the serrated side of the blade , I ended up being unable to do so with carrots as it just would n't slice through them with any kind of even results . When using the julienne attachment , I had to go back and break apart each slice as it did n't slice through the entire vegetable -LRB- I was using the guard -RRB- . I also found that the support leg was very quick to collapse . It would be nice if it locked into the open position .
 My first mandoline was a V Slicer , which I was very happy with . I bought the Matfer because I liked the stand , which was my only complaint with the V Slicer . I found the blade to be extremely dull from the start . It tears apart everything from tomatoes to onions . You can get the V Slicer for about $ 30.00 so do n't waste your money on the Matfer !
 Be very very careful when using this thing -- I was and still ended up with 8 stitches holding one of my knuckles on . The pusher -LRB- which I was using at the time -RRB- can move around on you so watch out !! My mandoline went in the garbage promptly and I 'm back to using a food processor.Besides , I never could get the julienne blades to work properly as they did not fit correctly into the slicer . Bad design plus bad workmanship .
 Having owned an inexpensive V-slicer that worked very well , I expected great results from the Matfer . I was sorely disappointed . When I tried to dice onions , the blades seemed incapable of cutting through soft foods , such as onions . When I tried to cut potatoes into fries , the amount of force necessary to get the potato through made me afraid I would slip and cut my hand on the inadequate guards . Additionally , hard foods such as potatoes or carrots inevitably had the tail end break off rather then being sliced . Finally , the blades cut to inconsistent thickness resulting in non-uniform thickness slices and waffle cuts that did n't waffle evenly . Construction seemed adequate and I did not have any problem getting the blades in and out , but the overall performance was poor .
 I used one of the cheaper plastic mandolines for years and while it worked well , I thought this more expensive one would be superior . I bought it and after two weeks have given it away to the Salvation Army . It is a terrible product
 After 30 days of use
 I purchased this item based on the really positive reviews on Amazon . This might be the first time those reviews let me down . Maybe I missed something , but I used this spatula to flip mushrooms browning in a stainless steel skillet . It flipped them beautifully . But the spatula melted on its backside . Perhaps it 's only useful on non-stick pans ?
 I bought several of these for Christmas stocking stuffers . Particularly , I thought that my absent-minded professor son-in-law would appreciate the high heat aspect . I kept one for myself . I like the shape . However , the end of the utensil sears just like every other teflon type utensil . And , this is without any abuse , such as leaving the end of it in a pan . Each time that I wash it , I end up taking my fingernail along the edge to scrape off the frayed material.I would have rated this higher because of the handy shape . However , the product description of withstanding high heat is a big disappointment to me .
 Ordered this spatula because I was looking for a heat resistant spatula that would not scratch my cookware.Upon receiving this item it is rather badly molded and has a lot of flashing around the edges causing it to be sharp and uneven and therefore not good for turning delicate items like crepes.Not happy with the product and even remotely decent quality control should have found the one I received to be defective .
 I forget where I heard good things about this , but it did n't deliver like I hoped . The end got that melted plastic appearance that happens with so many , and even as new it had flash lines from the mold , or so it seemed . Sticking with Oxo 's silicone 600 degree safe spatulas for now .
 I received this sometime early October and I LOVE IT - pancakes , fish , stir fry , just love it - went to use it today and see a string on the end of it - closer examination and it looks likethis item is `` coated '' with a material that is now peeling right off - like a snake skin . I gave it two stars because I do n't know what this material is and some has come off in my food . I contactedAmazon and they are sending a new one because I do love the spatula and want to try again - hoping I just got a bad one . Quality control should be alerted to this , it is made in France .
 I ordered this spatula based upon the positive reviews it received , coupled with my need for a non-stick safe utensil suitable for a smaller pan . What I got was a cheap plastic turner that is virtually indistinguishable from any number of other MUCH cheaper plastic turners carried by the discount stores . How America 's Test Kitchen designated this a category winner is beyond me , though I 'll give them the benefit of doubt and assume that when priced under $ 5 * it was no worse than others in the comparison and won on low price alone . Let no one convince you that this is anything other than a cheap drugstore utensil and it certainly does not possess any magical `` french gourmet '' qualities . All those positive reviews surely were written by the same folks that are convinced the emperor really is wearing magical garments ** . While I have to admit that this spatula is not particularly any worse than others in the $ 2 or $ 3 range , I 've also got to mention the absurdity of charging $ 12 for a product that is no better made than a plastic picnic fork . The product arrived in a cardboard sleeve replete with french slogans and assurances of authenticity . It also was replete with mold flashing and needed a fair amount of owner finishing to render it safe to cook with . The blade front is not formed particularly well and tends to stick to items like fried eggs when one tries to separate 2 or 3 prior to turning to the second side . Additionally , the shaft is noticeably not up to the task of lifting heavier items such as chops , small filets , or fish , either for turning or for removing to plate . I 'm not sure exactly what it 's made of but whatever qualities the designers were looking for -LRB- other than possibly high heat resistance -RRB- clearly were n't met.It 's very possible that there just is n't any perfect tool when it comes to these sorts of utensils as I do n't have a specific recommendation for a better performer . Silicon tools tend to be too thick to comfortably slip under fragile foods such as eggs and fish ; nylon has a very low melt temperature leading to early demise ; and the harder plastics tend to scratch teflon and other non stick surfaces . All I can assure you is that this tool by Pelton is no panacea and is seriously overpriced for what it is . * Yes , the original selling price was a little under $ 5 . ** I like ATK as much as the next person , but the more I look into the products they recommend , the more I 'm convinced there 's a crazed bunch of ATK groupies that see a review and then stampede to amazon to be the first to promote the product . It 's ridiculous ; most of these reviews are authored within days of the ATK recommendation -LRB- including the subsequent re-telecasts -RRB- and these culinary ditto-heads are offering up testimonials of how well these things hold up and how utterly perfect they are . Take ATK 5 star reviews with a large grain of sea salt .
 The `` Product Features '' for this spatula tout it as being `` Heat resistant up to 430F degrees fahrenheit '' and the `` Amazon.com Review '' says it 's made to stand up to `` extra-high heat '' and that you need n't worry if you leave it leaning against a hot pan because `` it wo n't melt . '' In fact , upon my first or second use of this product , it melted . I did n't even leave it leaning against a hot pan , or use it with `` extra-high heat , '' as far as I can tell . I was simply using it to flip salmon fillets in a hot skillet , and the mere act of making contact with the skillet for a few split seconds to scoop the spatula under the fillets caused the front edge of the spatula to melt . So , ca n't really heartily recommend this for most skillet cooking occasions .
 I did n't find anything special about this spatula.I bought it thinking that it is different than the metal one that I am using.It works the same way as my old metal one.I regretted ordering it especially because of the expensive shipping .
 I have used this a total of 5 times and the front edge is already melting . Note i never leave it in the pan . its only time in the pan is while i am stirring , flipping or scooping things out . This is also only hand washed .
 I bought this some months ago based on the many positive reviews this product received . However , I have found it to be no better than the two or three Brand X spatulas that I already have ; ones that cost a dollar or two . Another thing , be careful not to rest this against a not pan for long or else it will be permanently marred . All in all , I 'm disappointed with this item .
 This is a flimsy , over-priced spatula that is too narrow and right-handed . Wish I had n't bought it and am having a hard time finding anything better .
 Flimsy & cheap . It 's not worth the time to click on &#34; Buy it now &#34; . Do not waste your time or money
 For a patient recovering from heart surgery , the pillow is too difficult to get `` into '' , meaning they can not pull themselves up to get against the pillow .
 Yes , these are lovely glasses ... BUT . The big bowl certainly develops the wine 's nose , but my own nose presses against the rim -LRB- only 2.25 inches in diamter -RRB- when I sip , so much of the pleasure is lost . And the stem provides only about an inch of clearance between bowl and foot which makes for very awkward handling . Seemed like a bargain , but mine are about to be returned to Amazon .
 Riedel 's water glass and gourmet glass are both made in France of glass -LRB- not crystal -RRB- . The stem 's too short for wine in my opinion , but you could always use them for water . The water glasses are more suitable , though , as they have a wider mouth .
 Put a meatloaf in the oven @ 350 degrees . -LCB- I 'm an experienced cook for over 40 years and have used pyrex baking dishes more times than I could possibly remember . -RCB- Dish ... room temp ... ingredients from refrig. , but not frozen ... in the oven about 6 minutes when I heard an explosion , and the dish had exploded into hundreds of pieces . Thankfully the oven was closed . Should add that this is my most recent pyrex dish that I purchased within the last year ... well I guess we 're doing take-out !
 Well Im the newest victim of exploding pyrex . Last night I was cooking some salmon in my 3-quart pyrex that I 've had for 3 years and used many times before . It was in my oven at 400 for only 25 minutes . I pulled it out and set it on the counter . Well I leaned in to check the salmon and as I pulled away the glass exploded ! Not just broke but a full on explosion of glass flying everywhere . Thankfully I pulled away when I did because if I had pulled away 2 seconds later I would have had a face full of Pyrex shrapnel . I came away with only a few small cuts on my stomach ... and from what I 've heard I was lucky . Even though my boyfriend and I swept and vacumed our kitchen last night there was so much glass that in the morning light I could still see little pieces of glass all over the kitchen . Im not taking any chances , Im throwing out my other Pyrex dishes and switching to all aluminum trays . Please DO NOT USE PYREX ! It is not worth the risk ! You may have a few years of good use , but is it worth risking your safety or that of your children?Edit - I would just like to comment that I was using the dish within the guidelines . The oven was 400 and the dish was only in there for 25 minutes . The kitchen was rather warm and the surface I set it on was not hot but definately not cool ... so there was no drastic temperature change . There were no scratches or cuts any where on the tray so I do not feel that the explosion was in anyway my fault . This explosion was purely the result of a poorly manufactured item .
 We used an oblong Pyrex baking dish for a tri-tip beef roast with potatoes , and had taken it out of the oven and placed it on the stove top . It immediately exploded and sent glass and shards flying everywhere in the room and also down through the gas burners into the oven . Very frightening , fortunately no one hurt . Very difficult to clean up with any confidence that we got all the shards . We have used this pan for years and do n't know what went wrong . The oven temperature had been prewarmed to 475 , the pan inserted and then lowered to 450 for ten minutes . Maybe Pyrex works well with lower temperatures , I do n't know . However , I will never bake with Pyrex again .
 I have used Pyrex bakeware for over 20 years , and I was shocked when my fairly new 9x13 pan shattered . I figured I just got unlucky and got a bad one . I was going to buy a new one - thank goodness I read the reviews first ! And yes , I did follow instructions - I baked my lasagne at 350 degrees , did not use an open flame or broiler , etc etc. . I ca n't believe this safety hazard is still allowed to be sold ! I am so mad ! I am switching to Corningware now .
 When trying to battle through a difficult day a man such as myself will try to remain positive by employing any number of tricks . Often , I 'll dream of a pleasant evening spent playing with my children and watching a ballgame . One surefire pick-me-up is looking forward to the wonderful meal my wonderful wife is sure to prepare . Today promised to be even more spectacular for broiled salmon was the intended culinary delight . Just as my wife leaned toward the oven with the buttery aroma of satisfaction swirling around her my evening , my day , possibly my week took a sharp nose dive towards the depths of hell . The PYREX vessel supposedly escorting my meal to palatal bliss exploded within the confines of the oven and very near to my beloved 's face . The miraculous avoidance of severe and possibly permanent injury was the only outcome that served to assuage my despair . Please , do not let a piece of cheap glass destroy your oven , maim your wife , and spoil your delicious meal . Life is difficult enough .
 I have been a chef now for seven years and have not ever had a problem with pyrex . Until now . Last night while roasting some potatoes in a 400F oven , my pyrex dish exploded . It rained glass all over the inside of my oven . It was a disaster . I am just thankful that nothing happened to me or my two year old who was in the room at that time . This sounds like a REAL PROBLEM !
 My Pyrex 8x8 inch square cake pan shattered just ten minutes after putting the -LRB- room-temperature -RRB- dish into a hot oven . It broke into large and small pieces , and hundreds of little glass shards as well . No more pyrex for us !
 I had a set of pyrex bakeware given to me as a wedding gift September ' 04 . The 4X4 '' pan exploded on me one of the first few times I used it . It had come directly out of an unmarred box , brand new , so I highly doubt that it was a handling issue . I 'm a Ph.D. chemist so I know what to avoid when using pyrex , extreme temp change causes thermal stress etc. . . if there was a nick or scratch in it I would n't have been baking with it . I was not badly injured , but I see from doing a quick internet search -LRB- that landed me here -RRB- that some people have not been so lucky . Just be careful if you are using new pyrex bakeware . The sudden increase in complaints tells me that it could be a manufacturing issue .
 This morning I was awoken by a loud shattering noise followed by my fiance screaming . She had been cooking something in this dish in the oven , then when she took it out it had exploded in her hands showering her with very hot food and glass . She sustained severe burns and several lacerations . Doing a quick google search for pyrex explosions finds * several * results with similar complaints . I would recommend avoiding this if you dislike burns and glass shrapnel .
 My wife and I recently had a 13x9 Pyrex dish explode in the oven . The fire department came because the remnants of the dish caught on fire when the oil in the pan dripped into the pilot light beneath the oven . A simple web search afterwards revealed literally hundreds -LRB- yes , hundreds -RRB- of complaints about exploding Pyrex dishes . Consumer Affairs has been reporting the danger for years . Do n't buy Pyrex .
 yup this did happen to me tonight ! i 've had this dish for months and ive even put it under the broiler ! but today i guess it was really cold out . i read online that the dish can explode from thermal shock ! i emailed pyrex to let them know . but i doubt they will do anything . i think the new pyrex dishes are made differently than the vintage ones ! i love the old ones !
 Who 's going to pay for the big burn marks all over my new wood floor from the exploding Pyrex pan ? Yep , explosion , same as everyone else . Thankfully , my nine year old was not helping me make the lasagna as she often does . Then she could have easily lost an eye as it shattered into thousands of pieces , flying through the air . This product should be pulled and no longer sold . I am so furious . No , I was n't doing anything wrong either except take it out of the oven and put it on the counter to cool . Do not buy this product unless you are willing to take a major risk to yoru health .
 Do n't buy it ! My husband took my pork roast out of a 425 degree oven and set it on top of a warm stove top . It exploded , sending glass everywhere . Thankfully , my daughter was not in the room . I 'm throwing all my pyrex out .
 I had a terrible experience last night -- a recently purchased 13x9 inch Pyrex glass roasting pan exploded after I took it out of the oven and set it on a pre-heated electric burner . Glass and food everywhere . I was fortunate , however -- no glass on me , and only a few minor cuts.I know that these pans are not supposed to be used on the stovetop , but I never expected that they could EXPLODE . Seriously -- there was glass 4-5 feet from the stove.Nearly all of my baking dishes , casseroles & pie pans are Pyrex . Some are over twenty years old . I have loved using Pyrex , and it was always my first choice for bakeware . But after this VERY frightening experience , I absolutely can not recommend that ANYONE purchase the newer Pyrex glass bakeware , which is no longer made by Corning.If I could give it ZERO STARS , I would ...
 Mine could be Anchor-Hocking , but there 's no telling now . It splattered everything all over the oven , and now I have fish oozing onto the bottom of the stove . We need to move back to the old glass formula that they still use in Europe .
 BE VERY CAREFUL WHEN USING THIS PRODUCT !! I HAD A SET OF 3 BAKING PIECES AND EVERYONE OF THEM SHATTERED AFTER I TOOK THEM OUT OF THE OVEN ! THANKFULLY NONE OF MY KIDS WERE IN THE KITCHEN WHEN IT HAPPENED . IT MIGHT BE SAFER FOR THE MICROWAVE , HAVE N'T TRIED IT . PROBABLY BEST IF USED FOR SERVING PIECE ONLY . WROTE TO THE COMPANY BUT NO RESPONSE YET .
 DO N'T BUY PYREX !!!! pyrex has a tendancy to EXPLODE for NO REASON ! I worked for World Kitchen -LRB- owns Pyrex -RRB- and got tons of cases where pyrex exploded for no good reason . preheated ovens with no significante temp change ... normal use and care and it EXPLODES !!! DON `` T USE !!!
 The price and material does not reasonable . This product is over price in my though . You should make the lower price or make the better material for this product .
 I used the exact amount of cake batter that the instructions said to use . However , one side -LRB- which would be the top when baking -RRB- did not fully mold . I had to build up the sides with icing to make it look right .
 I used this for my sons 1st bday party and it turned out ok but the pan I got was bent so I had 2 trim the duck some especially n the beak area . I even cooked 2 ducks thinkin I had done it wrong the 1st time but when that duck did n't turn out I realized it was the pan .
 I did n't purchase this particular item , however I do purchase theEgyptian Goddess oil ! My favorite ! I mix a little in withmy daily lotion and use it all over ! Great refreshing , earthy smell .
 They are huge , and this is not indicated in the product description . Buy them if you want gigantic wine glasses . I am returning mine !
 Just a heads up ... I bought these glasses through Amazon 's `` Gold Box '' and thought I was getting a terrific deal . Then , to my dismay , in a Williams and Sonoma catalog I saw a set of the exact same glasses for $ 50 -- not a sale price -LRB- Williams and Sonoma NOT being known for their discount prices -RRB- . So , I guess the buyer must truly beware .
 Sorry , but I beg to differ with the majority view . In my view , this glass is terrible.I have a very substantial cellar , devoted in large part to red and white Burgundies -LRB- and a bit of Oregon pinot noir -RRB- , which you might gather from my moniker . I also have many dozens of wine and spirits glasses , most all from Riedel . The Riedel red Burgundy Sommelier glass is the reference standard -- beautiful to look at , and an incredible complement to pinot noir . Wine sings in that glass , but it is huge -LRB- the bowl will hold a full bottle of wine , although it should be filled with no more than a few ounces at a time -RRB- , expensive and easily broken.I bought a set of Riedel Vinum pinot glasses years ago hoping that would provide an alternative for everyday drinking and to tote to restaurants , where I usually bring my own wine and also my own glassware , as most restaurant glassware is worthless -LRB- as are most restaurant wine lists -RRB- . I tried the Vinum pinot glass a few times and soon gave the dozen I had bought away . These glasses are simply brutal to almost any wine poured into them -- oddly enough , particularly brutal to pinot noir ; and particularly Oregon and other domestic pinot noir . The glass seems to accentuate the earthy , weedy and vegetal notes in almost any wine , along with the alcohol , while depressing the sensation of fruitiness . The result , particularly for pinot -- blech!THERE IS AN ALTERNATIVE ! Riedel developed a Vinum glass for the International Pinot Noir Celebration , held in McMinnville each year . The new glass , dubbed the Oregon pinot glass , is a scaled down version of the beautiful flared tulip shape of the Sommelier red Burgundy glass , and it is a wonderful glass . With its smaller bowl , it does wonders for young pinot , regardless of the appellation . I 've come to use it as my general purpose glass , because it is easier to tote to tastings and restaurants than the Sommeliers and works well with virtually any wine , including reds and whites.I strongly counsel against the older model Vinum pinot glass -- wait for Riedel to market the Vinum Oregon pinot glass at retail , which I understand will happen later in December 2007 . That glass fulfills the broken promise of the old Vinum pinot noir glass reviewed here.UPDATE
 Apparently the pyrex that is being made today is not as good as it used to be . I had this pan actually explode into a million pieces -LRB- large dagger-like shards , tiny chunks like a broken windshield , and powdered glass everywhere -RRB- while baking clams in a preheated oven . the pan was right out the cabinet at room temp . there were no extreme temperature changes at all . If you google `` pyrex explosion '' you 'll see this is a common occurrence . I 'll never use pyrex again , unless i can find the ones they make in the UK which i 've read are made using the old tempering process ... sad because we 've used pyrex in my family forever .
 have used this Pyrex rectangular baking dish in oven for about 3 years . Last night I placed it on the top oven shelf , near to the electric heating coil , -LRB- but NOT in contact with the heating coil -RRB- and turned oven on at Maximum Broil temperature -- as recipe required . I heard a loud noise from the oven , and found that the pyrex glass pan had SPLIT right through the middle . If it cant take such high temperatures for brief broiling times , the manufacturer should provide WARNINGS about that . Real mess cleaning up the oil and fish that was in the dish .
 One side of this empty dish was on a hot back burner so I picked it up on the cool side , since it does not conduct heat obviously , and brought it over to the sink for a rinse and it just EXPLODED into a couple hundred pieces before I could reach the sink . Shards of glass went everywhere . It kinda breaks like safety glass in an auto windshield , but there were also larger shards . Cut my hand a little bit . Some of the hot shards even melted my vinyl floor which clued me in that the other side was hot . Why dont they design one that will turn a shade of color when heated ? Other that the explosion hazard it is a good dish to use for baking and is easy to clean . I wonder if Pyrex will redo my ruined vinyl floor ?
 I always thought that Pyrex was very durable and able to withstand large temperature fluctuations -- which is why I 've historically gone out of my way to purchase this brand . I 've just had my 4.8 quart oblong Pyrex baking dish explode in the oven , and a quick Google search will reveal to you that this is not uncommon . Be careful !
 My garlic-lime chicken would have been good , if my Pyrex Baking Dish had n't spontaneously combusted . Hundreds of super sharp , hot pieces of glass really suck to clean up . Do yourself and your family a favor , and DO NOT BUY THIS !!! It 's just too dangerous to use .
 In case you have n't read the January issue of Consumer Reports yet , let me summarize
 This worked well for two years . A couple of days ago , it exploded . Hot glass was flying everywhere . I was standing by the stove and I had to run away . Truly . This does n't just crack , it explodes . So glad I can still move fast , and I was n't sticking my nose in my newly cooked roast , while trying to inhale the aroma . I loss the pan and the expensive beef roast I was cooking . Yes , I had to trash my dinner . Disgusting , but I was n't injured . Large and tiny shards of glass were all over my stove and the floor ... even behind the stove . Hot glass was imbedded in my synthetic fiber kitchen rug . This stuff is potentially dangerous . I followed the safe usage instructions . Glass is supposed to be able to well tolerate high oven temps , but I would not recommend using this Pyrex over 350 degrees.I believe the integrity of the glass changes over time . I also believe the Pyrex products are made with a different type of glass , today . I have a Pyrex pie pan that is 17 years old and still going strong . The experience was frightening . I did contact the company and told them what happened . They offered a replacement . I told them to keep it . I do n't want anymore Pyrex . I thought this would be a healthier alternative to non stick cooking , but I 'm getting ready to place an order for a large , rectangular , nonstick pan ... today!UPDATE ; On another reviewer 's suggestion , I ordered an Arcusine glass baking dish . It 's made from the more heat resistant , silicate compound that Pyrex previously used . It 's substantially smaller than my Pyrex that exploded and it cost twice as much ... 35 dollars ; however the Arcusine is very sturdy . Placing it next to Pyrex , the difference is immediately seen and felt.Marinex is a company out of Brazil that makes glass bakewear using the silicate compound , too . Amazon sells their products . Their bakeware is much more reasonably priced , than the Arcusine . They have many products to choose from ... they even sell a glass pizza pan -LRB- glass will produce a crisper crust -RRB- . Marinex bakewear can tolerate oven temps to 300 degrees celsius ... that over 500 degrees fairenhent . The Arcusine is expensive and their selections are limited . Arcusine and Marinex can tolerate sudden temperature changes.On another note , I did order a nonstick bake pan by Ovenstuff . If you ever find the need for nonstick , Ovenstuff is weighty and the finish is excellently adhered ... with proper care it will definitely resist scratching . It does not peel or flake off .
 There 's no question that the glass pans made in the U.S. today are not your grandmother 's Pyrex.The original Corning Inc. pans , invented in 1915 , were made from a particularly strong material , borosilicate glass . Virtually all glass bakeware sold in the U.S. since the 1980s is now made of a different material , soda lime silicate glass , said Daniel Collins , a Corning spokesman.Company officials say that soda lime silicate glass is better able to withstand impact if banged or dropped and that it is better for the environment . Ceramics experts also note that it 's cheaper than borosilicate glass .
 I 've had this product for a few years now . Just tonight I used it to put a ham steak under the boiler . I let it broil for 7 minutes and then was going to take it out to flip it . The minute I started to take it out of the oven , it exploded in my hands . My knuckle has a deep gash and is severely bruised - I 'm still unsure as to whether there 's glass in there or not . There was glass 8 feet away from the stove . There was no cool liquids being put into the pan , nor was the glass cold when I put it in there -LRB- it was room temperature -RRB- . I 'm just glad that neither of my kids were in the room when it happened .
 This is so big , I didnt realize just how huge it was . It does not fit in my cupboard . Seems like its for when you double a recipe . I wanted to return it but it would cost $ 9 which is more than half of what I paid for it so its not worth it :--LRB- i recommend to by anchors , its cheaper , comes with a lid , and is meant for a single recipe -LRB- not double -RRB-
 My new -LRB- 6 month old -RRB- pyrex broke violently shortly after it was taken out of the oven and set on the oven to cool . None of the stove top burners were on or had been on for hours , and ut was NOT on a burner which vents heat from the oven . All the dish contained was bread pudding , and it certainly had n't been roasting under the broiler . The glass shards were numerous , large , sharp , very hot , and flew everywhere , with an enormously loud breaking sound , so whether or not you want to call that an explosion , I 'm very glad I was n't in the room . I 've been cooking with pyrex my whole life and never had a problem with it before , so I 'm loth to give it a bad review , but it was a pretty scary experience .
 In case you have n't read the January issue of Consumer Reports yet , let me summarize
 My relatively new Pyrex baking dish just exploded violently when I took it out of the oven and placed it on top of the range -LRB- which was at room temperature . -RRB- There was glass everywhere and I feel quite fortunate not to have been injured . Apparently the composition of the glass has been changed in the last few years . If you are going to use one of these dishes please keep children and pets out of the kitchen !
 I HAD TO PLACE THIS REVIEW AS A SAFETY WARNING TO OTHERS
 I would not recommend this product to anybody . I had the dish shatter on me when I took it out of the oven and placed it on top of the stove to cool . I was lucky that it did not shatter immedeatly or I would have has some nasty burns.Pyrex tries to CYA by having warning labels on the packaging . This is BS because this stuff gets thrwon away the first time you use it . The problem of the glass shattering would not be an issue if it were under conditions that a reasonably prudent person whould expect it to break . The hazard is that it will shatter under conditions that the normal person whould expect to be safe.I am never buying a Pyrex product again . From now on only metal and _ real _ borosilicate glass goes in my oven .
 Having just had an incident where a Pyrex glass baking pan exploded in my oven , I 'm wondering ... is n't this also made of glass ? If so , I 'd advise that everyone avoid it like the plague ! Pyrex glass bakeware DOES explode and I 'd hate to hear that anyone bought any and had to go through this kind of horrifying experience like I had . I threw out out my other glass cooking saucepans also and I 'm going to avoid both Pyrex and Anchor Hocking ... both have many complaints about their glass bakeware or pans . From now on , it 's metal only for me on cooking !
 i put in borosilicate glass in my search options and pyrex glass came up . It is NOT borosilicate glass , but rather soda glass and has become a safety issue because of its propensity to break and shatter . Be very wary of pyrex and anchor-hocking products because they are not the safety glass of yore . I was specifically looking for European made dishes of borosilicate glass to replace my pyrex ones .
 We should have learned the first time ! We had one of these large pyrex pans explode on us last year and thought it was a fluke . Nope , it 's serious problem with the large pyrex pans . Our second one exploded yesterday and left shards of glass EVERYWHERE . Steer clear of this pan - the smaller pans do n't seem to be a problem though .
 This is the cheapest piece of junk iron I have ever used in my life . It doesnt even get hot enough to get out wrinkles , it is now spitting out brown slug and it leaks water all over your clothes if you try to use the steam . The mister on front sprays everything but the clothes and if you turn the steam on full power , nothing comes out . This thing isnt even worth five bucks let alone the twenty that amazon has it for . COMPLETE GARBAGE .
 How can I review something that I have never ordered or received . They do look like they would be a nice set to have as I do a lot of baking .
 Amazingly , after the second use , while washing this glass with a soft sponge , a large piece of the side of the glass came apart in my hand , like soggy toilet paper ! It was not dropped or mishandled in any way , just broke off as though it followed a perforated line . Since I used it for a special occasion , this happended after Amazon 's warranty period expired . I wrote to Riedel , confident they would stand by their quality but , astonishingly , they wrote back and said they do not allow customers to return product , and only warrant their stemware for two weeks , when returned by the vendor . Two weeks !! If the manufacturer has such little faith in the life expectancy of their product I wonder why any consumer should expect to feel any different ? Buyer beware !!
 My wife likes these glasses , but I think they are way too fragile . Be very careful with these glasses . The stems just do n't break when you wash them ; they can break while you are holding them full of wine . It has happened to me and my guests several times . Last night I was holding one full of red wine . The bowl broke off the stem , sending red wine all over my brand new leather couch . No amount of cool design is worth the poor workmanship that I have experienced with the Vinum line of glasses . The designer of this stemware should be ashamed of himself .
 I just received my set . The glasses are so ... beautiful ! Yet , 5 out of 6 are defective !! What a big disappointment ! I have been looking forward to receiving my first Riedel ... Amazon.com provides great deal which I got $ 80 for 6 glasses , but they were obviously factory seconds ! So disappointed ! However , the design of the glass are beautiful !! I am still returning them ! So sad ! ... : -LRB-
 I bought my Pyrex in 2005 . Until tonight 's dinner , there were no problems . 10 minutes after placing the -LRB- room-temperature -RRB- Pyrex in the oven , my husband heard an explosion . It had shattered into large pieces , smaller pieces , and hundreds of shards . After researching it on Amazon , we learned that Pyrex made after 1998 is actually manufactured by a different company and the manufacturing standards are not as good . Beware !
 They are shipping the `` grip-rite '' version , which has larger grip handles on either side , and is NOT the product that is pictured . I specifically needed the small handles so that the dish would fit into a square water bath that I use . There is another listing for the grip-rite versionPyrex Grip-Rite 8-Inch Square Baking Dish , Clear , which is what I received , for $ 4 less than this listing . Very disappointing .
 I baked a small batch of brownies at 350 degrees for 25 minutes and then took it out of the oven . * AS * I was walking past the dish it exploded through out my entire kitchen . My counter , floor and feet were covered in hot glass . I 'm thankful my children were not in the kitchen at that time since they were excited to have brownies for dessert and had JUST left the room . I gave this a one star rating , I would go lower if I could . It 's not trustworthy and makes me VERY wary of using ANY dish made by this company . As a matter of fact , I will never buy from them again .
 I have used Pyrex for years and always thought these dishes were pretty durable . Today I bought a new one , filled it with cake mix at room temperature , and placed it in a 350 degree oven . It exploded about 15 minutes later , leaving shards of glass everywhere in a major league mess . After a Google search , I was shocked to find that there are numerous reports about exploding Pyrex . Apparently the official explanation has something to do with thermal shock , but why would you sell a dish for baking if it 's subject to thermal shock ? I 'm swearing off the product and feel I must warn others .
 The photo shows a square Pyrex dish with small handles , which is why I bought this product . I was looking to replace an old dish for which I already had a lid . Needless to say , it came and the lid did n't fit . The handles are much larger -LRB- comfort grip , I suppose -RRB- so I sent it back . I 'll have to purchase from another vendor . PLEASE UPDATE YOUR PHOTOS !
 I paid almost $ 5 more for this pan because the picture looked like it was n't the GripRight pan . What I received definitely looks more like the GripRite . From experience I have learned it 's the handles that are very difficult to get clean and they can make storage a hassle , so I wanted the smaller handles . I fell like I wasted more than $ 4 bucks .
 The item pictured has small handles , which was what I wanted in order to replace an older pan that had broken , but for which I still have the plastic airtight lid . The item which ARRIVED is the oversize handle version , which does not fit with my lid . Now I have to return the item and find an appropriate replacement ... again . Please update your picture of the item !!!
 I just picked up eight of these -LRB- Riedel 416/60 -RRB- and found them to be the least well made Riedel Vinum glasses I 've seen . Four of the eight stems had clearly visible casting lines down into the foot , and you could feel the ridge on all but one or two of the glasses.I am also not fond of the large logo spelling out RIEDEL on the bottom of the glass . I did n't even like the smaller initials they used to use . I want to think about what I 'm drinking ; I do n't need to be reminded who made the stemware.Like the other Riedel glasses , the port glasses are extremely well balanced . For a glass so short with such a relatively large bowl , a thick , heavy foot is required for balance compared to the other glasses , which get away with relatively thin and light feet due to the leverage of longer stems and wider feet . Like their prestige cuvee champagne glasses , Riedel 's port glasses are heavy , which feels nice in the hand , like good silver.The Riedel port glasses are the preferred shape for port , and can be used for other port-like drinks such as Banyuls -LRB- which is a relatively inexpensive , long-lived , grenache-noir-based fortified wine that 's worth seeking out , especially for pairing with chocolate -RRB- . I also use the port glasses for dessert wines of all kinds . This matches what I see in restaurants worldwide and works well for me , even if Riedel has a series of other recommendations for various dessert wines . Riedel 's least expensive line of glassware labels this shape simply as `` spirits '' , so it 's not a stretch to put them into service for whisky , cognac , etc.Like all other heavy lead content crystal -LRB- 24 % here -RRB- , be very careful washing them . Scratchy sponges , abrasive cleaner , grit in the sink , etc. , will leave marks .
 These are NOT Riedel crystal ! After I returned them , I told Amazon that that need to update the description . If you read the fine print , it does say `` Manufactured to exact specifications of Riedel , Austria '' . They are made by some other company , not in Austria , and the quality is very , very low . You get what you pay for .
 Ok , so Riedel Vinum Port Glasses are in fact beautiful , I certainly do n't dispute that . When I saw them in the store I thought , `` that 's exactly what I 'm looking for . '' $ 21 a piece -LRB- $ 85 for six or whatever it is -RRB- , a little steep but I 'll bite the bullet and get 'em . Then I picked them up . Why would someone design such a beautiful glass -LRB- or anything for that matter -RRB- and insist on putting their name on it . Tacky . I do n't advertise at my dinner table . As a professionally trained chef I recommend going for the official port glass , authorized by the IVP - Instituto do Vinho do Porto and designed by world acclaimed Portuguese architect Siza Vieira . < $ 37 . I believe they ship from Europe so it may take a few to get them here in the states ... mine are on the way .
 Thermometer reads ok , handle does n't hold on , tends to fall off , unit is too small to hold without handle attacted .
 I am surprised by how cheaply this thermometer is made for a price of $ 19 . It does not appear to work correctly for the first time . The lights kept indicating an `` error '' on initial use . I opened the back cover , removed and replaced the battery with the same one , and still get multiple readings and an `` error '' message . The battery appears to have power and to work fine . The unit also seemed not to turn off until I realized that you must hold the ON/Off button down for 5 seconds or longer to turn off the unit . I tried to get a reading for grilled steaks and also ice water . It took well over 30 seconds to get a reading that seemed in the ballpark but the temp never held steady and the accuracy was highly questionable . To get a replacement through the warranty the product must be mailed to Mexico -LRB- there is no money-back policy -RRB- . I would not recommend . I literally bought this based on the customer reviews I read on this site and I am surprised and disappointed . Maybe this one is just a dud .
 Would not even turn on when it arrived
 We were very disappointed after opening it to find that it would not turn on .
 Just opened the package and used the thermometer . Probe is about 2 or 3 inches too short . If I were to use this on my BBQ I would get burned . Secondly , display is to pale , hard to see . Older folks with less than 20-20 eyesighjt ca n't use this . I also bought one for my mother-in-law , I wo n't give it to here , she wo n't be able to see the display . Color is way too red.My thoughts
 There are a million cheap thermometers out there and this is one . But what do you expect for $ 19 ? Here 's the thing . If you are paying $ 19 for a thermometer you are not a serious cook , you just are n't . You may be a good cook , do n't get me wrong , but it is likely not a passion . This will be fine -LRB- if it turns on -RRB- you will never know the actual temp , but you will be `` close enough '' . If you are a serious cook , you would n't have purchased this thermometer since you know that thermometers are more instruments than tools . They need to be cared for and , well , paid for . You can easily pay $ 25 to $ 100 for a decent to good thermometer . And if you do n't ... you get what you pay for .
 I ordered a Taylor Instant Digital Thermometer code 806 . But I was sent the 806E-4L which is cheaper and is not instant on . Not only was it not the item I ordered , but the price -- nearly $ 3.00 less -- was not refunded . I paid the price for the unit I ordered but which I did not receive .
 I sent this to my daughter-in-law as a gift . It worked one time and quit . We were not able to do anything to make it work after that . Requests sent to Taylor customer service got no response .
 I used this for about a year before it went belly up . When it worked it was OK.First problem was with the handle . You are supposed to use the cover as a handle extension . The seam of the cover had a hairline fracture in it so the thermometer tended to fall out into the BBQ if I tried to use it that way.Periodically the electronics would just go on the fritz . It would read in Celsius and there was no way to go back to Fahrenheit short of removing the battery.After a year it died and I tossed it . I 'll pickup up something different next time .
 Just got the `` Weekend Warrior '' and used it for the first time . It worked fine for about 20 minutes . Then , it started flashing oddly , and now , it will not even come on . Could n't open the battery cover . Still could n't after gouging it with a spoon and knife . The unit literally will not come on . I threw it in the trash and am ordering the Thermapen . The good reviews on this `` Weekend Warrior '' led me to believe it was really good . Even Consumer Reports says it 's good . I guess it 's hit or miss . Mine was a miss .
 I got this for testing the meat for our Christmas get together . It made it through two readings and died . I am planning to contact Amazon and see if anyone cares that we got a dud . I will post an update about what they agree to do about it . I will be willing to try another one since Consumer Reports praised it so highly . I know things can happen ...
 I currently have a Temprite temperature probe with a 4 foot cord for a number of years and it has worked well for my meat smoker , but I recent saw Thermal Pen on Americas Test Kitchen and thought it would be convenient to have one ... However , I found out the Thermal Pens are expensive ... $ 89 , too expensive for my taste . So , I thought I would try both the `` Taylor Commercial Digital Cooking Thermometer with Folding Probe '' -LRB- Commercial -RRB- and the `` Taylor # 806 Weekend Warrior Digital Instant Read Thermometer '' -LRB- 806 -RRB- . Both were inexpensively priced.At first glance , the 806 seemed to be faster than the Commercial ... but when I tried to measure boiling water , the unit went haywire , display was crazy and the buttons no longer worked ... so the review ended . It did have a calibration method , but could not try it . It also seemed too short and close to the heat to be useful to quickly measure the temp of meats in a smoker.The `` Commercial '' Taylor did work , but it took about 25-30 seconds to go from room temp to 210F in rapidly boiling water and about 50 seconds to reach 211.4 F. -LRB- boiling water at sea level is 212F -RRB- This is too slow to be of use with my smoker . It did NOT have a calibration method . Both probe and body were about twice as long as the 806 and I thought this was a suitable length if it had just had a reasonable read time.Bottom line is that I will return both of them ... they are both a bad joke.So what to do now ? As I said upfront , I have been happy using a cheap probe with a 4 ' lead ... but the problem has been trying to check the temperature of several meats cooking at the same time . As a solution , I am going to order two of theTaylor 1470 Digital Cooking Thermometer/Timerthat have 4 ' cords . This way I can probe 3 different meats continuously while cooking . -LRB- btw , I can no longer find a Temprite anywhere . With a little search , it appears that the Temprite was made by Taylor . This 1470 model of Taylor appears to be a step up from the Temprite that I have . -RRB- After testing , I will write a review on the 1470s .
 The order was placed 11/25 and promised by 12/8/10 . It did not arrive until 12/13 . Although the company responded in a timely manner to my query , they confused USPS with UPS so I could not get the correct tracking number which was upsetting and the reason for this poor review . Otherwise , the product is great and everything that I expected . I finally get to enjoy my Johnnie Walker Blue .
 As an `` insider '' in the wine industry , I always get a supreme chuckle from the self-important neophytes who come into their newfound love affair with wine SWEARING that Riedel makes wine taste `` different '' or the way its `` supposed to taste '' ... < chuckle > ... Georg Riedel has made a large fortune of the gullibility of eonophiles desiring to impress their beer-swilling neighbors.Look , if this glass is scientifically calibrated for Chardonnay , then tell me why competing glass manufacturers sell Chardonnay glasses with differing shapes ??? The answer is that after you shell out for Riedel , you 'll do ANYTHING to convince yourself that the glasses `` improve '' the wine . Independent studies , however , have shown -LRB- even among skilled tasters/reviewers -RRB- that the shape of a glass influences the nose of the wine by narrowing the aperture , thereby focusing the smells . However , the taste is not affected - the wine does not preferentially spill onto different parts of your palate because of the shape of the bowl ! Think about it , you 're always going to pour the wine onto the same part of your tongue ! Get a couple of different shaped glasses , pour water out of them and watch!Save your money and buy some durable all-purpose glasses -LRB- the kind ours , or any other winery pours from in their tasting room ! -RRB-
 I was expecting a much `` thinner '' crystal which makes the wine drinking better by 10 fold . Come to find out , Riedel has 3 lines , this is the bottom of the 3 . On the good side , it 's more sturdy than hand blown crystal . Nevertheless , if you 're looking for a glass of this caliber , buy a Libby . The -LSB- high -RSB- price is not justified .
 Both Amazon and Riedel did a poor job in packaging these glasses , so two sets arrived with broken stems . Riedel merely wrapped the glasses in paper and stuffed them in a sauvignon blanc box . Amazon placed this poorly packed box into another box without adequate padding . They did this twice . Amazon declined to send a second replacement so I never had the pleasure of testing them out . I love my other Riedel stemware bought at brick-and-mortar stores .
 Unless you want to wait over a month to get your product , do n't bother placing an order for the Riedel Vinum Martini glasses through Amazon . The shipping reads the set will ship in 1-2 weeks . I ordered my set on Sept. 5 and they still have n't shipped . Not very truthful to customers , in my opinion . I would love to tell you if the glasses are any good or not , but Amazon seems to be holding mine hostage . I will come back with a review of them as soon as I receive them , but please keep in mind it might not be until 2004 ...
 Try this
 I was originally going to give this a three star review because of the following positives and negatives : Pros - Sturdy construction , modern and nice appearance , and easy to use -LRB- in theory -RRB- Con -LRB- a big one -RRB- - I received a defective unit . No matter what we tried , we could not get the cap off the strainer . This is coming from a man in his 30s with average strength . The cap is incredibly tight . In fact when we pulled on it , the metal sheath pulled off and left a black plastic cap . Hence , no straining capability.What dropped the review to two stars was the non-existent customer support . I e-mailed them twice about this and it was like a black hole . Luckily , Amazon 's customer service is much better and I returned it for a refund .
 The words do not line up with the holes . The outside turning part to pick your drink it completely worthless as I ca n't read half of the stuff . The novelty wore off as soon as I saw that I 'd have to take the inner core out of the sleeve to be able to read any of the drinks . Not even worth my time in returning it . Works great as a regular shaker though , but if that 's what you want , just buy a regular shaker and do n't spend your money here .
 Great size shaker . Solid construction . I received one of these as a gift , and noticed the recipes do n't line up completely with the openings on the outer sheath . No problem , returned it , got another . Same issue . The tops of every ingredient are cut off because of the way it is printed . Makes the recipe portion kind of useless , if you do n't know the amounts .
 It took me nearly 10 minutes to pull the shaker open , -LRB- I finally had to bang it on the side of my kitchen sink to loosen it -RRB- but I STILL ca n't get the lid on top off . It was also very hard to `` dial '' and sticks when you turn it . Maybe after a few uses -LRB- if we can ever get the lid off ! -RRB- it will loosen up , was going to buy these as Swag Gifts for a Girls ' Night Out event but will try a different brand instead .
 I received this item at my work shipping/receiving dept. and the guy who I picked it up from was concerned that the package had been damaged because he heard a loud rattling noise coming from the box . I opened the packaging that looked like it was thrown together in a hurry to find out the small cap was tossed inside the main body with no wrapping around it.That really did n't bother me but then I discovered that the dial was completely stuck . It was impossible to move defeating the main purpose of me buying this type of shaker . The second flaw was that the text for the recipes were smudged in several spots to the point of illegibility.I can only assume that this was grabbed from the stock room after someone else returned it and shipped out to me in this damaged condition.Completely Dissatisfied
 Ok ... so this isnt a review , but a question I have on this product . Where is the instruction manual to this thing ? What do the lines above the alcohol names mean . There are two , three , even four lines above some of the alcohol names . Does it mean the amount of alcohol that is supposed to be put into that particular drink . Please answer ... for it has left many of us flustered . thank you very much
 I hate to be the voice of disappointment , because I had high hopes for this critter . But I 'm a little disappointed.Out of the box , it was a little clumsy . The sheath with the holes cut in it fits pretty loosely , and is secured only near the base . That meant it wobbled a little in my hands when I was holding it , which was kinda annoying -- not criminally unpleasant , but irritating , and if I 'd been using it all night , it might have led to spillage if you know what I mean.But then I used this thing twice , maybe three times , before the metal sheath with the holes cut in it pulled free of the shaker body . That was irritating -- it looks kinda goofy like that , and it 's difficult to make any use of the recipes at this point.The capacity is great -- it 's perfect for a bunch of guests . And the look is pretty good , even without the sheath , if you 're not close enough to notice the writing . I continue to use it , but it does n't sit on my countertop longer than it takes to get washed , and it 's now a `` behind the bar '' toy.At 4.5 stars , I expected much better .
 This shaker is impossible to open . From the time we brought it home , I had such a hard time getting the lid off . When I finally did , I could n't get the lid to the pour spout off . Even my husband had a difficult time . Very frustrating . Save your money !
 Despite this being a wedding gift from my brother , I 've given up on it . It has become nearly impossible to open ! Several people have spilled drinks trying to pry it open . I like it , but it simply does n't work , and it makes you look like a fool when guests are waiting for their drinks .
 This breadmachine has a good interface , good motor and good overal features , with one big problem . I 've baked more than one hundred breads with it , probably hundreds.The real problem is that the pan , in which you pour the ingredients and bake the bread , develops small cracks around the rivets that attach the kneeder to the pan.That pan is very thin and after a couple of months small cracks appear , they get bigger and bigger and soon the water starts leaking through it . I can fix it for a while by pooring honey over those cracks , but then they get so big that I have to buy a new pan.A pan is almost forty -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- every time , I 'm on my third and need a new one again . I decided to look for another machine and thinking that a system with two kneeding paddles may be better because that would generate less stress around a single paddle . I have not decided on where to go yet.Every time I call them for another replacement pan and complain about the fact that they break , the reps just reply that this is wear-out item and is not covered by warranty , not a nice company to deal with.The other problem with this machine is
 It 's not amazon.com 's fault , it is advertised on the box . But it does n't have the 59 minute rapid bake feature ! The rapid bakes available will take at least two hours .
 After owning a breadman for several years , and worked fairly well , it has broken down . Most good companies I expect to have a good warranty , no questions asked , etc. . However , the warranty is only one year . Basically , this says to me that this unit is only good in the short-term and then has problems . If you are confident in your work , then back it up with a good warranty . I was told I could return mine and get a refurbished one with only a 90day warranty for 40 dollars . NO thanks , Mr. Breadman
 The cut size of this print is impressive.However , more than half of it is blank white margin .
 Having bought EVERY pink item in the last several months . I was dismayed to discover that none of the money was going to CFTC just because I had bought them . Seems that in VERY small print on the hang tag , there is a disclaimer . You have to go online and register the product . Only then will KitchenAid fork over the Money ... . Yes for something as small as a set of measuring cups or a knife , you have to register.Of course I discovered this long after I had thrown away the hang tags . So I went to LOWES and wrote down the UPC from the items they still stocked there . They were out of several items I have and did n't know if they were getting any more . So now I am off to the mall kitchen store . Wish me luck . Oh and SAVE those hang tags.I am posting this same complaint on every kitchenaid item at amazon
 Nice scoop - thought it had a push-out thingie to eject the ice cream , but it 's a simple scoop . Still nice . However , this exact scoop can be bought at TJ Maxx or Home Goods for $ 3.99 . I saw it there recently . Nice scoop , but $ 10 is basically `` regular price '' for it .
 Not satisfied - Product Name is Catering Scoop # 20 -LRB- professional size -RRB- . We ordered two of them . What we received was two of the professional size Catering Scoop # 24 -LRB- 24 is stamped on the scoop -RRB- - they are smaller than our other # 20 's . We are not happy with the product - it was not what we ordered and paid for .
 now do n't get me wrong I know it 's unrealistic to expect that there would be no smoke in the house but I did expect it to be a livable amount.That 's not what i got . As soon as i opened the box i knew it would leak . I tried `` tweaking '' the lid as they instructed but it did n't help . Within minutes of putting it to heat the house was filling with smoke . I ended up transferring the whole thing to the BBQ and the food turned out great but the whole point and the key selling feature of the product was to have an `` in house '' smoker.I can BBQ anytime and I did n't need a $ 50 pan to put on top of the grill.I believe in getting value for the money and at $ 50 it 's just not worth it unless they can deliver on the promise `` The lid slides on for a tight seal , so food gets smoked , but your kitchen does n't . `` I 'm completely disappointed I wasted my Amazon gift certificate on this product
 I was excited about this smoker . But then I put it on the stove and it warped to the point that only one tiny spot was still in touch with the cooktop . Everything else had risen above the cooktop . I tried different temperatures , but it stayed warped until it was cold again . I finally got the salmon smoked , but it had hardly any taste . So that 's why the low score . If I had n't tossed the packaging , I would have returned it.Very disappointed .
 I used the smoker with good results the first time , unfortunately the second time it caused a huge crack in the glass cooktop . The estimate cost to replace the top will be over $ 300 . My recommendation is NOT to use the stove top smoker on any glass cooktops . I will use my smoker from now on outside on the gas gril .
 I 've owned a Cameron stove top smoker for a long time , used it occasionally , and never have thought it is worth the trouble and mess . It is virtually impossible to make smoke-free , so unless you have a really good stove hood , do n't even think about it . It would be a good device to take on an outing where you 're going to cook outdoors , however , either over a camp grill or with a portable stove , and the smokiness of the environment is not a concern . It is really hard to clean once you use it and the wood powders available to use with the smoker are pretty expensive . I smoked fresh caught fish of all types for many years using a standard electric smoker , so I am not a newbie at this , but if you are going to use it indoors , do n't bother unless you like a smoky kitchen and a really messy kitchen contraption to deal with afterwards .
 Purchased this and waas excited to try it . I cooked a salmon filet in it using the hickory chips . The salmon was excellent and everyone loved it . The bad news is that my house filled with smoke . This is not an indoor smoker !! Too much smoke escapes when you cook with it . I will be using it outdoors on my grill . While the food it cooks is pretty good , I only rated it 2 stars because it is not an indoor smoker . My house smells like smoke ... and not in a good way . I also tried adjusting it as per the instructions to make it seal better but it did n't help.I would have rather applied the money towards a decent outdoor smoker had I known this was not suitable for indoor smoking .
 I bought this because I vaguely remembered Emeril using something similar on his TV show . I forgot that his `` set '' had a big industrial exhaust fan over the stove that blew fumes out into the city . I have a `` builder 's standard '' oven hood , like 99 % of Americans that blasts the exhaust right back into the room . Using this smoker on a stovetop inside your house is not unlike lighting a campfire on your living room carpet and then puttng it out with wet hickory-soaked blankets . You probably do n't have enough windows to open to clear the stink in a reasonable amount of time . After 3 days , I 'm considering pulling down the drapes and dragging the furniture to the curb . I 've already taken all our reeking clothes to the incinerator.I suggest you buy this along with a hotplate and restrict it to backyard usage only . Enjoy .
 I am deeply disapointed from the smoer , the liquids from the meat are causing the food to be steamed insead of BBQ kind of smokey . The taste is good , so I will try to improve my cooking techniques for better results .
 The smoker came out of the box warped , and when heated for the one and only time to smoke a very thin fish filet went `` sproing '' and not only did the cover warp some more , but the lip on the pan that holds the cover shut tight warped upward at both sides , leaving a 1/2 gap on either side between the pan and the cover . My kitchen smelled of alder smoke , the fish took over 20 minutes to cook through , and I returned this immediately after I cleaned it . I then ordered Emeril 's smoker , which is cast iron , and am waiting hopefully for that to arrive .
 I bought this stovetop smoker because my daughter loves smoked salmon and I thought it would be easier and less expensive to make in my stove instead of buying at the store . The product itself worked exactly as it was supposed to , but the meat , -LRB- chicken and fish -RRB- tasted like someone had put their cigarette out in our food . You will not be able to achieve the same results of an actual smoker using this product .
 I have used this twice already for burgers and each time the burgers are steamed rather than grilled . I do n't like steamed burgers . I also taste very little smoke flavor even though it makes my house smell strongly of hickory smoke , which I do n't mind because I like the way hickory smells . I just wish I could get that strong hickory flavor imparted on the food . This will only be good for veggies , it 's not suitable for meats , I will have to drag my mini charcoal Weber grill out for meats like I 've been doing all along.I do n't recommend .
 I was given this for my birthday and have used it once . I tried using it on the stove but the entire kitchen smelled of smoke for a day afterwards . I expected some odor afterwards but not as much as I got . Maybe I did n't use it correctly but am now afraid to try it again . I have a large drum smoker and a gas grill , I 'll probably just stick to them for now .
 I was very excited to receive my smoker . Imagine my disappointment when I discovered I could n't fit the meat into the pan ! I cut a small portion from my brisket and put it in , but the juice from it swamped the chips and I finally gave up after cleaning out the pan and putting fresh chips in three times . This is probably good for two small chicken breasts or a small fish fillet , but do n't expect to do anything more with it , and do n't use the fattier , juicier cuts that would normally be put in a smoker or your chips will be totally soaked .
 I currently live in an apartment in New York , so the concept of rolling out the ol' Weber and grilling some choice baby backs is pretty far fetched . I had hoped this smoker would give me bit of that summer barbeque feeling in the city . The Cameron stovetop smoker does live up to its promise of adding a smoky flavor to your food , but with a few significant caveats : - It does leak smoke . Not a billowing black cloud , but enough -LRB- for a small apartment -RRB- to be concerned about . I tried `` the tweak '' as recommend in the manual , but that did n't really solve the problem . Open all your windows , or look forward to a visit from your friendly neighborhood firefighters . - You better like barbeque -LRB- or at least the smell of it -RRB- a lot , because it will be hanging in the air for DAYS -LRB- again for those with small apartments -RRB- . Based on my experience , at least 2 , maybe 3 . - Those wood chips -LRB- really more like pencil shavings -RRB- that come with the cooker go quick and the refills -LRB- from Cameron of course -RRB- are pretty pricey.While this smoker may work for some , for me the juice is n't worth the squeeze . This thing is going to the graveyard of kitchen gadgets . Where did I leave that rib place takeout menu ???
 I was very impressed with my smoker for the first 6 months that I had it . Minimal fuss and easy cleanup . While the smoking was n't as good as an outdoor smoker , it seemed to do the trick.However , after 6 months I put some water in it after it had cooled down , and found I had about a dozen cracks in the bottom of the pan causing the water to leak out . I followed the directions to the letter , yet this stainless steel pan which the manufaturer claims will `` last for years '' was done after 6 months . $ 60 flushed down the drain . I would n't recomend this to anybody . Unfortunately I gave one as a gift also . Waiting to hear how long that one lasted .
 After a few test runs I 've pretty much stopped using this product . It just does n't impart enough `` woody '' or smoking flavors to count as a barbeque or cooking option .
 I read all of the great reviews and looked forward to receiving the `` smoker '' . But it was quite a let down . Nothing but a way to bake food and hope it picks up a little of the smoke taste put off by the sawdust they call wood . I sent in back and would not recommend at all .
 This sounds like a good idea , and indeed , it does smoke foods pleasantly with no trouble . I have now used it three times and probably will not use it again . The smoke odor is pervasive and over time is very unpleasant . It lasts for a day or two , with a faint odor for a third day . I was running two exhaust fans tonight while using it , and had a window open to see if that would make the fans more functional . Not very helpful . So I ca n't recommend this stovetop mini-smoker .
 Just received my Cameron Smoker and used it for the first time . It was obvious that the lid was not a good fit . Smoke readily exited the corners filling the kitchen . I tried putting heavy pots on the ends to weight the corners down . No success . The intstructions made mention of `` tweaking '' the lid by bending it when `` half on '' the smoker . This still did n't help . To look at the lid `` on-edge '' gave the appearance of it being warped . The Cameron product line is listed as being in Colorado -LRB- ? -RRB- but the packaging has the smoker as being made in China . It just does n't appear to have `` tight '' production specifications . I am still looking for a stovetop smoker .
 Sent wrong type of glass jar -LRB- square vs clover leaf -RRB- . I did n't have time to hassle with their customer service people , so I had to go out and buy a new top . Product came in approx 7 days , well packed . Would n't use this vendor again .
 I ordered the remote # 138 sensor with remote probe . Received 2 units withou the probe , which is why I ordered them . Now I have the very large hassle of waiting for the correct items to be recived and returning the incorrect items . Quality control in the mail order business must be really poor .
 I 've had two of these and both quit working within a few weeks of use . The case is not water-proof , not even water resistant . The rubber grips on either side of the case become dislodged and will not reseat properly . Chaning the battery may not even be possible , although neither of the two I had would work long enogh to put a dent in the battery life . Look for something more basic and durable .
 I purchased four of these for gifts . Two of the four were dead on arrival . This is a very high failure rate .
 I was very disappointed in this fan . Right out the box I noticed that it looked like a cheap plastic fan.It looks better in the picture . I tried it anyway . As soon as I turned it on one of the two fan motors made a whining noise when running.The motor noise was just too much to bear and I had to return it to Amazon for a refund.I would try another fan from Amazon of from a local store where you can get a better idea of the quality .
 The product description says that it will fit windows up to 40 '' wide . It does not . You 'll have a 2 '' to 3 '' gap on both sides of your window if you try to install it in a window 40 '' wide . Beyond that ... I 'd say you can probably find a better quality fan anyway . The construction feels kind of cheap .
 CHEAP !! Unable to put in window so it would stay . Very poor design . Price was inexpensive , hence the quality . Returned immediately
 After reading other customer reviews of this product , I expected cheesy . I was n't even slightly disappointed . Low quality plastics and limited versatility earn this product 2 stars.It is , however , inexpensive and moves a reasonable amount of air . Well suited for the intended application in my garage to extract heat and fumes . In addition , it is not too loud and does n't rattle.If your expectations are sufficiently low , this could be a good purchase . Free shipping tipped the balance for me.An unexpected bonus was the humor displayed by the manufacturer - The instructions state that it should not be used near a window .
 We bought this fan -LRB- also marketed under Feature Comforts brand -RRB- today and ran it for four hours before the blades stopped turning , immediately followed by a puff of smoke and the smell of burning plastic . Fortunately , we were in the room and able to unplug it before anything worse happened . This product is so unsafe , it does n't even deserve one star .
 I purchases this fan to relieve smoke in my man cave for football games . It whined its eay through the first time , the second time 1 fan broke off and crashed into the other 1 . Do n't throw your money away on this .
 The item that was received is not the rose pattern that is on the plate in the picture . The plate I received features a floral tapestry motif on a green background along the edge . The picture is of the sweetbriar rose salad plate.Overall , this is wonderful china and I have really enjoyed using it .
 For the money I paid for these paper replicas , they had better work.I was sorely disappointed when I opened the shipping box and saw a package with 2 plastic clips , 2 metal rods and essentially a folded up paper photograph on cardboard with no instructions . It was like having my own little logic puzzle - after about 3-4 minutes I figured it out , but paper intructions might have helped.For $ 39.95 , I might have been able to make these myself . Hope they at least work .
 This product is a neat concept but I found that it does n't conform as easily as they make it look . In addition I do not find the support it offers to be all the great . It tends to be to bulky for my neck . Also the ends do not have the flexible spine in them like the middle does . So the consistency of the pillow is different depending on where you place your head and neck .
 The Small and medium were ok ... but the large did not season at all . Everything I did in it Stuck no matter what I used
 DO NOT PURCHASE ! I have owned this light string for two weeks , half of the lights are out , and I 've gone all through them to no avail . Save your money and buy a better brand .
 Purchased this item in part for the `` constant on '' feature in which the remaining lights stay lit if one bulb goes out . The string was in place for roughly 24 hours and I arrived home to find 3/4 of the string out . I tried in vain to adjust the nonfunctioning bulbs to get the string to light . I 'm now left with useless trash which , I suppose , I will bundle up and send back to Amazon . Absolutely worthless product and especially galling in light of the `` constant on '' claim , which is absolutely fraudulent .
 I bought three Constant-on sets because I 'm tired of hunting down bad/loose bulbs . Here I thought I 'd just throw away the older sets when they stopped working for any reason . Imagine my surprise when only HALF the string of the third set of `` Constant-ons '' lit up ! Jiggled a lot of the bulbs , reset a few ; NOTHING ! Seems like FALSE ADVERTISING to me . Now I 've either got to return these , or dispose of them . I do NOT like GE .
 They sell these as stand-alone or in their pre-lit trees . Either way , they have a `` current-limiting bulb '' per string that functions as an in-line fuse . When this burns out -LRB- which it frequently does -RRB- , you are punked . It 's not replaceable . Brilliant bit of planned obsolescence .
 These lights burn out quickly ! They are plain junky . Every 50th light bulb has a `` fuse bulb '' -LRB- marked by a white casing the bulb connects into -RRB- that is GLUED into the socket . Once it burns out , the section of lights between it and the next fuse bulb will go completely out . It is not intended to be replaced by the user and does not have an available replacement part . If you try to take the bulb out , it ends the warranty . If this bulb goes out -LRB- and it will much sooner than it should -RRB- and your warranty is over or you messed with the fuse bulb , you are out of luck . You are not going to be able to fix or replace it . This product is a complete waste of money .
 I read in the description that if one light either burned out or became loose , the other lights would stay on . I specifically bought this product based on the description . Well guess what happen . One bulb must have become loose and 50 of the 100 lights went out . Is there a set of these miniature lights that will stay on . This brand will not .
 Disappointed in the GE product of xmas lights that are sold these days . I never had a problem with them over the years , they lasted for multiple holiday years without having to replace them . The last two years I 've had to buy new each year because one or two strands would burn out before xmas . Same thing this year , bought three new strands and the one in the center of the tree burned out xmas morning when the tree lights were turned on . Will never buy this product again , very disappointed . They are NOT &#34; constant on &#34; lights either , half a strand will burn out or three quarters of the strand or the entire thing , awful quality in recent years . Do not recommend at all .
 Purchased a GE pre-lit tree with C-5 constant on lights . All GE pre-lit trees are on the expensive side , but beautiful trees . The lights worked a couple of weeks , then part of a set went out . With a thousand other things on my mind , I purchased more lights and tried to mask the flaw . By Christmas -LRB- about 3 weeks after purchse -RRB- two sets of lights were only half lit . The next year I did n't want to deal with it , so purchased more lights -LRB- definately NOT GE brand -RRB- and a live tree . This year I decided this $ 300 + tree was way too expensive to be a 3-week proposition -LRB- and at that with 1/2 of 2 sets out -RRB- and determined I would use it . Now three sets of the lights are half way out . I have spent at least 4 hours this evening alone trying to get them going . No luck . That is the last GE product I will be purchasing .
 I must have made it clear that I needed a new blender because I got 2 for Christmas ; this one and a cheaper $ 17 . blender from Wal-Mart . This blender works okay , but its design flaws make it a nuisance to use.The square top makes things get stuck in the corners and not mix well , as well as making it impossible to pour out anything thicker than buttermilk without making a huge mess.The rubber lid is pretty bendable and does n't create a very good seal if you are using a liquid that is even slightly warm . DO NOT BLEND HOT SOUP IN THIS BLENDER . Although the instructions say that boiling liquids may be blended after cooling for 5 minutes , it is extremely dangerous ! As soon as you turn it on , the lid comes flying off , spewing hot liquid everywhere . I used all my weight to try and keep this from happening and the lid still comes off slightly.The plastic handle attached to a glass jar feels cheap as if it is going to crack off at any moment . All in all I like my $ 17 Wave Station better .
 I 've had probably 6 blenders over the years . Always a cheap one until last year when my kids bought me the Cuisinart for my daily smoothies . My big complaint is that if the glass jar is n't seated just right the plastic drive blades at the base and on the jar spin the plastic right off ! I returned one unit for replacement thinking it was simply defective . I was careful making sure the jar sat correctly but I continued to have flubs then recently stripped the blades in the base again . Based on what I 've read others have had this problem with the Cuisinart and replacing the blades would be a bugger . I think I 'll go back to my economy blenders .
 This thing is an absolute piece of crap . The spout that pours the mix out manages to spill half of the contents . If you look at some of the better blenders the spout is shaped like a U so that it directs the blend . This thing just spill everything.I have a juicer , and I used this thing to blend in bananas and other stuff . When I tried to fill a glass with it most of the contents went in the sink . I have a 10 dollar blender that does as good of a job , and puts stuff in the glass . I just wonder if these people actually tested this product before unleashing it upon the public . I would NEVER recommend this thing to a friend ... it is sitting in my trash right now .
 I purchased the Cuisinart SmartPower 600 watt blender -LRB- CB600SIL -RRB- from Costco and since it was my first Cuisinart purchase I expected nothing but the best . Over the course of about a month , a lot of crud started building up inside the metal parts of the top part of the processor . I was unable to get this crud out , and when I called to complain , Cuisinart sent me a new blender top . Yippee ! I thought . Then one day about two months later it stopped working . Stopped completely . Does n't even work at all . Does n't even light up . I called Cuisinart and their attitude was , well , too bad . I feel completely traumatized . I have never purchased an item that stopped working so quickly after I purchased it . I can not believe this big reputation company makes such a crappy piece of equipment and then has the nerve to sell it . I will never buy another Cuisinart item again .
 This blender has great power - which is why I bought it and the price was decent . The base -LRB- where the motor is -RRB- is nice and solid and metal cased . The glass jar is solid and huge . The part which I have BIG complaints about is the bottom part -LRB- which you screw the jar and blades into -RRB- This part is made of CHEAP THIN PLASTIC plus it is very very difficult to screw on tightly -LRB- to prevent leaks when blending -RRB- and even more difficult to unscrew once you finish use and want to clean it .
 I 've had this blender for a while now and I absolutely hate it . I use it almost exclusively for smoothies made of frozen fruit and juice -LRB- no ice -RRB- ; for smoothies it 's a real problem . The blades stick all the time . It blends the bottom fruit without getting to the top . Worst of all , it DOES NOT POOR WITHOUT SPILLING . I have no idea how ANY company could design a blender without some kind of pouring lip . This product should be pulled from the market and redesigned . Do n't be sucked in by the Cuisinart name . Save your money .
 I purchased this model refurbished from Amazon . When it arrived , there were scratches on the base . I would have thought the base would have been replaced during refurbishment , but oh well , I can live with that . From the first time I used this unit , there was an electric burning smell when running the motor for just a short period of time - I did n't put any major strains on this unit . I though maybe this smell was just normal when the motor was running , but it just died after about 4 months and 10 times of use . Also , the motor base is stainless steel as stated , but the handle and jar collar are just silver plastic . The jar collar can be difficult to remove when trying to access the blades for cleaning . When making smoothies , it did develop that annoying air pocket around the blades that keeps the contents from blending .
 I would like to reiterate what several other reviewers have commented on . This blender was loud from the start and within a couple of months of daily smoothie-making , the motor started struggling and smoking . It turns out that the `` smoke '' was actually the smell of the cheap plastic cutting assembly , which ultimately melted down . This was the shortest-lived blender I have ever purchased , though certainly not the cheapest . Like many others , I assumed the Cuisinart brand name was linked to quality . I wo n't make that mistake again !
 We loved this blender and was very handy . Unfortunatly , after 6 months it smoked and died . Will return it and will stay away from Cuisinart .
 I have now had 2 of these blenders and both of them have had their motors burn up . The first one I exchanged under warranty but now that this second one is having the same problem and it is outside of the warranty , I WILL NOT be buying another one of these.The second complaint I have is that pouring anything out of this blender is a disaster . It is pretty much a guarantee that you will spill it all over . This one product makes me not want to buy Cuisinart products ever again .
 We just re-did our kitchen and went with all stainless steel so I bought this blender because it looks so good . But it 's not very good as a blender . Our old , cheap , drugstore blender did much better.I have to leave it on about 4 to 5 times longer than the old one and there are still chunks of stuff . And I 'm talking bananas , not ice . Then when you wash it the bottom of the glass part is a huge cup when turned upside down in the washer . As a result it fills up with filthy water until you take it out and empty it . Also the handle will fill with water and it s l o w l y empties while the machine is running and soaks the counter top . I will not buy another .
 I have tendinitis so my hands were n't strong enough to make the plunger work . I 'm sure it will be great if you are young .
 Junk . All right , a few more words ... Save your money . Quality is poor and fabric is very thin . Save your money ! I sent it right back to Amazon at their expense .
 The quality of this comforter appeared to be excellent . However , we purchased what we thought was Black and WHITE - what we got was black and cream . We did n't even take it out of the package because it would not work for us . The quality looked to be very nice , but as previously stated , it was not black and white as it shows in the picture . Very Disappointing .
 After paying a pretty good bit of money on this bedding set I was very disappointed to find out if it even gets remotely wet the colors run and the bedding is ruined . It was raining during a move and 2 of the pillows are now black and blue instead of black and white . Really disappointing .
 The color theory behind this game/toy is great and one can learn a lot thru figuring out the layout and setting it up , but putting it together takes the fun out of it . It is pure frustration . Putting the little cubes together and trying to get them on the rods and twisting the cubes into place without keeping the rest in place is almost impossible.Unfortunately , I would not recommend it to anyone but a masochist .
 I do not know how every one else 's experiences with this pot were so different from my own , but the first time I tried to put the pot on the stove , it began to burn , and make a strange smell . So , after the first use , the bottom of my pot is already scarred . I can assure you , there was nothing on the stove top , it was the pot itself that was burning . I used an electric stove , as opposed to a gas , but I do not see why that should make a difference.The infuser is very nice , as is the look of the pot . However , if you are looking for a pot to put on the stove , this is not it !
 Primula glass tea pot with infuser - I was given this as a mothers day gift . When I went to pour the tea the handle cracked and I could not use it . My daughter tried to get another one sent and Amazon stated that they could only give a refund upon return . I would have liked another as it was a delightful gift .
 I ordered 5 of these to give for Easter presents , it showed they were shipped and then today -LRB- 3 days before Easter -RRB- I received notice my order was cannelled because they were out of the product . Their site still shows they have many available so do n't order any !!!
 Item was shipped via UPS without any padding whatsoever - just a thin glass teapot in a box . Needless to say , it arrived shattered . This may be a great product , but I 'll never know .
 I got this product as a Christmas gift . The first time I poured hot water in , it started leaking all over the counter . I ca n't really tell how , but somehow water is leaking out at the point where the base of the handle is attached to the pot . It did n't appear to be cracked -LRB- as in another review -RRB- but it is clearly not functional . I had already opened the flower and so I just brewed my tea in a bowl instead . The tea was delicious but the pot is useless .
 This bookshelf is described as `` cherry finish '' , but it 's actually reddish brown - more red than anything else . It does not even come close to matching my cherry furniture . Now I have to pay for return shipping plus take a 20 % restocking fee . It will probably cost me more to return it than it did to buy it ! Plus it was packaged in very cheap material that FORTUNATELY I did not tear up as I was opening it . But you have to send it back in the original packing material , and it was a total pain in the butt trying to get that thing back in the box with all the packing material that was crumbling as I tried to fit it into the box . I am extremely dissatisfied , and it will be the last time I order any type of furniture from Amazon.This is the link to the product.5-tier Wooden Corner Bookshelf In Cherry FinishedIt is sold by several merchants . I got mine from Visiondecor , but I 'm sure they are all the same .
 Knives are just ok ... The blades are too thin and bend too easily while cutting . I 'd have gone a different rout if I had known this .
 it sure did n't stand up to my henkels -LRB- and they 're not even the really good ones -RRB- . . i 've used it only a couple times now and tho it 's a nice working surface it 's already cut to hell . . nice that it 's a renewable resource but apparently that means you have to keep buying them . . this will suit the purpose for awhile , and makes a nice serving tray -LRB- minus the giant knife gashes -RRB- for veggie snack sunday , but i 'm going to stop cheaping out on things that look kinda nice and just get myself the butcher block i 've been wanting for a long time and that will last for generations . .
 I am not happy with this product . After just one use there were cut marks in the board unlike the other 2 boards I purchased -LRB- totally bamboo congo and the totally bamboo kenya -RRB- . There are no cut marks in these . I thought that this board would be the same quality . It is not . Disappointed
 After a few months one of the ` raw bamboo ' end pieces warped and started to separate from the ` steamed bamboo ' body . Now it wobbles on the counter unless I put a towel under it . The grooved edge seemed like it would be convenient but all it seems to do is make the board harder to wipe clean . On the plus side , the surface has held up very well . I will probably replace it with a flat , solid bamboo board .
 I ended up spending just under $ 20 for this item after shipping - it really is n't worth that much ! It must have cost less than $ 1 to make . Although it will serve its purpose of framing pictures on a magnetic surface , I will NEVER admit to anyone how much I paid for this item.Oh well , live and learn ...
 I bought this set based on the good reviews , as well as the fact that I was able to go to Macy 's and actually hold the flatware and see for myself what I was buying . My old set of Oneida had held up very well for the past 24 years and I wanted something new . Well , some of the pieces began to rust within just a few weeks . In addition , food tends to stick to the flatware even after being washed in the dishwasher -LRB- I have a new dishwasher -RRB- ... I am disappointed and am looking for a new set . I wonder if it 's the satin finish that 's causing the rusting and food to stick .
 We were disappointed and had to return the set of stainless because the forkswere too heavy and large for normal persons to use . Evidently the discriptionand photos did n't show this . We appreciate your kindness in handling it .
 I bought this set about a year and a half ago based on all the good reviews here . However within a couple months after using the set and dishwashing them , they started to develop rust spots ! I have been lazy about sending them back to Oneida for the lifetime warranty but it will be done for sure . Also note that the set is made in China . An older Oneida set of similar quality I have had for well over 10 years has never rusted and was made in the USA . Do n't know if Oneida 's quality control has improved since I purchased my set but I do n't know if I will buy another Oneida set after this .
 I have done an about face on my original review as new information has come to light.Satin Garnet Oneida silverware
 We started using this set in January 2008 . Upon openning the box , at least ten pieces had pitting or defective surface . The box said the flatware was disherwasher safe , but within two washes some pieces started getting marks and rust . Has only gotten worse . Pattern is nice and wooden caddy is handy , but this flatware has underperformed and disappointed compared to my old $ 40 entry-level Oneida set which lasted for over six years without any marks .
 I bought the Oneida Persuasion Flatware Set to be used as an everyday set . I liked its clean and simple design , and its mate finish on the handles . To my surprise , and in less than a year , a few of the handles had started to rust , like if a small drop of water had stayed and worked its way through the metal . This is ridiculous , I live alone and the set is barely used by the maid and me , so it has been exposed to a very light use . I do own other cheaper Oneida sets that had withstand years of use and abuse , but this one is not worth buying .
 This is the worse set of flatware that I own . You would think that with the Oneida brand that there would be a quality product but this set is terrible .
 My Mom bought me this set for my anniversary two years ago . We use it regularly and run it through the dishwasher and it is just horrible looking . It spots and marks pitifully . I ca n't get most of the spots off no matter what I do . I wrote the company to complain and they said they would replace it if I mailed it in , but with the weight of the set -LRB- because it really is a heavy-duty set of flatware -RRB- it would have cost me a fortune to ship it to them and then all I would have gotten in return was another set of flatware that would probably look the same way in a short period of time . So , I am just putting my experience out there to help others make an informed decision .
 They are ok for my needs and the price was right . They seem to rust a bit in the dishwasher , yet I guess you get what you pay for .
 Having bought this item for a friends wedding gift , I was a bit upset when the package arrived and upon inspection found that the box was actually torn . This looks like I purchased the silverware at a yard sale or bargain bin . The only positive thing was that it arrived on time .
 The worst flatware that I 've owned . I 'm extremely disappointed with the quality of this flatware - it spots in the dishwasher and is dull and not heavy so it seems cheap .
 This item is VERY much flimsier than the photo suggests and than some of the reviews indicated .
 Have used this for 2 weeks -LRB- exactly 14 uses -RRB- and already the rim of the bowl is separating from the rest of the piece ! It looked perfect and beautiful when it arrived . It has never hit the floor . We hand wash it and hand dry it directly after each use . I wanted this to be a toxin-free unbreakable dish for my toddler ... and bought it as a test before buying a whole bunch of them ... this type of quality is not going to work out . I 'm saddened that I ca n't buy more and also really upset that it did n't last longer !!!!!! If you want a small , pretty bowl then go ahead but do n't buy it if you plant to actually use it !
 I 've been using this for over a year . Previously I used an expensive Filtrite brand of filter for dander and pollen because there are allergies in my house . There 's some good things about this filter , but some performance claims may be overhyped.If you are already using a cheap reusable plastic mesh filter , and you do n't care about catching as much as possible of dust and allergans , then the Web is probably an improvement and I 'd recommend it over those cheap filters.But it is n't not as good as the better paper filters and shoppers serious about the quality of the air in their house should stick with the better paper filters . The claims in the adverstising are for `` High Efficiency '' and it `` captures pollen , dust , and pet dander size particles '' . These are somewhat exaggerated . It may capture SOME of the particles passing through it , but it appears to let about half or more pass through it . The claim of `` three stage filtration '' seems a bit over done . It is just a pice of foam sandwiched between plastic web mesh.How do I know ? My particular furnace system allows two filters to be installed , back-to-back so to speak . The Web filter is first and the high-quality paper filter is second . After the air has passed through the web first , then it goes through my allergan-trapping paper filter . After checking multiple times , I can see my paper filter getting dirty , so there is dirt passing through the Web filter but finally getting caught in the paper filter.BUT , I 'm only replacing my paper filter half as often as I used to , before the Web , so it has cut the cost of paper filters in half and also the time required to replace the paper filter . However , the Web directions say you should clean it monthly . That means taking it out and rinsing it with water , then drying and reinstalling it . That 's 12 filter rinsings a year . Apparantly , it 's efficiency is reduced if you do n't keep up the cleaning routine.My furnace repair technician says two filters may choke the furnace fan with too much resistance and that I should remove one of them . I ignored him and it seems to work fine with two filters , so far , and I 'm saving some time and money so I 'm keeping it . But it can not replace the serious paper filter in my house .
 I have n't replaced my previous fliter yet to make a comment . But I hope it fits as I order 16x24 and I recieved 16x25x1 , maybe that 's the next something , not sure . But will submit after I am sure it fits and works . What I will say is that the washing only is appealing vs. having to buy more .
 After 3 months in furnace it was as clean as new , Rinse water had no visible dirt . There was nothing to indicate that the Web Plus air filter did any filtering
 I have a few of the original Russel Wright pinch spoons . I love the shape and feel of the spoon . Well , this new set does NOT have the same shape . For the life of me I ca n't understand why they would reintroduce a line , but make it different . I do n't mind that it is shiny , the price is right , quality is fine , but it is not the same shape as the original . Buy this set if you need flatware and like the design . Do NOT buy this set if you want the same shapes as the original . And I was so hopeful !
 While this product seems similar to Scent-Sation Whispersilk , it 's NOT . I have used Whispersilk for years and they held up beautifully . The `` Satin Alternative '' pilled within the first month . Additionally , the stitching and labels were sewn on the the soft side so as to imply that they are to be used on the flat side .
 I was very disappointed in the quality of these sheets . The fabric is sub standard , thin , pilled to the point of absurdity after 5 washes and should not be called satin . the construction of the sheets , i.e. where the corners were sewn together was terrible . I understand that these sheets are supposed to be reversible , but that is no excuse for having all of the stitching exposed . I can not believe that I paid around $ 100 for this sheet set . do yourself a favor and do not buy them .
 At first , I was delighted to receive these sheets . They were n't quite as heavy as I thought they would be , but they were smooth and comfortable . A good buy , I thought . BUT WITHIN 2 WEEKS , the sheets began to pill - especially at places where you move at night - at the head and under the legs . We have had these sheets only a month and they are so pilly that they are no longer usable . For the price -LRB- $ 79.00 -RRB- , I expected much better . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM .
 Frankly , I buy satin sheets for one reason only . My husband has Parkinsons disease , and satin sheets allow him to move in bed more easily . These slide as well as others.That said , some of the seams were sewn inside and others were sewn outside . I consider these seconds . Definitely not quality items .
 Not soft and silky at all . I 'm very disappointed . I do n't know what these other reviewers see in this product .
 They are laminated , have very strong chemical smell even after `` cooking '' them with hot water . I throw them away because I am afraid those chemical may harm the health .
 These are very elegant chopsticks , but using them has proved to be a pain in the butt . The coating they have used makes the chopsticks very slippery and it is difficult to pick up food . Now , I 'm a self-professed non-expert when it comes to chopsticks , but even my boyfriend -LRB- who prefers chopsticks to silverware -RRB- has a hard time with them . I suggest you spend the few extra dollars to get ones without the coating .
 I purchased these from MV Trading here on Amazon thinking they were the branded `` Totally Bamboo '' since that was pictured , what I received was generic packaging . Examining the chopsticks , yes they are bamboo and have a twist , but they are also lacquer coated . Having used chopsticks since the age of 3 , I specifically did not want chopsticks with a lacquer coating . The lacquer falls off in your food and in your mouth . Considering these are from China , who knows what is in that lacquer.I did not get what I paid for which is the Totally Bamboo brand . What I received was generic , low quality and coated with an unknown substance . It 's not worth the cost of shipping to send it back . Big disappointment .
 11/14/12
 These are n't really straight ; they 're actually quite warped . I have n't had them long enough to know if the lacquer will chip off .
 I had to quit using the Lekue Silicone Super Flexible Oven Mitt . Taking a pan from a 400 degree oven always results in burned fingers . There is hardly enough time to move the pan to a countertop , and certainly no time to remove the contents while holding the pan . With my older cloth mitt I have no problem , but it 's hard to clean and showing it 's age.Silicone is good for resisting high temperatures , but the thermal transfer rate is too high for use as an oven mitt . Some sort of a thermal barrier needs to be used within a silicone shell.The good news is that the mitt is easy to clean . Currently using it as a K9 chew toy ...
 These mitts are more flexible than some others I 've tried , but I do n't find them to be easy to use . Gripping a pot or pan is difficult with one glove , a little easier with two . Silicone does n't pick up heat from the pan , but it makes my hands sweat . I returned these because they 're not as comfortable as others that have cloth lining .
 Nice in theory . However , they do n't really prevent heat from getting through to your hands , so if you have to hold something for a prolonged amount of time , I 'd look for something else . The part I hate is that the thumb is n't placed on the mitt the way it is on your hand , so gripping is basically done with your two palms . It just does n't feel safe . I sent mine back , and bought some heavy duty terry welding mitts for the same price . They have been much more satisfactory .
 Does anyone know why this flatware keeps changing price ? Sometimes it 's $ 50/place setting and other times it is $ 90 . Please help !
 i was never informed that the sheets were not going to come until january 2008 at the time that i ordered the comforter . now i have the comforter and not the sheets . the sheets were more important . very disappointed for me as well as my son .
 The comforter I received was not the comforter that was advertised . They look nothing alike . It is very thin & cheap looking . Do n't bother !!!
 Beware , the item you are looking at is not what you will recieve in the mail . Yes , you will recieve a skateboarding comforter , but not the one in Amazon 's picture . The quality of the one you will recieve is very poor .
 I ordered this set to figure out if I wanted to register for it for our upcoming wedding . I grew up with Oneida flatware - the pattern my folks had , Satinique , was discontinued and Oneida suggests this as a close match.In design , yes , it is a close match . The set is marked 18/10 and is nice with the exception of the knife . First , it feels light and hollow - it 's lighter than the other pieces which makes no sense since it 's made of the most material . I see no marking on it indicating it 's Oneida , let alone 18/10 . Astonished , I tried to bend the blade and it definately gives under little pressure . -LRB- Not a full bend , but a knife should n't flex -RRB- . Looking more closely at the designs along the handle , it almost appears that black paint was used to create depth , as opposed to actual molds.I 'm curious to see if ordering directly from Oneida yields a better product , or if there is just a lapse in quality . 18/10 - lies ! My cheap set from Target is better quality .
 The Sheraton stainless that was made in the USA is simply exquisite and easily rivals any sterling set and I would highly highly recommend those . However , I recently purchased service for 4 from Oneida through Amazon . Big disappointment . Although Oneida failed to mention where the flatware was made on their website , when it arrived a 1 '' bar code sticker affixed to back of the box stated in very tiny print `` Made In Indonesia '' and after examining the set I found serious flaws.The beautiful detail of the Sheraton pattern was not evenly imprinted . There were areas on the knives , forks and spoons where the pattern actually became lighter and then invisible . I have never seen anything like this ! In addition the Oneida mark was not done well at all . It was much too large and garish and actually interfered with the pattern even tho it was on the reverse side . The Oneida mark on the Made in USA set was very fine , subtle and tastefully done.It is sad to see such a lack of quality control from a great company like Oneida . On the plus side , Oneida responded very sympathetically to my complaint and promised to send a postage free return label . So I give them 2 thumbs up for that . Also their customer service person Jennie was extremely courteous and accommodating . It is still possible to find Made in USA Sheraton that is new or like new in sets and/or pieces which I am happy to say I was able to do .
 Horrible product . Poor quality . Many flaws with each piece . Research shows that these were made in Indonesia where they have no Quality Control . This order was not for one place setting ... but for five sets . It was my wif ' e Christmas present . Amazon has only refunded me for one of the five place settings that I sent back . Horrible silverware ... and so far ... horrible customer service from Amazon . I 've always had such good service in the past , but this is a nightmare to say the least !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Do not buy . I purchased the Satin Garnet in June 2011 . By September 2011 noticed many of the knives had black blemishes on them . Contacted Oneida , and they were willing to give a credit if I bought a different pattern . I upgraded and chose the Easton pattern . Even though Oneida had an on-line sale at the time , they said that I had to buy it at the regular retail price . In addition to paying the price difference of the patterns , I also had to pay currency exchange and sales tax.In Jan 2012 , my husband noticed that on one of the knives , the blade moves when holding the knife by the handle . Two weeks ago , I discovered a black blemish on one of the knives and set it aside . I am definitely now happy about this . Not sure what Oneida will do when I tell them this time about these defects.I bought the Frostfire pattern over 35 years ago . They are great and I never had a problem with them . I believe this flatware was made in Canada or the U.S. Not the new products .
 We received this flatware for our wedding and it began to tarnish within 3 weeks ! Very disappointing ... fortunately we were able to return it to the store .
 How can anyone make a choice when you can not see what the other designs look like before purchase . I would be upset if I were the seller and my customers could not view anything other than the pine cone design.I moved on to other purchases and I will bet others did the same ...
 I purchansed several sets of this flatware . I have found some large spoons weigh 55 grams and some weight 48 grams and have a very differnent shape and feel . I have also found some small forks and small spoons also have a different shape and feel . Many of the pieces had very visible grinding marks . The difference seems to be country of origin . The pieces made in USA all match and the pieces made in China all match . In some cases the USA made were better finish and shape and in one case the China made were heavier and had a smoother finish . It is a real dissappointment that my set does n't match .
 Aquarius is too lightweight gauge metal , and looks `` cheap '' and not inexpensive . Disappointing purchase . Photo looks to be a combination of shiny and matte finish , but it is only shiny .
 The chair came damaged due to very poor packing . In response to request for discount , accompanied by photos of damage -LRB- top of the back and a foot -RRB- , a 20 % one was offered . It is not adequate , as this chair would not be worth $ 320 if offered for sale , but there was no point in arguing . After several experiences with receiving broken furniture , I do n't think I 'll be buying mail-order furniture anymore
 Nicely balanced , attractive styling , and comfortable to hold , yet the quality leaves much to be desired.The sides of the tines of both forks are unfinished/unpolished . Rough casting marks are uniform in the base of the tines and extend half way up the tines on some pieces , while extending nearly to the tips of others . The tips of the tines are simply clipped off square and are not polished.The serrated portion of the knives came encrusted with a hard black compound . I was able to scrape this off with my fingernail . The gap between the two piece knife 's handle and blade contained a similar , yet softer , black compound that I have been unable to completely remove due to the size fo the gap between the pieces.The placement of the satin finish of the handles is not uniform across all pieces . On some , the satin finish transitions to the polised finish before the `` bead '' , some at the bead , some after the bead . On some pieces part of the bead has the satin finish , and part of it is polished.Issues described above existed on all four place settings ordered . After receiving the sets from Amazon and noticing the problems , I examined about half a dozen place settings at a Macy 's store and all had the same problems as well .
 Oneida got the 18/10 right and the serving pieces are beautiful . Perhaps the larger size of the serving pieces allowed them more room to embelish the pattern more fully . Their large serving pieces earn five stars for a stainless pattern.However , the 5 piece place settings are a HUGE disappointment . They do not have a nice hand feel to them . They are not well balanced and they look `` cheap . '' The Michelangelo stainless pattern is squished up and lacks depth due to the smaller scale.The forks and spoons are not in the Continental size . This is okay , but they just are NOT comfortable in the hand and they lack the elegance of a well made set . Perhaps Continental sizing for the place settings would have allowed a better presentation of the pattern design . The quality of the workmanship is fine , the pattern detail on the five piece place settings is flawed . This is a design issue.The discontinued STERLING Michelangelo pattern is awesome ! This stainless version is a sad attempt at capturing the beauty of the sterling.If you love this pattern , save up for the sterling version -- well worth the difference in price . Watch on ebay as it is discontinued . Yes , it is okay to use sterling everyday . Use makes sterling even more beautiful . You are worth it!I do appreciate Oneida keeping jobs in the USA and had hoped to support American workers . However , Oneida is beginning to outsource flatware manufacturing . I am willing to pay more for quality items made in the USA . But , this set just does n't make the grade .
 Used this fan for about 2 months . Quiet and powerful . Nice looking , also . Holmes is usually fairly reliable but this fan started cutting out and would stop running while rotating - sometimes start back up and then back off again . I tore it apart looking for a possible short in the wiring , but nothing obvious . It is now in the trash . I give it two stars only because it did run nicely for a short time .
 I purchased these several years ago to expand the number of place settings I owned . They were not the same as the original set I purchased . The set had a different back stamp , I believe ` China ' and did not match . If I would have known they did n't match my existing set I would not have purchased and would have gone to ` replacements ' even if it cost more .
 I bought this for my daughter 's 1st birthday after seeing an ad for the entire set of Chicco Happy Garden products . My daughter loves the Little Tikes set that is at her daycare and this looked similar but much cuter . The eggplant has been a bit of a disappointment . She would sit on it and rock for a few seconds at first but would quickly lose interest . Now that we have had the eggplant for 3 months , it has been completely shoved aside . It just does n't rock much . I ca n't imagine a child over 1 wanting to play with it . The eggplant has very little curve to it and is pretty boring . I would stick to the Little Tikes set .
 This is a cute novelty toy , but I ca n't say my son got much use out of it . It was a first birthday present , and he probably rode it a handful of times . And he did n't ask about it when we passed it along to someone else .
 I didnt feel the picture depicted the product and it was not worth the money paid yet it will cost me more to send it back
 After filling with hot water several times , the glass cracked , and then broke . Maybe it was a faulty one . Wil try to return it , but that 's a hassle ... arg .
 Bodum has to figure out how to make a beaker that does n't break - this is ridiculous . I love this French press but find that replacing the beaker multiple times makes this product too expensive to use . It withstands the dishwasher great but does not tolerate the SLIGHTEST ding on a hard surface - I am not exaggerating . They do not replace beakers that have been broken this way . Maybe Bodum needs to create a plastic beaker product ? Go with a filter and save your money .
 The moment I opened the box I realized my error . This is a 12 OUNCE not a 12 CUP replacement beaker . Totally my failure to read carefully . It 's a $ 5.00 mistake you do n't want to make . This tiny product does seem to offer the 5 star Bodum quality .
 I was mislead by the 3 cup description . This 3 cup means three four ounce meansurements which came to a 12 ounce capacity . There was no way to know by the description that this was what I was ordering . I also found that some of the Peets Coffee stores carry them in stock .
 If you are thinking of buying this product -- you already know the Glass Breaks . You may think you did something wrong , but the problem is that the special BoroSilicate glass Bodum uses is much too fragile , and apparently breaks for no reason at all . Or perhaps the reason is that unlike normal glass which is one of the hardest substances known , this glass scratches easily if it comes in contact with any metal or other hard surface , and then subsequently shatters.So Instead of buying this replacement beaker , which I assure you will only be the first of many , get a new press made of unbreakable plastic LEXAN or one made of a different and less fragile type of glass .
 Looks exactly the same as the broken one it replaced , but unfortunately it is a tiny bit smaller . This means it falls out of the plastic frame if you turn it upside down and the plunger is too tight so the metal screen gets damaged . The difference is probably under 1 mm but it makes a big difference in how it works ...
 I knew the glass was thicker the moment I felt it . It fit much tighter in it 's holder . The other day I put the disassembled press back together and as I was boiling water for coffee , I heard a `` chinx '' noise . Upon looking at the glass I noticed a horse shoe shaped crack eminating from the bottom where it is seated in the holder . I was still able to make that cup of coffee , but that was the last time . I may take a picture of it and post it in a further review . If you buy this and notice the fit is tight , you may want to sand the holder or scrape some plastic off it so it does not fit so tight . Good luck .
 I 'll start by saying that I love my french press , use it almost every morning . Unfortunately , I do not love that the beaker cracks consistently after 4-6 months of daily use . I think the glass just ca n't handle the repeated rapid shifts in temperature . Just keep in mind , this is a great product but you might want to buy in bulk .
 I love my little french press , so I ordered this replacement beaker when the old one broke . I 've had it a few months but did not use it more than half a dozen times . Yesterday the glass just cracked for no apparent reason . I did not drop it or hit anything with it ! I called Ace to tell them I thought the product was defective , but because it 's been more than 30 days , the person on the phone told me he could n't help me . I can buy a new press for less than they sell the replacement beaker for , so I may have to do that , but I try not to make more trash than I have to . Customer service is less than stellar here . I did n't feel like the guy on the phone was listening or gave a # $ % about my request . He finally got me off the phone by saying he 'd have his manager call me . Yeah , right . I 'm not holding my breath .
 i did n't even get this shipped to me and this guy who i bought it from did n't even knowledge that i bought it . what is that ?
 The Trim works great but it only sits there and does nothing . We have the Sharp R-530BS micro oven what a piece of S ___ . Right after the warrantee was gone it started acting up . Not stopping when you turn it off . Starting again when you shut the door . The clock never shows the right time when you can see anything.So now I am looking for a replacement . Any reviews on the R-530-ES ? Hopefully I can find something since our cutout is for the Sharp RK51S27 trim kit . Or will I be stuck buying another Sharp every 2 years just because it fills the space ????? -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered this recently as a holiday gift . I was extremely disappointed when I received the item from seller Lucca . It arrived in a USPS shoe box wrapped in newspaper . The description -LRB- which has since been changed -RRB- said it came in a gift box and many of the reviewers prior to my order mentioned that the packaging was cute and made for a nice gift . I have contacted the seller twice and have not received a reply .
 I ordered the 5-piece place setting and love the pattern but the salad for and the dinner fork both had bent tines . I was able to straighten them out -LRB- somewhat -RRB- but was disappointed that the product was n't perfect with the price that was paid . I did not contact the company since I was able to bend the tines back in place . They might have replaced them for all I know . I usually do n't complain about anything and I hate to even put a negative remark out here but felt I needed to .
 I had to quit using the Lekue Silicone Super Flexible Oven Mitt . Taking a pan from a 400 degree oven always results in burned fingers . There is hardly enough time to move the pan to a countertop , and certainly no time to remove the contents while holding the pan . With my older cloth mitt I have no problem , but it 's hard to clean and showing it 's age.Silicone is good for resisting high temperatures , but the thermal transfer rate is too high for use as an oven mitt . Some sort of a thermal barrier needs to be used within a silicone shell.The good news is that the mitt is easy to clean . Currently using it as a K9 chew toy ...
 Threw it away when I could feel the burn through it ! Save your money and skip this one . Not worth the money . And definitely not worth the high shipping cost .
 The press makes a great cup of coffee , but the damn beaker will break if you breathe on it wrong . I have beer glasses that have dropped 3 feet onto a tile floor without even chipping . Why ca n't Bodum use some of this technology ?
 Works perfectly fine , but the replacement beaker costs almost the same as a brand new press . should have bought a new press instead and had a fresh plunger assembly to boot !
 Broke my 1st beaker banging my grinder on said beaker trying to get all the grinds out ... # 2 broke when I accidentally knocked the press pot off the counter . The beaker is n't strong enough for my style . `` Hey Bodum '' Just saying a thicker glass would serve me well .
 The capacity of this beaker is 32 ounces -LRB- 4 cups -RRB- , not 8 cups -LRB- 64 ounces -RRB- .
 This replacement beaker does not work with a locking lid french press even though it says compatible with all Bodum models .
 I made sure to order the right volume replacement beaker for the frame of my Bodum press , but it proved to be too small for the frame and a bit too narrow for the plunger -LRB- it could be forced through , but scraped the inside of the beaker -RRB- . The frame is a bit adjustable but tightening it down did n't suffice , the beaker slid out and broke while I was pouring from it just 2 days after it finally arrived . Tragic .
 THIS PRODUCT WAS EXACTLY THE RIGHT SIZE TO REPAIR MY OLD FRENCH PRESS COFFEE POT . IN SPITE OF OTHER REVIEWS , IT DOES NOT SEEM OVERLY FRAGILE . ACTUALLY THIS REVIEW IS NOT FOR THE 34 OUNCE REPLACEMENT BEAKER . WHICH I ORDERED BY MISTAKE , BUT FOR THE 12 CUP REPLACEMENT I ENDED UP BUYING
 I previously owned this item as part of a Bodum French Press I own . It seemed sturdy enough and I had it for several years -LRB- of which only the last 3 months I used it daily -RRB- . Eventually I poured water that was apparently too hot into the glass and it shattered . Understandable . I ordered this replacement glass and within two weeks it also shattered . Not from hot water but from a very light tap on the top of the glass while I was adding coffee grounds . This replacement does not appear to be as sturdy as the original glass -LRB- or maybe I just got lucky with the first one -RRB- . Do n't waste your money .
 I confess that I love my Bodum coffee press . But the beaker just breaks way too easily . Today , I was using a brand new one , and was stirring , contrary to the instructions , with a metal spoon . It was just a short handled tea spoon . I clicked the side of the beaker , and a quarter-sized piece of the glass , at the bottom , just seemed to pop out!Order these in pairs , and always have an extra or two on standby . And use a wooden or plastic spoon . The manufacturer should do the right thing and make a more substantial beaker .
 This product came in in a timely manner and without damage but turns out I could have got the very same item for $ 7.99 instead of $ 19.99 . Shame on you for outrages mark up , shame on me for not comparing prices before purchase . Buyer beware !
 I 'm done with glass beakers . My original Bodum beaker lasted a long , long time but the 2 most recent replacements have cracked too easily -- and I am very careful with them . Perhaps the glass is thinner on the new replacements . I should have followed my gut and bought the one from Planetary Design .
 I love these things but the glass beaker is far too fragile.It seems like the slightest bump causes the glass to crack or completely break .
 I got the replacement due to breakage of the original . The replace soon broke , too.I gave up . Did n't want to go to the plastic model .
 When I ordered this replacment I decided to order an `` unbreakable '' french press . It was cheaper than the Bodum french press and works just as well .
 The IKEA french press is $ 12.99 and the glass beaker fits into the Bodum perfectly ! That is all ...
 DO NOT BUY ANY BODUM COFFEE OR TEA PRESS THAT CONTAINS GLASS . BODUM USES A SPECIAL GLASS THAT IS EXTRAORDINARILY FRAGILE AND BREAKS FOR NO APPARENT REASON.I love Bodum Coffee Presses . But I would NEVER recommend anyone buy one with a glass beaker . You will need to replace the beaker frequently , since the special glass Bodum uses is extremely fragile , and breaks repeatedly for no apparent reason at all . I replaced four beakers , two glass tea presses , and several beakers from milk frothers in short order before giving up . Make no mistake , you do not have to bang the glass against anything for it to break . It simply cracks spontaneously for no apparent reasonBodum has come out with some presses with a LEXAN clear plastic beaker.These do not break . I assume they came out with the LEXAN product because of problems with the glass . Be warned .
 Wish I had taken the time to read the other customer reviews . Boy was I surprised when my `` 4 cup '' Bodum French press carafe arrived as a dinky 2 cup , but technically it 's a `` 3 cup '' . HA ! I HAD TO REORDER -- the really annoying thing is , I could have purchased a new one locally AND PAID LESS for the replacement after incurring 2 shipping fees + return shipping fee . So much for saving a few bucks . Lesson learned . A `` cup '' is not always a `` cup '' .
 I have owned 4 of these.The first one broke when I tipped it over and it shattered
 The coffee press operates very well , however the glass is so cheap it 's not worth it . Two of these broke for me with just regular use . I do not recommend . The second beaker broke within 2 weeks . I think they are using cheaper glass now . I called the company and there is no warranty . Bodum has lost my future business after selling products that are defective and not doing anything about it.I recommend the hard plastic GSI camping/backpacking models . They work great and wo n't break .
 Searching Google , Amazon displays Bodum replacement glasses at the top of the list and for the best price . BUT BEWARE ! Unlike the Bodum site , Amazon merely states the `` cup '' size - which is , at best , inaccurate . A Bodum `` cup '' is 4 ounces , not 8 . The Bodum site states all dimensions -LRB- diameter , height , fluid ounce capacity , `` cup '' description -RRB- , and costs only a little more.If you order with other items to save shipping -LRB- SuperSaver -RRB- , Amazon often has this item back-ordered -LRB- that was my experience and , in retrospect , what I found in the reviews -RRB- . That means you pay for the shipping , get the wrong item , and have to return it and pay for shipping again for the correct item.It would be nice to be able to order a simple replacement based on the item description and not have to read a review of a replacement glass for a coffee pot . A review for a book I can understand , but - PLEASE - this is a unique replacement item . It is possible at the Bodum site to find the correct description , but not here . There also does n't appear to be a way to suggest changes to the item description , so I am writing this negative review in hope that someone does not make the same mistake that I and many others ordering this item at Amazon have made .
 I am extremely unsatisfied with this product . The manufacturer does n't offer a warranty . Amazon replaced a beaker that broke with two months usage but that one broke in one week . It is not Amazon 's fault but it appears the beakers from Bodum are slightly out of round and the side just breaks out with a pop . The second one that broke was when it was room temperature and I was pulling the plunger out , as I always do . I never use metal or small grinds of coffee but I have had two beakers break on me , three if you include the first one that broke a couple of years ago . Instead of harassing poor Amazon to send me yet another beaker for free because this one broke in a week I bought a stainless steel press pot not from Bodum . Be careful what you order from Bodum . Their products are second class and their customer service is slow and unaccommodating .
 I 've used the brown unbleached filters before which worked better . These fit well but I 've had a problem with them becoming clogged in the bottom of the filter and not letting the coffee drain into the pot . It sits there like a little coffee pond . The repetitive clogging at the bottom makes for a much stronger pot of coffee than I usually prefer . It 's also a pain trying to fumble with the filter to get the water to drain out . Tried different grinding and coffee , but get the same results . I did n't have this problem with the equally expensive brown natural paper filters .
 The coffee brewed with these filters has a paper taste . These filters are not recommended .
 Not crazy about this product . The filters are not really pre folded . One side must be pulled open , which makes for an unbalanced and thicker filter on the other side . A true cone-shaped filter with equal thickness would be preferred .
 Very poor fitment in 8-cup CHEMEX -LRB- model CM-8A -RRB- Filter does not sit flush against sides of chemex and allows water to flow out of gaps along side . The shape of the filter is around a narrower angle then portion of the CHEMEX which holds the filter.box states `` designed to fit all CHEMEX coffee makers . -LRB- except pint sized models -RRB- `` Anyone else have this problem ?
 It is what is says , but is flimsy and comes apart easily . It was a waste of money . Do not purchase .
 The wires that hold the shoes are such that they can only fit small shoe pairs , or else you have to space them apart . On top of that one of the shelves/wires came disconnected from the bars . Just broke right off after 3 days . Total waste of money . There are much better rack designs from this same company . Just avoid this version .
 This product is possibly the cheapest thing I have ever owned . It 's very cheaply made and is made out of the thinnest metal possible . I almost broke it just trying to hang it . The fact that it says it will hold 18 shoes is BS . If you are using it for childrens shoes it might be possible . Normal sized shoes cant fit on the sides because there is not enough room . I do not recommend this item at all . I wish i had not bought it .
 first the hooks were too narrow for my door . also the shoe holders are so close together that you ca n't fit 3 pairs across unless you have womens shoes . also the construction is just bad . do not waste your money like i did
 Bought it to hang my collection of scarves . The screws are near impossible to get in . Out of four screws I only successfully screwed in one ; the other three are only partially screwed -LRB- hoping it will hold -RRB- . Not sure if it would support the weight of the shoes , but for the scarves it seems ok so far -LRB- couple hours -RRB- . I will probably reinforce the places its screwed with tape . It also snags my scarves as it has rough edges where the metal has been attached . This will probably not be a problem for shoes though . Overall , I would not say its a good purchase but not bad enough to deal with the hassle of returning . If you 're comfortable with the quality of product you 're getting and you 're not trying to hang something super heavy , it should be fine .
 This shoe rack is shoddy quality . The screws used to `` secure '' it together do not ever fully tighten . The rack feels wobbly and like it will fall apart if you were to fully load it with the number of shoes it claims to be able to hold . I returned it immediately -- did n't trust it to hold shoes overnight .
 Easily assembles & easily falls apart . Does not last . Rack attaching to door hooks always falls off.Making entire rack fall down . This and shoes falling down = danger for little ones . Do not buy !!!
 the racks will not stay in the holes they were designed for therefore the shoes stay on the floor anyway , even moved it to the back door of my scrapbook room but even that did not help it from falling apart constantly
 I got this star tray and the heart tray . I use both but getting the ice out of the star tray takes some wrist work . The heart tray works easily .
 I bought this one and the Penguin ice cube trays . The stars look awesome but are a real pain the a $ $ to get out of the tray , the penguins come out much easier .
 These things are so hard to remove from the tray , it 's not worth the effort . I 'd rather just have a warm drink .
 They look cute , do n't they ? Be warned ... they are quite soft , and have nearly no edge to guard against spills . You either have to under-fill them or be extremely careful moving them around after you fill them with water.Despite that , I was willing to work with them . Now I have two trays of ice ... and I 've so far gotten a total of two `` cubes '' worked free of them . Twisting , bending , pushing them from behind ; nothing seems to work very well to get the ice out . I gave up when my skin started sticking to the ice .
 too hard to push the ice out ! you 're better off buying a real ice maker or buy one of those bag of ice at the gas station .
 cute yes but I would have to have at least 5 like this in order to produce a significant amount of ice ...
 I thought I had gone to wine bottle opening heaven using this gadget . It opened bottles with very little effort for several months . But then it slipped the gear and is completely unusable . This time I 'm going to pay a little extra to get quality and a warranty .
 The corkscrew slipped a gear on the third bottle and it is now in the waste basket . It seized up while opening a bottle and enough pressure was applied to the handle to cause it to slip the gear . This unit operates with a smooth effort . If it seems to require additional force it is probably better to back off on the handle rather than pushing on it .
 After ordering it months ago , they still have n't shipped my item . They say it 's backordered and kepp pushing off the shipping dates . went to Ocean State Job Lots and bought the same one there for $ 7 and change !!!!
 The coffee is okay ... it 's not brilliant but then again if you want brilliant you tend to spend a lot more than this ... The problem with this item is that you can not pour out of it without coffee going everywhere ... well , you can , but it takes a very long , very slow pour to do it ... Would n't recommend ...
 This cabinet is made of a very cheap version of particle board covered by thin paper veneer . It is a total piece of junk . The shelves are not designed to take mixed media . I would not recommend this cabinet to my worst enemy .
 be aware if you are buying this product from Herbalific that they will send you manual shaker cup -LRB- value of 6 $ -RRB- instead of battery operated mixer despite the fact that product description clearly says ... `` Product Description
 You really do n't have any choice here.My water does n't need filtration , but without this filter , you ca n't correctly measure the water . If you have good water or good water filtration such asEverpure EV9612-11 H-104 Replacement Cartridge , you do n't need additional filtration.The price is egregiously high . It is like they are charging rent to use their excellentCapresso 485.05 MT600 Plus 10-Cup Programmable Coffee Maker with Thermal Carafecoffee maker .
 i ordered this wall scroll for my grandson , but he did not get it . they sent him cards instaed !
 Amazon obviously has a problem with this item . Even after talking to Customer Relations before I purchased this , the WRONG items came . 8 Place settings of the WRONG pattern . The return was a little bumpy , but it finally got returned . Now I see that it 's not currently available . I wish they said that before . Very disappointing Amazon performance this time .
 I ordered two sets of the Baroness ... received two boxes ... both were a different Royal Doulton design - the wrong pattern ! After three phone calls , finally got Amazon to pick up the boxes ... one at a time ... it took two months to get credited for both boxes ... look out , they just sent anything ... obviously did n't have the Baroness in stock ... it was a real hassle ...
 I wanted to expand my Baroness collection and purchased a ` Gold Box ' offer at a good price for the gravy boat and had the same problem as the other reviewers . Amazon shipped an item which was labelled as `` Baroness '' but was in fact a different pattern . I did n't blame Amazon for the initial problem because the box indicated that it was `` Baroness '' . The return though proved difficult . Amazon charged me a `` restocking '' fee but ultimately rescinded that charge when I complained.Royal Doulton declared bankruptcy so you can get much better prices at both the Royal Doulton Outlet Stores or at the company web site . I want to add that I love this product and own service for 14 . This is fine bone china and makes a tremendous presentation and I recommend it without reservation . Just do n't buy it from Amazon .
 How can anyone make a choice when you can not see what the other designs look like before purchase . I would be upset if I were the seller and my customers could not view anything other than the pine cone design.I moved on to other purchases and I will bet others did the same ...
 I had purchased this on price alone and while it provided many years of trouble free service , the waffles it produces are not the Belgian style that most people are used to . Even with a variety of batters it did n't produce a pleasing waffle . Spend a few extra dollars and get yourself a proper waffle maker .
 Admittedly this is a pretty inexpensive machine . Trouble is that the waffles it makes just really are n't ... waffles . I think that this machine is pretty much destined to stay in the cupboard . If you are chasing the taste of real waffles buy a real iron , or go to IHOP .
 I got this piece and could n't wait to try it out . In the oven it went at 325 degrees and BOOM , crack . To say I am disappointed is an understatement . I would return it , but it is a broken dangerous mess .
 The first thing I noticed when I got this pan home was that the tube insert was extremely warped . It was just shoddy workmanship and certainly showed little to no quality control . I also was surprised at how thin the metal was . It just looked and felt cheap . I hoped that would n't matter when baking a cake in it . After all , I told myself , Wilton is a well-known brand.After removing the cake from the pan , I saw that my concern about the warped insert was justified . The whole cake was tilted or crooked -- not something you 'd want to serve to guests . After frosting it , it looked even more crooked.And when cleaning up the pan , I found that it was very scratched up after only one use . That was enough to convince me that I would be returning this pan .
 Flimsy thin construction . Insert was warped and does n't seal properly . I found a sturdier pan at Sears with a lipped edge on the insert bottom that seals well and it was cheaper .
 I purchased this pan since because I do n't like the teflon coated ones , but it was incredibly poor quality . As some other reviewers have found , it did n't seal properly . Once it was in the oven it leaked everywhere . Even on a cookie sheet , most of the batter leaked out and burnt , which was terrible to clean . I 'm not sure of the cause ; perhaps slight warping that prevented a seal ? Regardless , Amazon was wonderful and accepted the defective product back . I would definitely not purchase this .
 As a previous reviewer stated , the tape and labels they use will not come off the pan . I have tried -LRB- as a commenter suggested -RRB- olive oil , canola oil , soap & water , lacquer thinner - no joy ! The darned label/tape glue is still on the pan !!! What a load !
 It 's my own fault for not realizing how tiny this pan is , but it is so small . I made a boxed angel food cake mix and had to do two batches because I only had this one pan .
 I have n't used the pan yet because there 's a sticker on both pieces of pan . The stickers should peel off easily but not so much . Do n't want to bake with bits of sticker on it but do n't want to SOS it and scratch it . So I am disappointed from the beginning .
 When receiving this product , I was shocked . First , no wrapping at all . Second , the product itself was a defected item . The center tube was bent . Stain , dust and scratches presented inside this pan .
 I bought this wilton angel food cake pan and a cuisinart spring form pan from Amazon . The wilton pan was for my daughter . It came dented and warpped . For the price that is charged for the pan I find the quality cheap lousy junk . You would think that Wilton would sell better quality . Who do you blame for the pan being dented like that , wilton or Amazon or the person who packaged it . The cuisinart was in perfect condition and made strong , well worth the money .
 I gave this pan as a Christmas gift . It LEAKS . It does NOT keep the cake mix in the pan as it should , and even if you put a cookie sheet under it , it will leak out the cake mix , and not raise as it supposed to . Of course this could be due to the fact that my first order came through without the bottom piece ... But I did return it for a complete set . Not sure now if it was a complete set , or just two different pieces of a set they put together?All in all , I would n't recomment this pan to anyone !
 This has to be the worse product I have ever purchased from your company . Most of the time I am more than pleased with what I buy at amazon.com . However this is a first , and I am extremely dissatisfied . I needed a 10 '' pan for fruit cake , and as I had purchased Wilton with success before I did not think twice about putting out for this pan . But as soon as I opened the box and saw the product I sensed I had made a mistake . It was inferior especially to my Chicago Metallic tube pan to any of my baking pans . It was too light weight , and poorly crafted . I went ahead with the cake any way , and boy was that a mistake . The cake browned way before it was done , and within 40 minutes and the baking time was to be 2 hours it showed signs of cracking . And to make matters worse it was hard as a rock . I thought Wilton was a top notch product . Now I know better . One mishap will not prevent me from shopping Amazon , but I will think again before spending money that I do not have on this brand . Thanks for previous great service , but this time you flopped . Perhaps I 'll use it for a door stop !
 This pan was a nightmare !! I went out and bought it especially to bake a special pound cake for Easter . Well , to begin with , some of the batter leaked onto my oven which meant that I had to clean the oven !!! I sprayed it with Wilton Easy Bake and heated the oven to 350 degress as called for in the recipe -LRB- from Southern Living Magazine -RRB- . I tested it at the time stated and it was not done as the tester came out `` wet '' . I let it cook for another 5 minutes until it came out `` clean '' . After cooling for 10 minutes on a rack the cake came out of the pan beautifully but was burned on the bottom and sides . It is my opinion that the pan is too thin to cook such a heavy batter and it did not cook the cake in the middle until the outside was burned . Well , I was so confident that it was exactly the pany I needed that I did not keep the receipt and now Michael 's -LRB- the store that I purchased it from -RRB- would not refund my money , only a store credit !!!! Was the problem the batter , the spray or what ? I really need to know the answer to this question as I would like to try the cake again and other pound cakes in that issue of the magazine . Please get back to me and I would appreciate something for my troubles . Thank you . joomac@aol.com
 The pan is great but for an item that you do n't grease for Angle Food the manufacture uses a glue for labels that does n't come off . I 've spent 45 minutes using hot water/soap , peanut butter and goo gone it wo n't come off the inside of the pan or the bottom of the pan even with scrapping . Once you bake in it with the glue you have a nice nasty brown spot . I will never buy another pan from Wilton with a glued in label .
 My old angel food pan rusted and when looking for a replacement I thought the idea to have feet on an angel food pan was great , so went with this ... bottom leaked the very first time . Did try it again with a pan underneath , but still a mess . Now it sits in the far corner of my cupboard - a waste of money , a waste of time -LRB- cleaning my oven after angel food cake spilled all over -RRB- , and a waste of space -LRB- soon it will unfortunately be a waste of space in a landfill ... I am finally going to just throw it away -RRB- .
 This leaked all over the place the first time I used it . I even put a cookie sheet under it and the batter leaked all over it . Very disappointing .
 The horse is an exact duplicate of the one my boss owns . It is a stunning piece and well worth the investment .
 Purchased this bath towel last year from a brick and mortar store . It looks great ; definately soft and luxurious to the touch . I did not purchase these towels for looks but because of the advertised `` Hydro Cotton '' which claims to suck up water quickly and efficiently . After repeated washing without using fabric softner on them , they just do NOT dry off the body thoroughly ! I can use the towel during the summer when drying off after a shower is not a problem but used it several times during the winter after a shower and burrrr ... ! I also noticed that when towel drying the body , the water tends to stay at the tips of the cotton loops so as the drying process is continued , the water seems to transport slightly onto different parts of the body which makes it a very cold process during the colder months . I would not recommend this towel .
 To begin with , I was thrilled at the price and size of these towels , now I 'm dismayed at the unraveling and inability to absorb . Do your purse a favor , look elsewhere for your next bath sheet .
 I ordered 4 of these towels and had high hopes based on the limited amount of reviews I found . I had actually checked them out at my local bed , bath store before purchasing them from Amazon to ensure they felt good . And they did . The only problem was the incredible amount of lint they gave off during each washing . I put them through the wash 3 times before contacting Amazon for a refund . Did I get a bad batch ? Guess I wo n't really know . I was disappointed .
 I bought two sets of these towels . One of the sets faded immediately upon the first use . The towels have a good feel , but do not dry a person especially well . That alone would have been tolerable , but the fading is a deal killer . Fading occurred while in use , before even washing for the first time.Would recommend you take a pass on these and pay a bit more for nicer towels that will last .
 These Towels develop big holes when washed . Avoid like the plague . Big Rip Off !
 Wanting a good set of matching towels i shopped around and decided on the Nautica brand . I did n't know much about different quality of cottons for bath towels but remembered Nautica being a well-known brand for water sports and went with them . They seemed quality and plush in the store but since I 've gotten them home they shed constantly . I 've now washed them three times and a good amount of lint comes out of the drier so I think i 'm getting most of it ... but NOOO . Everytime I dry off more lint comes off onto me and I have to use another one of my old towels to effectively get dry ... and clean . -LSB- ... -RSB- . I 'm tired of the towels copious sheddings & I want to take all of them back !
 The Nautica bath sheet makes many claims . Softer and fluffier after every washing ... maybe ; but as a towel , it is a failure . Its absorbency claims are overstated , in fact , they are pure fantasy . Toweling off with one of these bath sheets is akin to trying to dry oneself with a wet towel . The experience is most uncomfortable , damp and chilly . My 10 year old Castle bath sheets are FAR superior to these bad boys.Our cat enjoys Nautica bath sheets as warm and fluffy bed liners .
 I ordered 4 of these towels and had high hopes based on the limited amount of reviews I found . I had actually checked them out at my local bed , bath store before purchasing them from Amazon to ensure they felt good . And they did . The only problem was the incredible amount of lint they gave off during each washing . I put them through the wash 3 times before contacting Amazon for a refund . Did I get a bad batch ? Guess I wo n't really know . I was disappointed .
 I ordered 4 of these towels and had high hopes based on the limited amount of reviews I found . I had actually checked them out at my local bed , bath store before purchasing them from Amazon to ensure they felt good . And they did . The only problem was the incredible amount of lint they gave off during each washing . I put them through the wash 3 times before contacting Amazon for a refund . Did I get a bad batch ? Guess I wo n't really know . I was disappointed .
 Bought about 6 , and 1/2 of my order are filled with strings hanging out and it 's only been about 2 months . The strings are broken from the towel nap . With the brand name like Nautica , I was optomistic.Save yourself the trouble , is my little viewpoint .
 I was disappointed with the quality of these towels . I bought four because they were part of the four-for-three promotion . After washing and drying them , they came out of the dryer with pilling and stray threads . If I had bought them for other than use in a kid 's bathroom , I would be pretty irked . I did read the reviews -LRB- mixed -RRB- before I bought them , so I ca n't claim to be totally ignorant . I 'm hoping they improve with age like one reviewer mentioned . The bottom line
 These are beautiful towels and very soft but they just do n't absorb moisture after a shower . I 've laundered them several times -LRB- no fabric softener -RRB- hoping that it will change but so far , not so much .
 To begin with , I was thrilled at the price and size of these towels , now I 'm dismayed at the unraveling and inability to absorb . Do your purse a favor , look elsewhere for your next bath sheet .
 I bought 4 pcs and and I am so disappointed in these white towels . They are so flawed . There are pulled threads in all of the towels . Anyway , this is the only purchase at Amazon that I m disappointed so far .
 A completely versatile container for your cooking , freezing , and storage needs . I 've owned this product for just a few weeks , but it appears to be very durable and should provide continued service for years to come . Highly rated !
 I bought this pan because I trusted Emeril . I did n't think he would associate his name with any inferior product . Well , I was wrong . This skillet just does not deliver no matter what you do , and I have ruined my last expensive steak with this hunk of junk . Oh , and it weighs a TON.First off , it never seems to get hot enough no matter how long or how slowly you heat it . And if it does , it somehow manages to boil the meat in its own juices ! So mystified was I by this phenomenon that I actually studied it like a science project , taking notes . Here 's what I 've concluded
 I purchased the Emeril Cast Iron 10 '' square grill pan based on recommendations on Amazon . I found that the pan did not live up to myexpectations at all . I wanted to use it for smaller amounts of meat for my husband and myself without firing up the gas grill . I found that even using my gas stove on high , I could not get the pan hot enough to achieve grill marks without overcooking the meat . Despite the fact that it is advertised as preseasoned , I found that hamburgers stuck to it badly , and it was hard to clean without using soap . I plan to put it in the next garage sale . Not worth the space to store it .
 the finish on this pan is very rough , like sandpaper . i do not like it for that reason . the plus is it 's sq size . this is a size that is better for 2 people many pans are for larger size families . i would not reccomend this witout feeling it in perso in a store .
 I purchased this plastic mat for my son who 's in kindergarten and unfortunately , the mat was too short for him .
 I too have experienced problems with the coating wearing off and food sticking . No problems for 2 year , loved the pans ! I never used anything sharp or metal , never put them in a dishwasher , never stacked anything in them -LRB- they were hung -RRB- , never heated the pans empty or on full heat , there are no scratches at all , just an over all wearing.I thought these pans would at least last the length of their warrantee but no where near . Unfortunately I am now in New Zealand and it would n't be worth shipping them back to the USA even if I thought for a minute they would n't just claim it was my fault . I also have stainless steel All Clad pans purchased at the same time , 6 years ago , and they are still very much like new.I would n't recommend these pans at all . Go for All Clad or another brand entirely .
 I 've had a set of Emeril cookware for 8 years , and have been happy with it overall until recently , when the two pans that I use the most have begun to lose their non-stick coating . I have never put the pans in the dishwasher , only use plastic utensils , only clean them with a sponge , and never preheat the pans on their own . I 've continued to use the pans despite the deterioration of the coating , and one of the pans has now lost almost all of the coating.So here I am 8 years later without a receipt , and I 'm not sure if I can return the pans under warranty or not . At this point I 'm not sure if I can even donate them to Goodwill . I 'm also concerned that over the years , my family has been consuming this non-stick coating , and I 'm not sure that I 'd want to get a replacement from the manufacturer anyway . I am in the process of converting to cast iron or le Creuset cookware . I 've had some le Creuset pots for over 10 years that I use quite frequently , and they are still good as new.This is a nice set of cookware , but if you 're looking for something that `` lasts a lifetime '' as I was , I do n't think this is it .
 Adequate pan with lackluster browning . I prefer my All-Clad .
 I was really happy with this cooking set for a good number of years . So happy , in fact , that the 12 '' Fry Pan became my favorite cooking pan . As a result the non-stick wore off under the normal course of its lifetime.I was able to get an RMA for the pan , but it was returned to me with a letter stating that the browning on the pan indicates that it was subjected to overheat and as a result , the pan will not be replaced.Problem is , there is no browning on the pan , and I 've never overheated that pan . It runs at one temp and one temp only on my range and never empty.Do NOT buy this set if you expect , as I did , that the company will stand behind their product . In fact , I 'd stay away from Emerilware , T-Fal , All-Clad and Cephalon as the letter sent to me indicates that they are all the same , extremely non-customer focused , company .
 My husband and I chose this set because we wanted to get a healthier cooking set for our family . We both love the set . We have only had it for two weeks but have been very happy with the pieces . As written before the handles do get hot -- they are not covered with a heat resistant material . I expected that . We can not put them in the dishwasher , which I prefer and they still wash very easily . Yes , food gets stuck around the handle rivets -- I would rather have that than handles that are merely welded on and fall off easily . Wanting to keep the pans for more than a year , we only own wooden spoons and plastic spatulas . Tonight while washing the skillet , my husband noticed there are the beginnings of scratches on the bottom . Considering how careful we are -- these were an expensive purchase for us -- we are shocked . If these are going to scratch that easily , I do n't know what we did wrong , we 're going to return them and get the same thing but the Costco brand at a much lower cost .
 This toasted sandwich maker only heat the bread wont toast it very thing comes out soggy , if any one can tell how to toast with this tell mepaul
 Purchased this bath towel last year from a brick and mortar store . It looks great ; definately soft and luxurious to the touch . I did not purchase these towels for looks but because of the advertised `` Hydro Cotton '' which claims to suck up water quickly and efficiently . After repeated washing without using fabric softner on them , they just do NOT dry off the body thoroughly ! I can use the towel during the summer when drying off after a shower is not a problem but used it several times during the winter after a shower and burrrr ... ! I also noticed that when towel drying the body , the water tends to stay at the tips of the cotton loops so as the drying process is continued , the water seems to transport slightly onto different parts of the body which makes it a very cold process during the colder months . I would not recommend this towel .
 To begin with , I was thrilled at the price and size of these towels , now I 'm dismayed at the unraveling and inability to absorb . Do your purse a favor , look elsewhere for your next bath sheet .
 I ordered 4 of these towels and had high hopes based on the limited amount of reviews I found . I had actually checked them out at my local bed , bath store before purchasing them from Amazon to ensure they felt good . And they did . The only problem was the incredible amount of lint they gave off during each washing . I put them through the wash 3 times before contacting Amazon for a refund . Did I get a bad batch ? Guess I wo n't really know . I was disappointed .
 I bought two sets of these towels . One of the sets faded immediately upon the first use . The towels have a good feel , but do not dry a person especially well . That alone would have been tolerable , but the fading is a deal killer . Fading occurred while in use , before even washing for the first time.Would recommend you take a pass on these and pay a bit more for nicer towels that will last .
 These Towels develop big holes when washed . Avoid like the plague . Big Rip Off !
 The Nautica bath sheet makes many claims . Softer and fluffier after every washing ... maybe ; but as a towel , it is a failure . Its absorbency claims are overstated , in fact , they are pure fantasy . Toweling off with one of these bath sheets is akin to trying to dry oneself with a wet towel . The experience is most uncomfortable , damp and chilly . My 10 year old Castle bath sheets are FAR superior to these bad boys.Our cat enjoys Nautica bath sheets as warm and fluffy bed liners .
 I ordered 4 of these towels and had high hopes based on the limited amount of reviews I found . I had actually checked them out at my local bed , bath store before purchasing them from Amazon to ensure they felt good . And they did . The only problem was the incredible amount of lint they gave off during each washing . I put them through the wash 3 times before contacting Amazon for a refund . Did I get a bad batch ? Guess I wo n't really know . I was disappointed .
 I ordered 4 of these towels and had high hopes based on the limited amount of reviews I found . I had actually checked them out at my local bed , bath store before purchasing them from Amazon to ensure they felt good . And they did . The only problem was the incredible amount of lint they gave off during each washing . I put them through the wash 3 times before contacting Amazon for a refund . Did I get a bad batch ? Guess I wo n't really know . I was disappointed .
 Bought about 6 , and 1/2 of my order are filled with strings hanging out and it 's only been about 2 months . The strings are broken from the towel nap . With the brand name like Nautica , I was optomistic.Save yourself the trouble , is my little viewpoint .
 Wanting a good set of matching towels i shopped around and decided on the Nautica brand . I did n't know much about different quality of cottons for bath towels but remembered Nautica being a well-known brand for water sports and went with them . They seemed quality and plush in the store but since I 've gotten them home they shed constantly . I 've now washed them three times and a good amount of lint comes out of the drier so I think i 'm getting most of it ... but NOOO . Everytime I dry off more lint comes off onto me and I have to use another one of my old towels to effectively get dry ... and clean . -LSB- ... -RSB- . I 'm tired of the towels copious sheddings & I want to take all of them back !
 I was disappointed with the quality of these towels . I bought four because they were part of the four-for-three promotion . After washing and drying them , they came out of the dryer with pilling and stray threads . If I had bought them for other than use in a kid 's bathroom , I would be pretty irked . I did read the reviews -LRB- mixed -RRB- before I bought them , so I ca n't claim to be totally ignorant . I 'm hoping they improve with age like one reviewer mentioned . The bottom line
 These are beautiful towels and very soft but they just do n't absorb moisture after a shower . I 've laundered them several times -LRB- no fabric softener -RRB- hoping that it will change but so far , not so much .
 To begin with , I was thrilled at the price and size of these towels , now I 'm dismayed at the unraveling and inability to absorb . Do your purse a favor , look elsewhere for your next bath sheet .
 I bought 4 pcs and and I am so disappointed in these white towels . They are so flawed . There are pulled threads in all of the towels . Anyway , this is the only purchase at Amazon that I m disappointed so far .
 The picture was not sharp enough to indicate that the edge was not deeply fluted , as I had hoped . Chantal had produced what I was hoping to find , but the two that I bought were not it . I was disappointed but decided to keep them , thinking that the older model may not be available any longer .
 I have washed it five times , and it still bleeds red and stains the other items in the wash . Otherwise , it is a nice tablecloth . As I ca n't trust myself to always remember to wash it by itself , the product is worthless to me .
 If you are looking for something to sit on your bar as display , this may be the right item for you . It 's really pretty at first glance , but once you pick it up you will notice that it is extremely light and almost plastic feeling and sounding . I bought this as a gift for Christmas and did n't end up giving it because of how cheap it felt .
 This Decanter was n't the quality I thought it would be . . Just a little too light . I would hold out for a better quality one . I was afraid when used it would break . But you get what you paid for and it was pretty cheap .
 False advertising alert : This item is NOT made in Italy , you will know when you receive the package , if you insist on buying it.Secondly , the decanter feels like , sounds like and looks like ordinary glass , although they said this is `` crystal-glass '' in the title , I can only classify it as misleading instead of false advertising on this part.I decided to return it within 15 seconds of examining the item .
 Ordered this item on Dec 31st and it still has n't shipped ? No word , no update ? I did n't realize there was a run on wine decanters . I should have bought it at the mall .
 Careful - the picture and description are misleading . All this seller seems to be selling is the interior plastic dividers , not the box itself , despite what is pictured and described . I ordered two , and when I asked where the rest of the order was , I received no reply . It was a Christmas gift , and I did n't have time to pursue the matter before Christmas , so I let it go , but I was left with a slightly cheated feeling .
 I was very disappointed when the roaster buffet trays arrived . They were very shallow . I sent them back .
 Son in law was n't to thrilled with this product . I purchased it for him for christmas .
 My husband and I make pizza twice a week and use this to roll out our 100 % whole wheat crust . Before we purchased this little piece of work we had used the same roller for 3 years . We used this for about two months before it broke . Basically , we got what we paid for .
 I make a lot of cinnamon rolls . I broke my Norpro roller -LRB- the large end detached -RRB- so I thought this one would be better as it looked like the metal goes all the way through . Unfortunately the two pieces of metal that go through the handle disconnected from each other & / or the wood and now the who , e thing swivels around when I try to use it . Back to the search for one that is made for a more serious user ...
 Pass on this if you 're looking for something to use beyond 6 months . I used it everyday , and honestly , 6 months of use was pushing it . Finish flaked right off and into our food . Teflon and aluminum in our food . If you 're concerned about cooking with oil , check into the benefits of certain oils , such as grape seed , rice bran , etc. .
 I order Aloha Island Coffee all the time , even though it 's ridiculously expensive , I think it 's definitely worth it . I 've tried most of their flavors and I love them all -- until I got to this one.For some reason , the vanilla flavored coffee pods are a hit or miss . Some are delicious -LRB- like Melitta 's and Cafe One -RRB- and others are horrible -LRB- like Folgers and Senseo -RRB- . Unfortunately , this brand may be worse than Senseo French Vanilla . For one thing , it 's extremely strong and bitter . It also does n't taste like vanilla at all -- more like burnt plastic.Obviously , everyone 's taste is different , so if you really want to try it , I 'd recommend getting a variety pack with the flavor first , and then ordering the 14 pod pack , so you know for sure if you like it or not .
 Much to week ok for some one who enjoys vey mild coffee taste have to use two pods for a cup of coffee
 While I enjoy Senseo-brewed coffee generally , the breakfast blend is far too weak . I might as well be drinking hot water colored brown . I recommend that either you tell the manufacturer to make it stronger or you advise your customers to brew it in combination with a very dark blend -LRB- like espresso roast -RRB- .
 I was really happy to see this coffee for such a great price . I even got a better price using the additional Senseo coupon code.As soon as I got the pods I brewed my first cup of ... `` the weakest coffee ever except for when I forgot to add the coffee to the coffee maker . '' I was really disappointed.After reading the package I discovered I could use two pods to improve the flavor . Of course this also doubled the price making the deal not so good after all . Using two pods was a little too strong for my taste . Senseo rates the coffee as between mild and med . It was VERY , VERY mild!In all fairness to this product , I purchased these pods to use with my EZ-Cup in my Keurig . So perhaps they would make better tasting coffee in the Senseo pod coffee maker .
 This coffee blend is not worth the money .10 % Kona , but 90 % Columbian , not what I want inKona coffee .
 I bought this coffee based on the reviews that I read . This is one of the weakest coffees that I had ever tasted . I had to use two pods to taste the hazelnut and vanilla essence . I would n't recommend this to anyone . What a waste !!!!
 I had high hopes for Senseo 's expansion into the world of Kona coffee , but I was quickly disappointed . There is very little if any real Kona flavor in these pods . Again you get what you pay for with the Senseo brand coffees -LRB- however I do love my Senseo machine -RRB- .
 Interesting . I received notice that this item was no longer available to me -LRB- subscription -RRB- , but I get a `` review '' request after the subsription was cancelled by amazon . Now I have 2 Senseo units that I can no longer get pods for -LRB- I guess only from the mfg. -RRB- The cost is outrageous , and the coffee pods , although convienient , is just not that great . maybe 1 step above instant coffee ... guess I am being forced to get a Keurig after all . Gee . . Nice .
 I 'm really not a coffee snob and only drink about 1 cup or so a day but this coffee was not so great . I do not like strong coffee but found I needed to use two pods for an 8oz cup and it still had a `` watery '' taste even though the coffee in the cup was very dark and appeared rich tasting . I wish they made a reusable pod for my Hamilton Beach model # 49970 so I could grind my own coffee . I can not recommend this coffee . Very disappointed . I 'm going to try a different blend and hope for a better cup of coffee to start my day . Boo-hiss on this one !
 Well , the reviews were really good for this coffee , so I decided to buy in bulk . Big mistake . Maybe my taste is just different , but this tasted like the taste in my mouth after a night of whiskey and cigarettes . Will never buy this again .
 I wanted to try a flavored coffee pod for my Senseo machine . I purchased hazelnut and was disappointed that I could n't taste any hazelnut flavor at all ! It does n't taste bad , but it tastes just like regular coffee with no hint of hazelnut . What 's with that ?
 I ordered the pods on Monday and it is now Friday night and the status has stated that it was `` shipping soon '' since Wed so it will not let me cancel the order ! I still have no clue when this will really ship !
 Not as good quality as the regular flavors of Senseo coffees and we have had our machines for over 6 years ... Medium and Dark Roast , Kona and Breakfast blend are by far the best . Sumatra is good also if you like dark rich coffee ... Love the ease of the pod system but will probably go to the K-Cups ! Just not available enough anymore .
 I always enjoy Senseo 's coffee and have tried Breakfast Blend before . Showhow these batch I received was n't very good . Makes me think of the coffee I get from gas station ... Although fresh out but tasteless.And Amazon does n't allow return of these !
 If you are looking for a Kona blend that actually tastes like a Kona blend , pass this one by . Maybe it sat next to a bag of Kona in the warehouse , but that 's about as close as it comes.Kona is smooth , and never bitter . This stuff just tastes like an ordinary slightly bitter medium roast coffee . Wo n't be buying this again ...
 I a using these pods in my single cup coffee maker and if I could use 2 and not cause the water to overflow I would . This coffee is very weak .
 I Did n't like this coffee . I 'm used to the dark roast and this coffee is just too bland and weak for my taste .
 then this is n't for you . Horrible after bite that gives it a unique flavor that I definately do n't care for ... not to say that you will not however . If you are in search of a generic oriented flavored coffee , this is n't the one to try .
 THE COFFEE MAKER WORKS FINE . I AM NOT IMPRESSED WITH THE TASTE OF THE COFFEE . IT TASTES TOO MUCH LIKE INSTANT .
 I am a coffee snob , but someone had recommended this system to me . bought the coffee maker and the pods , and after trying it on and off for six months , gave it all away .
 I chose this rating because they quit handling this ! And could n't find any where else on line so quit using !!
 Senseo Sumatra Blend neither smells nor tastes like true Sumatra Mandheling . It tastes more like a stronger -LRB- barely -RRB- Breakfast Blend with an acidic aftertaste . This is a bland , boring , characterless coffee . In addition , the Senseo pods are very thin , with very little coffee in them , causing a very weak brew even on the 5 oz . setting . For a much better Sumatra Mandheling , stick to Java One or Molto .
 When in the hell did this coffee skyrocket it 's prices ?? Previously we had bought some for the same price as all their other flavors -LRB- around 36 bucks or so -RRB- . Now this medium roast is over 95 dollars for the same thing ?? WTF ?! This just totally stops me from ever getting this brand again.Heck , it 's cheaper in the long run to switch over to another style of coffee maker -LRB- with the small cups -RRB- and forego this . I do n't know what caused this price increase but I am willing to bet it will kill sales .
 I used to have no problem with these , until one day on an impulse I decided to give Target 's Archer Farms brand coffee pods a try -LRB- breakfast blend aka medium roast -RRB- . They cost less , are bigger , individually wrapped and produce a much smoother coffee . Now I ca n't drink Douwe Egberts anymore and am hooked on Archer Farms .
 The Senseo machine shipped with two 18-pod samples packs , light roast and medium roast . Excited about my new machine , I brewed my first cups of coffee only to be disappointed , not by the machine itself -LRB- awesome ! -RRB- , but by the quality of the coffee . The light roast was so-so , and the medium TERRIBLE . I quickly ordered the dark to compare , and can now HIGHLY recommend the dark roast over the other two options . The dark also works the best in espresso-like brewing mode , using two-pods with the 1-cup setting . It 's still not the best coffee out there , and I 'm looking forward to comparing with the upcoming podhead.com pods .
 The expiration date was too soon . The package comes with 4 bags , 16 pods in each bag ; 64 pods altogether . The expiration date was 5 weeks away . Do the math ... I have to use 2 pods per day in order to use it all before it expires . I do n't necessarily want to have the same flavor coffee twice a day for the next 5 weeks .
 Senseo Douwe Egberts Medium Roast CoffeePlease check your records . I have never received this merchandise . I have already written to Amazon requesting a reimbursement . Thank you .
 Great product but a lousy price . The grocery store has the same product for $ 4.25 compared to $ 5 here .
 These machines are great , unfortunately the coffee used in the Douwe Egberts pods is horrible . I was going to get rid of my machine until a friend brought over some different pods . I suggest spending a little extra money and buying quality pods - the difference is markedly different . I personally buy mine from www.familyroast.com as they have a cool story but lots of people are making pods that fit this machine now . For what its worth - I hope it helps .
 Recently I ended up trying out the Senseo system , and I tried it with the Douwe Egberts medium roast pods . Normally I drink cold-brewed Toddy coffee , and even though I 'm sensitive to bitterness and acid levels in coffee , I can drink that with just dairy , no sugar . I immediately needed quite a bit of sugar for this coffee -- and then I had to start drinking half my usual amount of coffee . It was so bitter I almost could n't drink it . It was so acidic it made my stomach hurt . And it was so caffeinated I got the shakes that first time.The problem was , I had no idea if this was a result of the Senseo process -LRB- the Toddy 's cold-brew method does result in a less bitter , less acidic , less caffeinated coffee than normal -RRB- or the coffee brand . So , I ordered the EcoPad refillable pods -LRB- 2 to a pack , very inexpensive -RRB- and tried it with the same coffee I use with the Toddy . It tasted slightly weak , oddly ; however , it was enough for me to realize that the main problem was the Douwe Egberts coffee . If you really love the harsher Starbucks types of coffees , which I do n't , I think you 'll enjoy it . But if you have acid stomach problems or just do n't like bitter coffee , I do not recommend using DE medium roast coffee pods with your Senseo .
 I bought these pods on Amazon because they were a dollar cheaper than at the local grocery store . Now I know why . When I opened the package the Senseo Watermark was faint or hardly visable and it took me 3x the amount of pods to make a decent cup of coffee . Buyer beware , I am back to buying pods at the grocery store .
 I am completely disappointed in this product . Got the machine at a second hand store to try it out . Let 's make it short and say save your money . The senseo pods are stale right out of the package . I have been drinking coffee for a long time and know that it will taste as good as it smells out of the package . SO if you smell dry cereal or grain instead of rich sweet coffee before you brew it , you know what you 're in store for .
 As much as I have enjoyed senseo coffee pods the last 10 years ... the hazelnut was not as strongly flavored as I had hoped for ... I was looking for the cappucino -LRB- which they still sell in Europe -RRB- ... ray
 Only received one bag instead of 4 - I feel this was intentionally deceptive . It is complete rip off - Do n't fall for it
 I love this coffe but recieved it with an expired date , called customer service they sent it out again , and again it was expired .
 It took two adults with college and medical degrees several times to figure out the proper positioning of the can-cutter blade . The safety edge resealable top is a nice feature but the edge of the can is sharp and anything but safe . Basicaly a good product , especially because it is n't electric dependent but the product and manual need reworkPolly OasLas Vegas , NV
 These sheets were pretty rough , I 'm not sure I 'm ever going to use them they feel that uncomfortable . It 's like that paper that doctors put down on the table before you sit . Just not fun to sleep on .
 We have purchased 2 different Kenmore Progressive vacuum cleaners , one for personal use and one for our church . WARNING !!! The Handi-Mate JR is well made , however , be warned that the belt on it is very thin and flimsy and will not last long . There is NO replacement belt for this attachment . Sears considers this a throw-away item and wants you to buy a whole new Handi-Mate JR attachment at anywhere from $ 24 - $ 50 , depending on the model number of the sweeper -LRB- for exact same attachment , different prices -RRB- . We are happy with the sweeper , however , we are VERY UNHAPPY with this attachment .
 I had the same issue with the handi-mate attachment about 1 year after purchase . This , coupled with the fact that my Kenmore washer and dryer lasted only 7 years -LRB- leaving rust colored streaks on our clothing -RRB- means that I will NEVER purchase another Kenmore/Sears product !!!
 My old iron recently broke so I bought this one thinking that it would be great . It is not . It routinely pours water out of the steam holes essentially drenching the clothes and ironing board . The iron with shut off mid use and the only way to turn it back on is to unplug it for several seconds and replug it in . The steam settings seam to have no effect on the amount of steam -LRB- or water -RRB- it expels and the you are required to go over wrinkles multiple times to get them out . I also bought a Euro-Pro Shark vaccuum that has had nothing but problems . I can not recommend this iron nor any products by them . I ended up pitching this iron -LRB- after only 3 months -RRB- and bought a Black and Decker instead .
 I hate , hate , hate this iron . Hate it !!! Is that emphatic enough ? Hate it!Domesticity is such a drag that I 'll entertain any hope of `` effortless '' housekeeping -LRB- I know , I know , total oxymoron -RRB- . And the Euro-Pro Shark looked good -- wide base , nice weight , which meant less force necessary . The price at the time I bought it was 39.99 . I would have had better returns on Lotto tickets.Any time I try to use the steam setting , Euro-Pro Shark 's Gentle Glide iron spits and drools on my clothes . Not little leaks either . Serious incontinence . Additionally , the three-footed base is poorly constructed and the little rubber pads come off easily -LRB- OK , so I dropped it -- ca n't blame that on Shark , but still , one likes a little resiliency ... and yes , it was leaking loooong before I dropped it , heck , it actually leaks less now -- ca n't wait to see what it does when I throw it -RRB- . The heat settings are fine , but the timed turn-off seems to be less than five minutes , and if the automatic shut-off has been activated , you have to unplug , then plug the iron in again in order to turn it on . And wait for it to heat up . Not effortless.Because of the major leaking problem , I both wrote and called Euro-Pro using the numbers on the website and user 's manual . Nobody home . No replies . Sham operation ? I have no idea , but I think it 's safe to say that the customer is not a priority .
 This iron will drench your clothes . It does n't know the difference between steam and flood . Awful . It also will shut off and the on light will blink red . Zero explanation for what this means in any manual anywhere . Do not buy this iron .
 I am not sure if this is the exact model I bought a little over a year ago , but the model I have looks very similar . What an awful excuse for an iron . Water floods out of all the crevises -LRB- where it is not supposed to come out -RRB- , even when set at dry ironing . I totally quit using steam and just spray my clothes with a water bottle to steam them . I would advise staying AWAY from this iron .
 I wish I had read the other reviews before I bought this iron when my old one died . My old iron was a cheap Sunbeam which lasted for years.This is the worst iron I have ever used . This iron will not get wrinkles out , even with the setting as high as it will go and steam on full blast . When ironing the thinnest of fabrics , this iron still leaves wrinkles . The base will not sit properly on the ironing board , so it 's always falling over - really hazardous . I have n't had the major leaking problem that others have experienced , but it would n't surprise me if that happens next.What 's the point of making an iron that ca n't iron ? It 's useless , and now I have to buy a new iron , after only having had this one for a couple months .
 This is the 2nd time in 3 years that I have stupidly purchased a Shark iron . When the first one broke , I did n't complain - just ran out to the store and bought a new one , which incidentally happened to be another Shark . Now this second one is suddenly not working , even though I have cared for it very carefully . I called customer service to see how they could help me ... and get this ... they want me to not only pay to ship it back , but also to pay to repair it . OUCH ! I have never , ever , ever experienced a combination of such shoddy products and poor customer service in my life . Watch out for Shark irons - they are pure junk .
 After busting the one i had , i saw this one on sale and decided to take two since it was cheap . just like any reviews i 've read bout this iron , just now , i have the same exact problems.it spits out water and give your clothes these water stains and ruins the look . u 'd have to look for another pair to wear.the iron is light weight and easy enough to use but the fact that it spits at ur clothes is not kool . i would not recommend this to anyone . if i could choose half a star i would .
 My experience is the same . I bought this iron on sale at Macy 's and it has never worked correctly . It does n't heat up enough to remove the wrinkles from my clothing . After six months I 've given up and am pitching the iron into the trash . Just yesterday I replaced it with a less expensive Sunbeam brand . What a waste of money , not to mention the aggravation .
 This is an awful iron . It does nothing but drench your clothes in water . This thing is not 25 cents . Turning off the steam makes absolutely no difference , either way your clothes will get soaked . Avoid this iron like the plague .
 Perfect size for me , cheery to look at , pours very well , but developed rust spots on the interior during the first week
 When our landlord started charging for gas but not for electricity , we bought three oil-filled DeLonghi heaters -LRB- TRN1015T -RRB- . They were delightful for the first two weeks , then became increasingly noisy -LRB- one developed an annoying humming , vibrating sound , another an annoying clicking in the timer , and the third one had both sound effects -RRB- . They all limped along past the 12 month warranty , but another 6 months of intermittent use later , two of them are dead . I 'll stay away from DeLonghi from now on .
 The heater does not function well . The foot button is very diffifult to use and requires using my hands repeatable to get it to turn on or off . The timer is a sometimes thing ... not very reliable . I am very tech savvy and did n't get much help from the manufacturer . I had selected this product based on a prior purchase from the manufacturer which was a good product .
 I received this product in good shape . However , it makes loud noises when it is heating , almost like fire cracker . Had to return and get a replacement.Amazon provided excellent service . Quickly shipped a second one and took the first one back without charging me shipping .
 I was thinking `` looks great ! '' I want a heater that has oil filled . `` It has a timer great ! '' But the timer is not the `` I want it on for 2 hours then turn it off kind '' it 's the `` I want it on between this hour and that hour every day '' kind . A foot peddle On/Off . Wonderfull I do n't have to bend down . Did you notice the thing has wheels ? Easy to transport , moves even whial you are trying to turn it on . I say trying because I have to step on it 3 or 4 times to get it to , turn on , change modes , to turn off . This is the second we send the first one back because the foot peddle on/off did n't work at all . I might buy another heater from Deonghi , but not this model . What are you thincking ?
 I ordered this from Amazon and received it in about 2 days . Unfortunately the foot pedal is broken , so I have to return it . My other DeLonghi has lasted for about 20 years , so I will get a different model .
 Looking at the picture , it seems that the numbers would be visible at night . They are not and that was the whole point for my daughter to have a clock - so she would n't get up at 5 am - she can look at the clock and see that the first number is not a 7 , so do n't get up ... . however , for her to view the numbers in the dark , she has to push down on the clock for the light to come on and it only stays on as long as she is pushing on it . The Dora is already detatching from the base , the screw comes up from the bottom and I would have to take the clock apart to try to screw it back in ... . not a good value ! JUNK !!
 We had a 10-year-old Spacemaker Can Opener that we liked . It died recently , and we purchased the less-costly version of this model at the large superstore near our home . I am a handyman -LRB- we built our own home -RRB- and this new model will NOT mount properly on European-style kitchen cabinets -LRB- with a full-overlay door -RRB- ! I could make a shim to mount it perhaps 3 '' below the cabinet , but that would be ridiculous . The mounting for this uses four screws through the base of the cabinet , but there are two front screws within 1/2 '' of the front of the unit . And the lever swings up 1 '' ABOVE the top of the unit to insert a can . So the front two mounting screws would need to be mounted into the bottom edge of the cabinet door , or the can opener can not be used ! The printed installation instructions do point out to be sure that the can opener is mounted close enough to the front of the cabinet so that the lever will clear the front of the door . But in doing this , the front two screws can not be used . So it is going back to the store . What is wrong with B&D Engineering ?
 When I remodeled my kitchen I decided to go with black & stainless appliances . It was hard to find an under counter can opener in the colors I wanted and that I thought would match the excellent service my previous B&D spacemaker gave me for over 18 yrs . But when I found this one I thought my luck could n't get any better . That is until my husband tried to install the thing . None of the holes matched up to the previous spacemaker and because of the handle hitting the bottom of the cabinet door he had to put spacers between the opener and the cabinet which looks unsightly . Then I tried using it . What a nightmare ! The cutting element falls off too easily , it 's extremely slow when cutting , not only does it not hold up a medium or large can while cutting -LRB- if you can even get the can started -RRB- , it leaves a really dangerous ragged edge on the lid and metal shavings all over the counter when you 're finished . Why could n't B&D just leave well enough alone . If it 's not broken , DO N'T FIX IT ! I want an under counter opener in these colors but this thing is going in the trash . If I could give less than 1 star I would . VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 This can opener does NOT open cans ! AND since that 's why I purchased it -- I am very disappointed ! I have to ` try ' to open a can over 10 times ... it wo n't pierce the can ... and then I have to use my old HAND HELD MODEL ! What 's up with that?If I were a customer ... reading these reviews and considering this ... I would forget it and NOT order it ! KEEP LOOKING FOR A DIFFERENT PRODUCT !!
 I also have had a B&D can opener for many years and recently it played out . My son and Daughter In Law gave me this new one for Christmas . It took two men and a boy to install it and it does not work at all like the old one . I am very disappointed in B&D for this appliance . It must have been Chinese that engineered this product . Give me one like the old one !!!!!
 When we remodeled our kitchen , I wanted to replace our old white Black & Decker Spacemaker can opener . The old one was a workhorse that we had had for about 15 years with never a problem . But I wanted a black on and this one looked just our old one so figured it would work the same . . but , nope ! It 's a piece of junk and is going into the garbage as soon as I can find a replacement . You have to push the can over to the left slightly as you press the lever to lower the cutter into the can . If you do n't do it just right , the opener wo n't work . I often have to take it out and start again several times when trying to open a can . Buyer beware !
 This was a fantastic can opener , I even rated it and chastised the other reviewers for being to `` picky '' Well I have had this can opener for almost a year now , and it hardly works anymore . The blade very frequently does not puncture the can and just scrapes the top of it , I have to jiggle it around to get it to puncture , and once it does , it does not rotate the can .
 I had a black and decker can opener for years that worked great . I have to use a hand opener as this one just does not open cans . I 'm very dissapointed .
 this item was not even able to open 1 can without me turning it to help it out
 It was difficult to install because it dose n't work well on cabinets with over hangs .
 Bought this for my daughter because she wanted an under-counter can opener , as she does n't have much counter space . Maybe lasted a year .
 I am so utterly disappointed that you sent me this item without the necessary screws and even the instruction manual . I ordered and paid for a new item and certainly I deserve to get what I paid for , not this unusable item which I can not even install properly ! And to be bothered to send it back is just so inconvenient even as it is so inconsiderate of the seller .
 Poorly engineered can opener.It is VERY difficult to get a can started . If you keep trying , after a dozen or two dozen tries you 'll get the can to open . . But you would have saved much time and frustration using your old hand held opener.Very disappointing design .
 This is the second Black and Decker Can Opener I have had in two months and this one quit working on 1/17/08 . The first can opener motor was not functional coming out of the box !! Very unhappy with this product
 This thing ca n't even perform its basic function of opening cans . Worked for about 2 months , but the plastic part that holds the cutter in place is - well , made of plastic ; really cheap plastic - so one of the little tabs bent out of place , and voila ! No more can opener . If you want to impress friends and neighbors with your useless-but-pretty under-counter can opener , then by all means buy this worthless junk . Just be sure to buy a manual can opener as a backup .
 This can opener took forever to install and now that it is installed does n't work well AT ALL . if it actually decides it 's going to hold a can it drops it as soon as its done opening it . I will be staying away from the Black and Decker brand from here on out !
 Impossible to mount under a normal cabinet . May be possible in Chinawith their cabinets , but not in the USA .
 My prior B&D ; can opener was simple and easy to work . This new one requires much more involvement with placing cans properpy and hold down the lever to keep it working , and the cutting blade pops out easily.Give me back my old model .
 I should have purchased a manual can opener , It would have work better that this garbage.The sad thing is , I spent $ 19 for it , could have used this money to buy toilet paper.Ahhhhh , mine is going in the garbage , not worth it , to return it back to amazon .
 The opener would not fit under the lip of the counter and had to be returned .
 This thing is gutless . It will barely , and frequently does n't finish opening the can before it just quits and grinds away . It is very difficult to get the can to attach to the blade , and even when you it will not work . I am very disappointed in the product . I have used B & D can openers for years , but never had one that was so hard to work .
 Previously we owned a Black and Decker space saver electric can opener . We used it for years until it died . The only thing I did n't like about it was trying to clean the opener part and blade . I ordered this as a replacement . It is horrible . It takes me longer to get the cans to open than it does to pull out a hand held opener and twist it manually around the can top . I would n't recommend to anyone . I would send it back , but I threw away the box before I tried it .
 I purchased this item less than a month ago . It is difficult to mount . Yes , it came with `` adapters '' but they are not sufficient . It does n't leave enough room to fully extend the arm of the unit . Also the magnet that hangs onto the lids fell off already . Cheap Cheap CHEAP product . Look elsewhere .
 I gave this can opener one star because it looks nice -LRB- and because Amazon does n't allow `` 0 '' stars -RRB- . Unfortunately , I did not purchase it as `` Kitchen Art '' but rather to open cans . Technically , it does n't even save counter space as I now have to replace it after fewer than 1 dozen cans ! Amazon 's exchange/refund policy would not cover it -LRB- because it stopped working after a little more than 30 days after I received it , although I was n't able to actually install/use it for a couple of weeks after it arrived -RRB- . I wish I had listened to the reviewers that noted that it did n't work . B&D is IMPOSSIBLE to contact for a return/refund . This was a total waste of my money .
 This can opener worked for about a week , then it stopped working . I have been using a hand held opener ever since . I would not recommend anyone buying this can opener !
 This under-cabinet B&D ecker ; -LRB- black/stainless -RRB- can opener is poor quality in comparison to the last one I had.We 've purchased alot of B&D ; products over many years and on most of them the quality has dropped over time and as usual the price goes up.My old B&D ; can opener lasted 10 years and I only got this new one because I moved.The functionality of this new one is poor , it 's super slow , I can open a can with a manual opener just as fast.Getting the can situated under blade is very awkward/difficult . I returned mine and got a Hamilton Beach/countertop opener , it 's got better quality by far .
 I was hopeful for this product . However , today is only the 2nd time we have used the can opener . It is very slow , and on the 3rd can -LRB- making soup today -RRB- it quit working.It 's a piece ...
 They changed the hole pattern -LRB- more holes -RRB- . They went to a knife edge -LRB- this makes a jagged edge -RRB- so it makes it harder to pierce some cans.You will find a lot of slop in the handle . You get spacers to lower the opener . I used the two wide spacers , you get a total of four . If you need more you will need to make your own -LRB- washers , wood or over size nuts -RRB- . I think you would have to be smart as a fence post to give it 5 starsOf course there is n't a lot of options out there . People would ratherbuy 3 of junk then 1 good one . The market decides.It cost about $ 5 to make this item , and for less then $ 2 more they could double the quality . This item sales for $ 16 - $ 18 in the dept. stores .
 Pleather is '' fake leather '' want I got was a plush basketballEaster basket !! That was from Target with the price cut off the tag!I 've never had a problem with an amazon item until now . I would notHave purchased if I would had known this .
 I purchased this to replace a well used board which became so warped and distorted that it made chopping and cutting difficult , I was pleased to finally get it replaced . I tossed the new one in the dishwasher -LRB- as recommended on the packaging -RRB- for an initial cleaning only to retrieve a warped board following a normal dishwashing cycle . Not too happy , and will likely have to replace it as I continue to wash it in the dishwasher . I would purchase a thicker board if you plan on washing it in the dishwasher .
 I bought this to do what it is described for , a small food processor . It is very hard to get the base and lid both on and off the unit . You have to really push down and twist to get it to lock and unlock . It is extremely noisy . Overall it works but not well and its difficulty in assembly make it a poor buy . I would not recomend it ...
 I do n't care/mind how loud it is . It chops things more or less the way I want . But trying to get that darned lid on & secured exactly right is frustrating . Trying to remove the food cup from the base is downright exasperating , requires much inspection of the slots , and sometimes is so hard to budge that Iron Man is the only one I can imagine could get it free . Maybe mine is defective -- I got it at Walmart & threw the receipt away , so did n't feel I could return it -- especially after using it . But really -- cheap junk . I got what I paid for , I guess .
 Idid not check this out as soon as I recieved it and later discovered it was broken-heads up-check your orders as you rercieve them !
 the tea seemed fine but the fragrance oils were too strong for my taste . i could not taste the tea . they need to be more subtle with a green tea . too bad because i am really looking for a good one to replicate the one i usually drink from france which i can not get any longer .
 This review is about the Black and Decker All in one Horizontal Deluxe Automatic bread maker model B2300 . I just bought this bread maker a week ago and it took two minutes after making my first loaf of bread to realize I had made a major mistake . Directions in the manual are horrible . Recipes are few and I would never use half of them.the machine seems to labor heavily while making a loaf , ca n't see this unit lasting long.I have owned previous Black and Decker bread maker and it was wonderful , do n't know what is happenning to the Black and Decker Brand but it appears to be going down hill.I am going to ask if I can bring it back after one use.If not I have garbage can out back . I would not buy this machine .
 Within the first few uses the clamp rings -LRB- small metal c shaped washers -RRB- that hold the paddle post to the bread pan from the underside broke off . The entire machine is rendered useless without them . I had to purchase composite rings from a hardware store and tighten manually with a wrench buy applying just enough pressure to the top and bottom of its `` c '' shape so that when fitted it would hold the paddle post . It 's a trial and error process that you should n't have to go thru . A small amount of liquid leaks thru both paddle posts and settles and dries at the base where the turning rotors are after the bake cycle . This may ultimately do in the machine as it did my previous Black and Decker bread machine - the paddles were permanently stuck to the pan and ultimately enough liquid drained thru the paddle post that it burnt out the motor from it 's struggle to turn after dried milk had continuously settled there . Clearly they 've had an ongoing problem with their paddle design as other reviewers noted and they have n't done anything to change it . This is a cheap machine with poor design and construction and if you are a serious/frequent user is n't worth it 's low price .
 This is my 3rd Black and Decker bread machine over the last 13 years . The first one was great absolutely loved it and it lasted almost 8 years . The second one also great no real complaints except for the recipe book so used the original book . This machine however is terrible . No recipes that I will use , difficult to remove the paddles , overdone loaf on the outside , complicated panel and menu . Hardly ever use it and will look for a different brand shortly .
 I received this as a gift and it lasted 10 months before one of the paddle drives broke . It wo n't knead properly with only one . B&D promises a new replacement machine with the one year warranty . Have to pay for shipping of new machine . Lid is not molded very well at all in the rear and heat discolored the plastic lid over the months . Worked well for 10 months . Paddles tend to come off inside the loaf after baking and can be difficult to remove . Am waiting on a replacement . Will go for a different brand next time . Scant recipes included in booklet .
 Black & Decker All-in-One Automatic Bread MakerI used my old Black & Decker breadmaker for years and never had a problem , unfortunately it died . I bought the Model B2300 several months ago and I absolutely hate it . First , the settings are difficult to figure out , second it burns every loaf on the outside and the inside is doughy , inedible . Second , there are no recipes in the book that I really care to make and it wo n't successfully make the recipes from my old book.Third , who wants to make jam in their bread maker , ugh . I am so sorry I bought this machine and I wish I had my old bread maker back . Go back to selling the old machines Black and Decker , this new one is ruining what I previously thought was your good name . I might add that I am not a novice cook and have made my own bread for years . With increasing arthritus in my hands making this painful to do , I thought this supposedly new , up-to-the-minute machine would be a godsend . Not so much.Colour me disappointed in the extreme .
 On the first attempt to use this product smoke started coming out of the vents and the paddles stopped mixing the bread . I ended up with a lovely baked pile of dried flour with mush at the bottom . The machine was then completely dead . I have read about this prouct on consumer reports websites and everyone listed the same problems . It is immorral for this company to have not already issued a recall , and to continue to sell this faulty product . I 'm sure it is also a fire hazard .
 I bought this machine -LRB- a B2300 -RRB- to replace an aging B&D ; B2005 that I knew was on its last legs . It sounded good as it is a dual paddle machine and could make a 3lb loaf.I could not find any settings where it would not burn the bread , not only that but recipes that I had used for years simply turned out horrible grainy textured bread . I think this is partly because its cycles are too short , and partly because it cooks the bread at too high a temperature.Unlike the B2005 , the lid does not come off for cleaning so if you get a loaf that rises too much and sticks to the inside of the lid then it is almost impossible to clean the lid.Because of these problems I called Applica and asked for a replacement under their warranty program . They sent me a completely different model -LRB- the smaller and cheaper B2250 -RRB- as a replacement with no explanation as to why . When I called them about this I was told they considered the two bread makers of ` equal value ' and that they had fulfilled the warranty.Sadly the new , smaller machine is no better - it also burns the bread and its lid can not be removed for cleaning.I am still using my old B2005 but when it dies then I will be looking for a new bread maker that is not branded Black and Decker .
 Bought it , dumped in the ingredients , plugged it in and nothing . Had the pleasure of scraping the ingredients out and mixing them by hand . Makes you wonder about their quality control.Update -- Bought another one and dumped the ingredients in . This time it started , but ran for only 5 minutes before it ground to a stop and smoke started coming out . I shudder to think what would have happened had I been baking with it using the timer or if I had n't been standing there watching it . I suppose I should have taken it into the back yard and plugged it in to see if it would actually burst into flames -LRB- for research purposes -RRB- ...
 I received one of these for a gift and absolutely love it . So I bought one for my mom . First time out of the box and it starts smoking when turned on . Black & Decker wants her to pay shipping for a new one . Wrong way to do business !! Bad customer service !
 The feet fell off the cutting board within days . Despite religious applications on conditioning oil , the board began splintering almost immediately . I do not recommend this product .
 I hated this pan . It did not wash easily at all , and my muffins got stuck every time . I read
 This product is in good shape though I had expected a set due to the languaes of the ad . I 'm considering returning this product . It shipped quickly and I 'm happy with that . Its a sheet not sheets . .
 This item is a joke.First , I expected the front to be colored -LRB- like the picture they advertise with this item -RRB- , so that I could display the item . It turns out that the colored image displayed is an actual cake with colored icing.Secondly , how did they even make this cake ? The clips provided to secure the 2 halves of winnie the pooh are cheap . They bend and deform . They do not secure the pan together . Every time I have tried to bake a cake , the batter oozes out of the sides.This item is NOT worth the price -LRB- unless you find it for under 10 $ -RRB- . I wasted 30 $ on this junk , and I wish I could send it back .
 6 loaves of bread later , only 2 have been edible . The rapid bake does not bake through , and even the 3 hour cycle is not that great . If you want to use the full 3:40 or 3:50 cooking time you may come up with a good loaf of bread , but for the money , i would select a different machine . The recipe book is also a little hard to navigate.i had an old B&D ; model which I used for 9 years . The quality was infinitely better !
 I really like the look of these , but the ball is a lot larger then I expected and the magnet is really small in relation to the size of the ball . They are always getting knocked off the fridge .
 I bought this Presto 01370 8-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure cooker/Canner from Amazon on May 09 and I received on May 16 . Amazon did a good job on delievering.I tried to boil water -LRB- just like one of the customer review posted on the Presto 6 Quart Model -RRB- once for 15 minutes . The pressure cooker itself was working fine but I noticed that there were many rusty spots formed and it also had brown color stain even though it 's supposed to be stainless steel . It scared me off when I touched the rough rusty spots . It seemed like the coat on the bottom of the pot peeled off or scaled off . I 've never seen anything scary like this . I wonder if Presto tested this product before selling it to the public ?
 This is the first pressure cooker I 've personally owned , inspired by my mother 's Presto that she 's had for years . However , I 've used my mother 's pressure cookers countless times over the past 20 years and also used a friend 's cooker to teach her how to use it.I have to say I 'm quite disappointed in the functionality of this particular pressure cooker due to major design flaws . Yes , it works to cook food under pressure . But it has serious limitations to the amount of time you can cook with it . * Over-pressure plug
 The 8 qt pressure cooker works at a far lower pressure than the older cookers . This makes it an almost pressure cooker . The higher your altitude , the more useless the product . We live at 6100 ft and need a pressure cooker to cook beans .
 This pressure cooker worked great until the rubber/plastic plug in the lid exploded out of it last night . Now I have to consider this to be an unsafe product .
 I purchased this for quick meal preparation and its inherent quality of maintaining nutritional value during the cooking process . I selected the stainless steel 8 quart model , having once owned a smaller aluminum unit.This product is almost commercial grade heavy gauge stainless . That being said , besides its weight , it is extremely difficult to open and close if you have little hand strength , dexterity or arthritis . I 'm just old with a little arthritis , and this lid is almost impossible to operate . I now wish I had purchased the smaller unit with the longer handles to provide more leverage for twisting off the top . Someone may want to consider this if purchasing for yourself or others . Nothing like wrestling with a two gallon steaming bulk of a pot!I live alone and wanted this to prepare meals quickly for myself -LRB- with a few leftovers -RRB- , so I guess the only good thing is now I have to depend on a dinner guest who can close it and open it for me . Sad that it has such a short handle and my opposable thumbs are n't what they use to be . Too much of a challenge .
 UPDATE
 I have had this pressure cooker for 7 months and it 's worked well up until tonight . I begain making soup in the pressure cooker and , as usual , the pressure built up and started to whistle , so I turned down the heat and let it cook . After a few minutes , the pressure stopped but I thought it was just that the heat was too low , so I turned it back up but nothing happened until the stopper valve blow off and I had soup everywhere !!! It scared us to death !! Needless to say , I spent the next hour cleaning soup off my ceiling , light fixtures , counter tops ! It appears that the pressure release gauage did n't activate . I 'm very dissapointed with this product and I 'm now too scared to use it again ! I 've written the company to see if they will replace it , we 'll see ...
 I bought this item less than a year ago , & the pressure regulator began to fail within 7 months ... would n't hold pressure . Now the regulator is fused to the lid & totally renders the cooker useless . I am an experienced pressure cooker user & know how to properly care for them ... so it 's nothing I could possibly have done . If you 're considering purchasing a pressure cooker ... spend a bit more ... the price is what hooked me .
 I owned this pressure cooker for about two years . It worked great . However , just a week ago I found out that two of the screws that held the pressure valve to the cover have rusted . That allowed the steam to escape and to prevent the pressure from building . While I had done some good cooking in this pressure cooker , it is not designed to last . I guess I now have to try another brand
 Just got the pressure cooker , and it looks like a great , heavy duty pot . Very nice . Because of the other reviews , my main purpose in purchasing this was for canning.However , after reading the manual , I learned that this CAN NOT be used for canning at altitudes above 3,000 feet -- which leaves out a lot of Colorado , New Mexico , Utah ... Otherwise , I 'm sure it 's great.Update
 Firstly , I have never provided feedback for any of my purchases , but I found this item warrants one.Before making my purchase decision I read through quite a few of the negative reviews , and seeing how there were so many positive reviews -LRB- many of which I also read -RRB- , I did n't give much credence to the few reviews mentioning staining -LRB- and even rust -RRB- . All I can say is after 2 uses , the inside bottom of my pot became stained and discolored , requiring an SOS pad to clean -LRB- which did n't even do that well -RRB- . Food also had grey staining on it . Here is a summary of what I did : I used the cooker twice , cooking up 6 boneless skinless chicken breasts in chicken broth , onions , garlic , and 7 or 8 dried Barkers extra hot chiles . Once done , I threw the breasts in the refrigerator for later shredding -LRB- for taco , enchilada , and burrito meat -RRB- . Washed and rinsed out the pot , and then used it to cook up 2 pounds of black beans . After the beans were done , I rinsed out the pot and soaked in hot soapy water -LRB- Dawn -RRB- . A couple hours later I went to shred the chicken breasts , only to find half of them with some grey stains on them . When I got to final cleaning of the pot , I used a scrubber sponge , then rinsed and dried . I later noticed there was still considerable staining on the inside botttom of the pot , so I grabbed an SOS pad to clean it . Did n't quite do the trick , still had most of the staining / discoloration.So if you 've read this far , most are probably saying ` big deal ' . You 're right , it IS a big deal , and here is why :1996 , I wo n't mention the make , but I bought a high quality 10 piece set of stainless steel cookware for $ 400 -LRB- I only mention price to convey that the set is not some ` cheapie ' -RRB- . Instructions for cleaning ? Wash with a non abrasive sponge -LRB- I use a Dobie sponge -RRB- and soapy water , rinse , and dry , or if needed , let soak in hot soapy water first . Now get this , this cookware is now 15 years old , the only cleaning I 've done is as mentioned above , and not one piece is as stained / discolored as the pressure cooker pot . Do n't get me wrong , my good cookware does have a couple discolorations on each pot and pan , but nowhere near like this prssure cooker got in ONE day . BTW , I 've used the same recipe in my other cookware . . NEVER a problem.I do n't know if the pressure cooker I got just happen to have had bad quality control on the metal being used , but being the product is made in China ... I just do n't feel good about it . And get this , before I noticed the stains on the chicken breasts , I ate a couple bites just to see how the meat tasted . Yep , I could taste a bit of a ` bite ' in the meat . Maybe it 's just a mental thing , but here it is about 6 hours later , and for the last couple hours I could swear I 've had a strange metalish after taste in my mouth .
 i went with the 16 qt cannerany canner can pressure cook . i really REALLY REALLY wanted a gauge after using this one . I know how to pressure cook and the first meal with this pressure cooker ruined the meal because of the pressure . Either the seal wasnt working correctly or something else was going on.trust me - get one with an actual gauge on it.at least when you have a guage you can accurately monitor the pressure in it .
 I purchased it as it was stainless steel . But after 2 washes started to rust on the inside . So returned the item and was promptlyreimbursed .
 This review is more about Presto , the company , rather than how this product performs , as I have n't actually used it yet . I have wanted a pressure cooker for a while , and have been researching them quite extensively . It is important to me to buy US made products whenever possible . I visited the Presto website , and by reading about the company , was led to believe that all presto products are made in on of their 3 US manufacturing locations . I was sold . My husband bought this for me for Christmas , and I was so excited to finally have one . Once I removed it from the box , I flipped it over to look for the `` made in the usa '' stamp , and imagine my disgust to see it stamped , `` made in china '' . Boy that really ticks me off ! I 'm tempted to return the darn thing . I feel that Presto intentionally deceives the general public by only talking about their US manufacturing plants and never stating anywhere on their website that their products are made in China . Shame on you Presto !
 I purchased this cooker based on the customer review and , it turned out to be a total disaster!I have cooked using a pressure cooker for more than 15 years and know exactly how to use.It did not cook well enough the rice mixed with grains at first , and I put more water and reheated them in a medium heat . After 3-4 munites , it burnt off everything . I ca n't wash it with force as it was stuck with burnt grains.I need to return it as it is defective , but am not sure how they would react.It 's not worth the money and time at all .
 I had a wonderful pressure cooker . Nothing was wrong with it , it was just old , but I replaced it with this model and I ca n't for the life of me cook a decent meal in it . I was used to the rhythmic shush-shush-shushing of the jiggler on top that my old one had - told me when to turn it down/up ... start my timer . This one does n't shush . I hate it .
 i bought this to pressure can vegetables only to learn after i got it that they do n't recommend canning in this size cooker
 This High pressure cooker is too heavy too big . I used it only once -LRB- bad experience -RRB- , and now it is sleeping in my cabinet . I would rather buy a nice high pressure cooker from Bed Bath and Beyond .
 I did quite a lot of research and read many reviews before I purchased this pressure cooker . And I have a friend who has this model and she uses her nearly every day . So I was very disappointed in what happened when I used this pressure cooker . I followed all instructions that came with it but I could not get the unit to reach an adequate pressure . I have an electric glass-top range , but that should not interfere with how this cooker worked.I let the pressure cooker heat to a point of excessive steam release -LRB- and a lot of noise -RRB- before I turned the heat down , but still my recipe was under-cooked . In fact , everything I cooked in it -LRB- four different recipes -RRB- I had to cook twice in order to get the food done . So , I sent this pressure cooker back for a refund and purchased from Amazon an electric one -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- which I absolutely love .
 This item looks cool , and I actually gave this item away to the Goodwill because plates do n't stand up at all . It just did n't work for me .
 This disk rack is beautiful when you take it out of the box , but the first use told a different story . The tray has no slanted lip and no holes for drainage ... all the water just pooled in the tray . While doing one load of dishes , I had to physically pick the rack up -LRB- with all the wet dishes in it -RRB- and dump the water out of the tray three times . Definitely not designed by someone who washes alot of dishes !! Pretty but not functional .
 The tray does n't drain , it collects the water . Since the utensil basket is part of the tray , could n't use the drainer without it .
 While it is good to have something in stainless steal , it has a bad design compared to the cheap $ 10 drainer we had before . Bowls sometimes can fall off from the side . It ca n't hold enough plates and bowls . Also there is not enough support for plates to stand straight.There are no holes in place to drain water . The spoon holder is towards the end of the slope and always some water accumulates in that area making it dirty after a while .
 Love the look , not the function . Glasses fall off the side prongs , fall through the openings at the corners , and almost nothing stays upright in the rack . Dishes slid out of the wires , created an avalanche the shot a glass out the open corner . The silverware was sitting in an inch of water - drain holes do n't work . Keep looking if you 're shopping . Wish I had read the reviews before I ordered !
 I had to return this . When I bought it , I had no idea that the drip catcher was attached to the drainer ... plus it did n't have a hole in it for draining . I use a drainer in my sink to drain dishes so the drip tray feature was useless . Very poor design !
 Customer service was awful and rude and trying to fix the problem also . Do not deal with this , not worth it
 This was so terrible , I returned it . Do n't waste your time or money !!! It 's poorly constructed . I ended up with a different brand , and was extremely satisfied !
 Like the other reviewers , I found this pot totally inferior to a Bialetti . In fact , I 'd say it 's a worthless product for two reasons . First , the coffee does not brew out in a quiet steady flow , as it should , but sputters from the time it first starts seeping out . You are supposed to hear the sputtering when it 's time to turn off the burner , but because it 's always sputtering you have to keep opening the lid -LRB- making a mess -RRB- to see when it 's done . Second , and most critically , it brews so slowly that the coffee begins to burn -LRB- evident in the smell and taste -RRB- before it 's even finished . I 'm using proper heat and I 'm not over-packing . I 've been using various moka pots for years without these problems .
 This is nowhere near the quality of Bialetti products . Steam escapes from the seam no matter how tight the pieces are screwed together . There is water left in the bottom container every time - it has never made a full brew . Espresso grounds somehow end up in the bottom container making pea-sized dots . It 's just not a good stovetop espresso maker , no matter how cute the red color is .
 I usualy just go to the big box for this item , but decided to save the gas and order on Amazon . Unfortunately , the water came out black . Returned for replacement . Hopefully the second one works better .
 Sorry folks , but I do n't know if I got a lemon or what , but after following instructions on how to install the filter , etc , the end result was water tasting like plastic . The only way i can assume this happened is that the filter sat in the warehouse in the dog days of summer long before it came into the consumers hands . Too bad because it installed and was fine otherwise , but the taste can not be ignored . Amazon had the best price for this but if I were you , I would probably buy locally if you can . Otherwise , it 's a crapshoot in terms of knowing if you will get one that is free from plastic taste or not .
 The back is very thick , which pushes your neck forward and the sides are too short to support your head . On me , and I am not particularly large , the sides come to just under my ears which does not offer enough support . It is going to be returned .
 A couple other reviews mentioned the pillow was n't stuffed enough ; however , I did n't see any reviews mentioned the fit to the neck . I have a normal size neck and the size was more for a child 's neck . The image online was blocked by the white label . Once I took off the label , the pillow fell flat due to lack of stuffing and the neck region was tiny .
 I should have paid more attention to the reviews that said this was n't deep enough . It worked ok as some lumbar support , but was not at all useful for head and neck support on a cross country flight .
 I had a bucky pillow years ago , and loved it . I replaced it with a brookstone pillow that was so great , my husband stole it and then they got expensive . So I bought one of these fuzzy wuzzy bucky pillows with the snap and go feature for my luggage . It 's no good . The back end is too thick , not enough `` arms '' for the sides of the neck , if you try to sit back in a chair with it , it pops your head forward because of how thick the back is . Tried to swap it with my husband , he is n't having any of it ! I was , like , hey , mom , you want a comfy neck pillow ? She tossed it back in less than 5 minutes . Very sad .
 Not sure why more people are n't commenting about the neck size . This seems like a child 's pillow . Very strange . It was very soft though .
 for the past 3 years ive been flying internationally a great deal . seems like every other month im on a long flight . in fact tomorrow i fly from italy to new york . i usually buy a neck pillow at the airport because i always seem to either lose my pillow or give it away . so this time i decided to do a little research and buy a good neck pillow that ill want to keep ... this isnt it . i returned it.the quality and fabric are great . i really liked the loop that lets you attach the pillow to your pack . the problems for me are two things . first the neck opening is designed poorly and is neither deep/wide enough . some of you may already be thinking , `` just empty out the seeds till its comfortable . '' that leads me to my second problem ... thats pretty impractical on a plane . im not dumping out little seeds everywhere and then trying to put them back in with my hands because i poured out to much and didnt bring a funnel . im certainly not gon na traips around the world looking for craft shops that sell more filler and ordering on the internet ... its all just a hassle for something thats supposed to be comfortable and convenient . just for a reference im 6 feet tall and 215 pounds . athletic build . thinking that the pillow must be designed for a smaller person i let my wife try the pillow out . shes 5 ' 9 '' and , well shell kill me if i mention her weight so she weighs about 100 pounds less than me . she did not like the pillow at all .
 It ca n't be opened , and you are supposed to refill it through the spout , which is about the size of a quarter . Over time , buildup of minerals inevitably occurs on the inside surface and there 's no way to get it out .
 I feel like a company that does n't put an on/off switch on an electric appliance with heating elements might have some issues . It 's also not the most ergonomic configuration -- it 's very easy to spill water when it 's full , and the only place you can fill it is through the spout ... hm . I guess it makes tea , though . Probably not worth what I paid for it .
 I have owned this tea kettle for two years , and have noticed that the cord gets hot . Today I unplugged it and not only was there a spark and crack , but an electrical jolt went through my hand and up into my arm . I had been very careful to just touch the plastic part - know that I did not touch the metal prong - and did not have my other hand on metal or anything . More than and hour later my hand and arm are still in pain from the electrical shock . I plan to throw this kettle out . I do not recommend it .
 I have two other electric tea kettles and this one is VERY slow to boil water . The metal piece on the spout is flimsy . Spend a few more dollars for a better model .
 I recommend going with a more expensive kettle . If filled too full , the water comes shooting out the spout . It does have a rather cute little whistle when carrying it empty to the facet - sounds like a little person saying `` ha ha ha '' , so the smile might be worth it .
 This electric kettle does heat water -LRB- though not quickly -RRB- and it does whistle -LRB- though not very loudly -RRB- . It 's adequate , but only just.I 'll buy something to replace it next week .
 This product is not good for everyday use . It has no way of being cleaned , just has a small opening to add water . It does not have an off and on switch , you just pull the plug . It does the job , boils water , but not for me .
 This product was advertised as being able to heat water faster than a microwave . They must be referring to a very old and low powered microwave . Our standard tea kettle on the stove top heats faster .
 I bought this for two main reasons
 The bottom section is painted steel . After a year of use , the bottom section paint started chipping away from the rusting steel underneath . For something that is used only 15 minutes each day with fresh water only , this is inexcusable . I had to stop using it because the rust started staining my counter . What a piece of junk .
 Since I received the Tea Kettle every time I use it something inside it makes very LOUD POPS similar to the sound you hear as it starts to heat up -LRB- Materials reaction to the heat -RRB- except it 's much louder.I notified the vendor about this , I got a reply asking me to define what I meant by loud POP 's or Crackling noises , I repeated my concern about this and since I had another Tea Kettle exactly like this one and that never happened so I think this is not going to last very long.I never heard from that `` Customer Service '' lady again.RegardsOscar Sanchez
 This pot has no on/off switch and so it sparks whenever you unplug it or plug it in . It will only automatically turn off if all the water boils away . I wish i had spent more money and gotten a higher quality product .
 Besides the constant thought of `` I wonder how many chemicals from the plastic I am drinking , '' I have only one other issue . All of a sudden my kettle leaks water out of where the chord attaches to the kettle . Seriously , It 's a wonder I have n't shocked myself . The insulation on the chord must be good enough to block the electricity from getting to the water -LRB- and then onto whatever the water touches -RRB- .
 Cute little kettle , but very disappointed with performance . Very slow to heat even a cup of water . You need to fill it up through the small sprout and spill water all over it . Then there is no on and off switch , so you have to plug and unplug it everytime . Finally when the water boils you have to carry the kettle and drag the cable too . No auto off features . Stay away and pay a few more for the Aroma AWK-115S - the number 1 bestselling kettle on Amazon
 Although the kettle appears to be completely new and undamaged , and there is nothing at all wrong with my electrical outlets , the kettle does not get even a little bit warm , after half an hour . This was a disappointment , and I will have to return it .
 these are the reasons i dislike this kettle : boils water slow . not fast or powerful . slower than a microwave and stove top kettles . no on/off switch . so must unplug kettle once boiling . does not detach from cord . cord is very short , so you need to have counter space really close to an outlet . and pour your cup of tea with cord dragging off kettle . terrible .
 I had mine for about 90 days before it broke . I used it about 5 times . I was slicing vegtables for maybe 10 minutes and after I turned it off on one bunch it never came back on . I took it apart and looked inside and the motor was very small . I am assuming it overheated like I have had happen with cheap 10 $ blenders and the motor burned out , so I think it was poorly made and looking at the tiny motor and heap of plastic , probably 200 % of what retail SHOULD be . I paid 40 $ for this , I am not happy , I did n't register a warranty and do n't see how I would keep trusting this company unless they offer to replace it when I call . Before it broke , it was a wonderful product and I am sad it seems like they have a monopoly on this design .
 I have owned three of these now , and I can not honestly recommend that you buy one unless you are not going to use it for anything but cole slaw . We used ours for a lot of things , but mainly large grated cheddar cheese projects . The first one held up for a fairly long time , and then the grater cone broke . We ordered another one , and then the motor burned out . We bought another , and the gears broke just after the warranty was up . We bought another because there was really nothing like the salad shooter , and the gears disintegrated just after the warranty was up again . I will never buy another . I think they have engineered it perfectly from a marketing perspective , so that it breaks just after the warranty is up . I know from studying quality management that this is more and more a common practice , and with today 's statistical computer programs and engineering , quite easy to do .
 We bought this when our standard size salad shooter finally broke . We had hoped this ` Pro ' model would fuction like the standard size , but be sturdier and made better . We were wrong . The ` Pro ' model is the same plastic quality as the standard model , just bigger . In this case ` Bigger ' is ` Worse ' . It takes more room to store the tool ; it is noiser , and , being bigger , there is more room in the shredder and the shredder feed for whatever you are shredding to get stuck , and hence , wasted . On the noise side , it is in the category of ` power tool ' - not as loud as a skilsaw , but louder than a sabre saw , for example . This is a tool I regret buying and I will replace it soon - even before it breaks .
 FOLLOW UP
 If I had n't already been using a full food processor to prepare salads , I might have liked this . It DOES make nice &#34; wavy cut &#34; cucumbers -LRB- as my grand kids call them -RRB- . And it DOES a great job of grating raw cauliflower -LRB- the output looks just like white cheese gratings . -RRB- BUT , it also mangles salad onions , and takes way longer to do things than does the food processor . The big problem with the Shooter is that it rotates too slow for anything like lettuce . The output clogs up . Just not what I hoped for .
 This sounds like a freight train . I think i got ripped off . I used to have one I loved so ordered this one , wish I would n't have !
 We used it about 5 times and are not satisfied . It takes up a lot of space and does not stay together when assembled . Not a well engineered product . We are now in the market for something that works .
 I purchased the salad shooter primarily to shred lettuce . The lettuce becomes mushy even when fresh lettuce is used . I have returned to shredding the lettuce with my hands and a knife . I also found that it did not work well for celery as it clogs up and does not always give nice slices .
 Expected better performance from this product . When slicing celery , half the stalk wraps around the outside of the slicer . The same thing happens with onions , seems to slice the inner part of the onion fine but the outer portion wraps around the outside of the slicer and I have to take the think apart and pull the pieces out before I can proceed with anything else . Works fine with vegetables like zuccini , squash and potatoes . But I purchased it so that I would n't have to do all the slicing and chopping to prepare salads so I am disappointed .
 While the Presto 02970 is functionally well engineered , but the plastic material used absorbs food colors . For example , if you shred carrots , expect the unit to become dyed orange . 15 minutes of scrubbing with electric dishwasher powder and clorox was needed to clean it . And a trace of color steadfastly remains in the plastic . I can not accept this major defect and misleading description on this website . Clean cooking tools are mandatory.I am going to a full stainless steel unit made by a different company . I have better things to do than scrub and clean .
 Basically , this unit is a slicer/shredder with no hopper . It works well for carrots and hard vegetables . It makes a mess of mushrooms , onions , squash , spring onions , and lettuce . Just get a food processor . Forget this thing .
 I had a regular Salad SHooter for 20 years , and used it EXCLUSIVELY for grating cheese , since the opening to put food through the device was quite small . When it finally broke , I bought the Pro version because it looked like it had a much larger opening . Well , they say it will cut potatos , either in slices or crinkle cut . But you still have to cut the potato in half , so the chips you create are too small , in too thin . I just do n't think there are enough uses , even for the larger food opening to make it worthwhile for most cooks . Unless you 're making a salad for a dozen people , why pull out this machine to slice up 2 or three inches of a cucumber , or carrots.THe device still is great for shredding cheese , but not enough real world uses .
 This device does what it says . It shoots salad well but it sounds like a jet engine . If you like a quiet kitchen , this engine will not fit well in your yours .
 The hole to place the fruits or veggies is too small . Returned right after purchase .
 Husband purchased the professional to replace the smaller one I had worn out . I ca n't begin to say how disappointed I am with it . First it is so much bigger it 's awkward , cumbersome and too heavy . Second I like to grate chocolate for my hot cocoa mix . The grate blade teeth are so far apart it takes a whole lot more revolutions to get the job done of the smaller ones . It did n't do any better on cheese . Same issue with the slicing blades . The cone thing is a nuisance . The motor smells the whole time it 's on . I only wish I still had the packaging to ship it back . What a waste of money !
 I bought this in early July and was very excited . But it 's not that impressive once you start to use . It 's been giving very irritating squeaky noise . Initially I thought it may go away once I use it for some time . It has n't yet . Probably it 's a defective one.Second complaint is that the vegetable stains do n't go away like the other cheap plastic graters , especially carrot stain.It 's not easy to get the grated veges from the cone where it 's collected.Have to give a lot of pressure to great baby carrots or potatoes . I am not even sure whether you can actually shred cabbage.Since I waited for more than a month I am unable to return for a full refund in Amazon . When I contacted Presto , they mentioned as they can do a replacement or repair as it has 1 year warranty but I have to pay for the shipping which costs $ 20 . Macy 's had the similar Presto with two blades which is more than enough for a kitchen for just $ 25 , and very easy 90 days return policy . I 'll never buy electrical goods or electronics from Amazon again !
 The proper power supply was not mentioned on the package especially if the item shipped internationally . Because the electric current is different from U.S.A , In the USA they use 110 Volts but in my country they use 220 Volts . So i could n't realize that before i use this item . I connected directly to 220 Volts which higher than the required . So please all information has to be given in the product details .
 The Shredder attachment is making long flat spaghetti like piecesI was expected short shredded onesI guess I will continue use my old hand shredder
 I have no complaints about the Presto Salad shooter , but the company that shipped it sent me a repackaged item that contained a part broken in three places . It almost looked like somebody ordered a new one just for the attachment ring -LRB- which was the part that broke on my old salad shooter -RRB- and just switched out the broken part for the new one and returned it . Poor quality assurance on the company 's part . I was very disappointed . I have reordered a new one through WalMart . I love having a salad shooter during the holidays . It makes grating carrots and cheese a breeze .
 Completely a waste of you hard earned money . Does very little of what is promised . Save it and buy a good knife or mandolin .
 This product was not what I expected . I wanted something to chop up salad for large groups , but I can chop the lettuce by hand quicker than I can get the salad shooter to do it . I use my food processor for the carrots , etc. ... I will be returning to Goodmans . As far as delivery , it was slow .
 This device does not work with 220V . A voltage transformer must be purchased if ordering from 220V Countries.My Presto device burst with sparks and was about to fire up when I switched it on in Singapore.More information on this issue please , both Presto and Amazon!You guys place these items on the global market
 My mom bought this under my name and she is almost 70 and it is very hard for her to use . She wants to return it .
 This unit came fitted with a US 2-pin plug . Normally domestic appliances exported to the UK have dual 120/240 voltage and you just need to flick a switch and then plug them into the UK 's 240v supply via a converter . If I had done this then it would probably have exploded . Why ? Because the appliance can only be used with a 120 volt supply , so in order to use it in the UK you also need to buy a step-down transformer . Does it tell you this on the Amazon.com website ? No.So now I have got to buy a transformer , but which one ? There are dozens of them.You would think that a company that calls itself `` Amazon EXPORT Sales '' would be aware that countries outside the US use different voltages , and would make sure that overseas customers have all the information they need in order to complete a satisfactory purchase . Aparently not.To-date my dealings with Amazon have always been excellent , but on this occasion I feel badly let down . I was looking forward to using the Presto Professional Salad Shooter , but until I find the right transformer then I can not do so.As for Presto ... if they sell through Amazon then inevitably they are going to get export sales , so they need to make their product export-friendly - otherwise they are going to be up to their ears in returned products with burnt-out electric motors .
 I bought it in November for Thanksgiving , and it was amazing . I was so impressed that it allowed me to make some salad in 3 minutes so I recommended it to many of my friends . However , last night I wanted to make some cucumber salad and that was only the second time I used this salad shooter , but the power switch did n't work , maybe it got stuck or something . I liked it so much I thought I should n't give up so easily , well , this morning I tried it again , and went through the instructions book and still could n't figure out why it does n't work anymore . I 'm so sad that I have to return it , :-LRB- it still looks brand new , but just does n't work .
 I have the smaller Presto Salad Shooter and LOVE IT !! Bought this larger one thinking it would be better and have a larger capacity . WRONG !! I do n't know if I just got a bad one or what . But the main thing I like to make is cole slaw with the shredder cone on my smaller Presto , well this one DOES NOT shred cabbage . It seems to have less blades on the shredder cone than the one from the smaller Presto . Do n't know if that 's the problem or what , but cabbage just hung up in chamber .
 The cones are sharp with many to choose from . The locking part of the 2 part pusher is annoying . Some food slices can get stuck in between parts without being ejected nearly wrecking the tool . My comparison to a popular stand mixer attachment this portable product is difficult to use and underpowered . Its past the return policy and I 'll just use it for softer veggies and maybe try some chilled cheese grating . The plastic stains gross with carrots . Otherwise the product is good and functional if you have nothing to compare it to .
 Although I use a salad shooter daily and love it 's performance , this model is too large and too noisy . I wished www.amazon.com would include the extra blades with the smaller Presto Salad Shooter/Slicer # 02910 .
 I should have listened to other reviewers . Celery is a mess with no `` pretty '' pieces coming out . . at all . Even with the thickest slicing tool they got mangled . Romaine lettuce came out `` pre-chewed '' ... not attractive . Even carrots did not come out as expected ... thought medallions ... got random . Will most likely only use this for soups or stews ... . if at all .
 does not lock at times . material stays in cone clogs uphad standard model for years had great experience was thereason for buying pro model very much a bad choicemac
 Do not really like this product . It pretty much grinds everything up , not really slicing . Should have sent back but time got away from me to do so .
 Not Sharp !!! It is just not sharp enough for cutting . Really not sure why.There is really not much more to say about this.Was very disappointed .
 I had the old salad shooter years ago and loved it . So since it has been long gone I had wanted another for years and finally decided to get another one . So I chose the professional series one . I am not sure if the blades are not sharp enough or what but it does n't slice very well . I tried both sets that came with it and got the same results , roughly sliced . The veges were fresh too ! So everything that comes out is n't cut nicely , but very roughly which leads me to beleive the blades are dull and not sharp enough to cut the veges right , so I threw it in the garage where all my unwanted items go ! I 'll just use my good ole knife as I always have.I do n't recommend buying this unit as you to will probably find the same results .
 This had so many good reviews . When I used mine all it did was shred my vegetables to pieces . I expected it to slice things not chew them up . Any suggestion would be welcome but I do n't know what I can be doing wrong .
 I used it on cheese it was soft cheese -LRB- cheddar -RRB- . The block was less then have the thickness of the entry hole and this one may be defective but it locks up and screams with almost no pressure on it trying to get it to grate . If you do n't go very slowly it will lock up entirely and you have to turn it off . It is extremely loud and makes the most awful shrieks .
 I had a smaller version of this over the past years . I decided to go with the professional on this time , and am very happy . I use this shredder on a regular basis . It makes my job so much easier and clean up is a breeze .
 It did n't Shoot - but instead , the salad stuff just built up on the inside . I returned this product and am using my Cuisinart instead .
 i did not expect it ti arrive late as it originally stated it would be with me before Christmas then when it did arrive it has an american plug on it so have not used it yet . Could not cancel purchase either as it said once payment has gone can not stop it or change it ... will think hard before buying anything else from you ...
 What a great machine , saves times and beats grating with your fingers . smooth action with choices of blades , great with hard foods . plus electric .
 I hope this is recyclable , but it went straight to the recycling bin after trying to use it the first few times . Even the cleaning service personnel did not want it after they witnessed it 's poor performance . It is like something you would get from a bad 70 's infomercial . Save your money !
 This salad shooter thing was terrible ! I tried it and it took me longer to make the salad with that then it would have without it . You can only cut certain types of vegetables and fruit and 1/2 of what you cut gets stuck inside the machine . When I went to clean it , 1/2 my salad was in the machine and was wasted . It also made a funny burning smell when I put something in to cut . I would not suggest this to anyone . If you did n't return it you would put it in the back of a closet and throw out in a few years .
 THIS WAS THE MOST REGRETING PURCHASE I HAVE EVER BOUGHT ! IT WONT CUT RIGHT , YOU CANT CUT ONIONS OR TOMATOS ! IT COMES OUT MUSHY !
 I 've had over the last 15 years the now extinct Chipper.It has been very adequate . Sliced thin chips and shred all cheeses . Time caught up with 2nd unit . I decided to buy the Pro unit to fill our needs . Definitely faster and stronger . Cones supplied do not have thin slice available . I have two sets of thin slice cones from the Chipper.Modified the shaft to shorter length . Now works with this new unit.Expect lots of service life in this metal gear unit . If you become depend on these gizmos , this will keep you going . Would buy again in a flash .
 VERY UNHAPPY ABOUT THE PRODUCT . I HATE IT . IT DOES N'T WORK WELL AT ALL . DO N'T BUY IT
 I went for this fryer , -LRB- as a replacement for a well loved and much used unit -RRB- , for the two basket feature . This is the reason for the first star . True , it does take 5 quarts of oil but on is frying 2 baskets at one time.The problem arose with the two baskets at one time . With the temperature cranked up to the max 375 degrees , two one layer baskets of chicken wings took over twice the amount of time needed to fry and were greasy . The second batch was after waiting a full 20 minutes to assume maximum recovery and those still fried much longer than needed time wise and were n't up to the level the old machine got them to . Clearly the one immersion element ca n't pull off heating that much oil.Next were fries . Greasy . Very greasy . Again I allowed extra time for oil temperature recovery.The worse part was the heavy oil smell in the air . It required the whole night to leave the kitchen and made the entire family shower immediately after dinner . We all felt like we worked a double at the local rat trap . This unit does n't have replaceable charcoal filters but a permanent metal one . It does nothing to absorb odors . This was with new oil and nothing ` smelly ' cooked . Only chicken and fries.It was returned to the store the next morning after cleaning out , -LRB- and thus the second star because it was easy to clean up -RRB- . It was traded in for a Rival . Gave up half the fry space but what an incredible difference !
 After reading mostly rave reviews on this fryer , I ordered it with great anticipation . I should have heeded the other reviews and purchased a different fryer . Taking the advice of several reviewers , I tried keeping the temperature at 350 degrees instead of 375 while frying battered fish in one basket and french fries in the other one . The fish stuck to it 's basket and the fries were brown and soggy . So , I tried the same scenario with the temp at 375 . The fish still stuck to the basket ; the fries were still brown and soggy . Even tried the `` twice-fried '' method for the fries with no significant improvement in the crispness factor . I was also disappointed with the long cooking time as another reviewer noted.After a VERY LONG , tiring and trying cooking experience , I scrambled for my old faithful large pot , piled in Crisco and lovingly dropped in the rest of the fish . Ta-Da !! PERFECTION ! Needless to say , I am giving away this frying fiasco .
 I purchased this fryer after the death of our previous deep fryer thinking you get what you pay for . So I splurged . Yes , I read the reviews which had a lot to do with my decision to purchase this particular fryer - mistake ... No one explains that the plug is extremely short or the fact that the magnet holding this heavy cord has a difficult time keep it plugged into the fryer.The temperature does n't seem to stay consistent as my previous fryer - yes , I know that adding food to the oil will reduce the temp.After only 6 months with average use of once per month - it 's dead.Beware
 The ad for this bed stated that it came with a hand held control to make it easier to inflate and deflate the bed . Instead , it came with a motor that screwed into the bed which had to be plugged in , and unplugged , back and forth , to inflate , and you had to unscrew something on the motor to get it to deflate.If Amazon does not discipline this seller , they are only hurting themselves .
 I 've never had a deep fryer before , and the one my mother had had a lid on it while it was cooking . The storage lid for this one is made of very soft plastic ... part of it melted yesterday just from close proximity to a stove burner . But it was still usable ... until today , when I plugged the fryer in to re-heat it and the whole lid melted into the oil . -LRB- Yes , I did read the manual and knew better , but sometimes I 'm just not that good at remembering things . -RRB- I 'm not sure now whether it will be usable after I clean it out , might be . But honestly , this is n't safe if you are even slightly absent-minded . -LSB- ... -RSB- I admit , the price is good . Unless it only lasts a week .
 I bought this thing thinking believing others that the auto temp setting was smart . It is most certainly not . I use the recommended amount of oil and then I watch the temp creep all the way up just under 410 . I 've used three thermometers just to be sure.Then even after putting in almost 3lbs of chicken the temp drops a bit but very quickly jumps right back up to 400 . Everything burns in this thing unless you watch it . It gets so hot that the oil winds up being trashed after one use.I 've called Presto about it and their only response is that `` the oil temp will top out at 385 '' . The only way to work with this thing is to keep plugging and unplugging it to try to keep the temp near 350 . And if you want to fry fish or shrimp then you better be very quick on plug work.Very disappointed in this thing .
 I am disappointed with the cooking results of my new Presto GrandPappy deep fryer . With several trials attempting to deep-fry chicken , the results were unsatisfactory . Using chicken at room temperature , breading it , and slipping it into the GrandPappy , I found that when the coating reached a pleasing golden brown , the meat was not thoroughly cooked . When leaving the chicken in the pot long enough to be done , the breading burned -- not at all tasty.The GrandPappy is a plug-and-play product without temperature control . The oil gets very hot , too hot . My candy thermometer revealed the oil temperature resides at 380 degrees . The recommended oil temperature for deep frying chicken is 365 degrees , explaining why the outside of the chicken is done well in advance of the inside.I would not recommend this product .
 I was excited to get this product . I deep fry quite a few things on the stove top and I was looking for something more portable -LRB- use it outside -RRB- and convenient . While this GranPappy Electric Deep Fryer certainly is portable , it is not convenient . I was hesitant to purchase a fryer that was lacking temperature controls , but after reading dozens of reviews of other items it seemed that practically every fryer out there with temperature controls was not able to achieve decent cooking temperature -LRB- most reviews said products would only get to 320F no matter how high you set the controls -RRB- . While this fryer has no control , it does state that it `` keeps oil at optimum temperature automatically '' . For most of my frying applications this would be between 350F and 375F . If you 've ever done much frying you know anything under 330F gets soggy with grease , and over 380F will burn the outside batter while leaving the center uncooked . After reading multiple positive reviews about this product I found people stating it topped out at 385F . . for some people wanting to fry whole chicken breasts this was absolutely too hot , although I fry mostly small things . While 385F is on the hot side of where I would like it to be , it would certainly work for the majority of things I wanted to use it for.Well , upon receiving the product I was excited to put it to use . It was packaged well and shipped quickly . I gave it a quick rinse , filled it to the line with peanut oil and plugged it in . I figured it would take some time to heat up , so I let it sit until I could hear the internal temperature control mechanism click off . Then I grabbed my digital candy thermometer to check the temperature before putting anything in it . It my disappointment the temperature of the oil was 420F right off the bat . I stirred the oil around and it remained at 420F , slowly dropping to 415F before I heard the heating element switch back on and promptly kick it back up to 420F . This is absolutely too hot to effectively fry anything . I went ahead and unplugged it , waited for the temperature to drop to 370F , and cooked my corn dogs , watching the thermometer closely and plugging and unplugging the unit continually to maintain a reasonable cooking temperature.I have better control on my electric stove top -LRB- which is sad -RRB- . I would not recommend this product to anyone wanting a deep fryer , and after contacting Presto , I am afraid I will have to return it and ask for a refund .
 We had a granpappy fryer for 25 years & wore it out . This new one did not heat up to frying temperature - perhaps we just had a dud . They sure do n't build em like they used to .
 The fryer is exactly as pictured and works , but I did n't realize there was no temperature dial ! So I used a thermometer and had to keep unplugging when the temp was not correct for my cooking . I can do this but would never recommend this product . Sincerely , Betty
 I ordered this charger as the ad posted it was new and it came with a C02 cartridge when I received the package in the mail today the item was just inside a mail envelope no product packaging and no cartridge , I 'm disappointed .
 I have tried to use this product twice now with no luck.The first time I connected everything as described in the packaging -LRB- connect coupler to keg , then CO2 charger to the coupler -RRB- and when I pressed the trigger nothing happened . I can usually hear the CO2 entering the keg when I use my kegerator setup , but I heard nothing and nothing was coming out of the keg.I pushed the trigger a few more times and then put my head down next to the keg to try and hear and BOOOM !!! The coupler that the CO2 charger was connected to exploded in my hand , cutting a half circle in my index finger and causing a ringing in my ear . -LRB- This was about 20 minutes prior to my wedding -RRB- . I chalked it up to me tightening the coupler down and the spring not having enough force to open the valve in the coupler . The CO2 pressurized the coupler to 1200psi and the threads on the cap sheared causing the cap to pop up into my finger.So , a year later I thought I would give it another shot . I was at a homebrew competition and did n't want to bring my whole setup . I connected everything the same way , thought this time I made SURE that the coupler was n't too tight . Also the keg was pressurized already to about 12 PSI -LRB- which I do during carbonation to get more carbonation and make sure that the keg is air tight.This time it worked at the beginning , however , after coming back a little while later I found just a trickle coming out of the keg . I again tried pressing the trigger and found nothing happening again . I disconnected and called it a day not wanting to risk another explosion in a public place.In the end this works ok if the keg is already pressurized . The pressure in the keg holds the coupler plunger open and allows the CO2 to flow , however when there is little or no pressure in the keg all the CO2 pressure gets trapped in the coupler with potential to fail violently . Because this charger has no regulator it lets the full 1200psi from the cartridge in the coupler forcing the plunger closed and holding it shut so CO2 ca n't get into the keg . My home setup is regulated to 15psi which is why I have never had this problem at home.In the end I would never buy this again , in fact I 'm going to throw mine out and recommend that no-one else buy one . If you need regulated pressure this is not the route to go , get yourself a cheap regulator and a 12oz paintball CO2 bottle . It 's a little more up front but it 'll work when you need it to and you 're much less likely to lose a finger .
 disappointing . . leaks freezes up tooo often seems unsafe-took too long to arrive and delayed the process.very unhappy ... not the greatest ... not worth the money
 after one use , wait not even one use it developed an air leak and i lost all the co2 . also it did not come with a co2 cartridge as advertised .
 This block made by Wusthoff DOES NOT FIT WIDE WUSTHOFF STEAK KNIVES !!!!! I bought it specifically for this purpose , figuring that a block made by them would hold their own brand . Major product fail !!!
 Too large for the sink - not tapered to fit the floor of my unit . . not explained well in the offering .
 This beautiful blue roaster is only oven safe to 350 degrees.Since ovens vary and forgetful cooks can not guarantee the oven temperature , this is a poor choice for REAL roasting !
 Never received item even after all there excuses . They do n't tell you something is out of stock like advertised . Next excuse , it was damaged going out of door . Had to cancel order . What a waist of time . Better shop somewhere else besides these people.If you e-mail them you will only get another excuse , beside them telling you that you are confused . O , by the way , I hope this helps there ratings . Have a bad day , not you , them .
 Bought this for our anniversary . Leather is the third year traditional wedding anniversary gift . Loved the picture online . Ours came with many things wrong with it . Was not happy . Also they call it wall art , but there is no way to hang it . It had dents and burn marks in the leather . Would not buy this again .
 I purchased this electric skillet because I was pleased with a previous skillet -LRB- Model 06852 -RRB- . The model 06852 is an attractive looking electric skillet that cooks beautiful , but one that I wanted to keep nice for company and buffets . I purchased this Model 06851 for everyday use . The only difference between the two models are the handles and the lids . The skillet size and design are identical . The first time I used the product it worked properly and was cooking up to my expectations . I have been cooking on electric skillets for over 30 years.The second time I used this skillet it began making a lot of noise -- much like it might be shorting out . It also started cooking much too hot , therefore , making the meat hard and burnt . I tried the temperature control plug for the model 06852 on the unit , but the problem persisted which told me the problem was in the coil in the pan itself.Just to be sure before I contacted Presto about their warranty , I made some Chicken Fried Steak in both pans at the same time , being sure to use the same temperature , and turning the food at the same time , and then simmering the steak at 200 degrees in a covered skillet to make it extra tender as I always do . The skillet model 06852 produced a beautiful meal , whereas the meat in the skillet model 06851 was hard and burnt . The meat came from the same package , so I know it was n't the food.This experiment told me for sure the newer skillet I purchased -LRB- model 06851 -RRB- a month and a half ago was indeed defective . So I called the Presto manufacturer at the number provided on the warranty paperwork . They told me I needed to send the unit back to them -- BUT I MUST PAY FOR THE SHIPPING . If I received a defective unit that is only one and a half months old then I believe THEY SHOULD be responsible for the shipping cost for the unit to be returned to them since they provide no place to drop it off for repairs or replacement . It is apparent they have very little faith in their products and make the consumer pick up the tab for the shipping on their defective units . This was unacceptable to me and now I am letting everyone know that if you buy ANY Presto Appliance , and the unit is defective , you will be responsible to spend yet more money -LRB- approx another $ 15 for further shipping costs -RRB- before you can obtain a working unit.In the future I plan on buying from a different manufacturer . I have purchased my last Presto product . I will not do business with a company that refuses to stand behind their products in a decent manner . I am not a person that throws away good money after bad . They give no guarantee that they will replace the unit with a working unit , so I could spend the rest of my life and a ton of money on shipping fees for defective merchandise from this company . You might want to think twice before you purchase a Presto Appliance , because any and all defective merchandise you receive YOU will have to PAY MORE MONEY for the shipping cost to get it fixed .
 I bought this pan and to my suprise I had to assemble the handles on the skillet and the lid . The handles on the skillet were not bad at all but the lid ... . Anyway , after I got it assembled , wash , and dried per the instruction manual I plugged it in a began cooking . It was amazing-my chicken came out beautiful ! Two days later I was cooking and the thing went out on me ! It became cool to the touch . I left it alone for a while thinking maybe I did something wrong-but I was already cooking at a low temperature . It did not come back on when I replugged it in . Hence I had to give it back . I was so disappointed . I am just glad it did not happen while cooking the feast I had planned for the following week . Save your money
 I bought this clock because it looked attractive and would sync itself to the atomic clock in Boulder , CO. . I thought , hey , this will be nice . Make my life easy.Boy was I wrong . Nothing about this clock makes my life easy.I 'm a computer geek , pretty comfortable with electronics and , for the life of me , I could n't ever remember how to use the numerous , overly complicated , poorly labelled controls on this thing . I want to set the alarm , not fly an airplane . What 's with all the buttons ? Any time I wanted to do anything more than turn on the radio , I had to pick up the cryptic manual and flip through it . This cute little clock has some of the most poorly designed controls I 've ever seen.To make matters worse , the radio rarely managed to sync itself to the atomic clock , so I usually had to set it manually . Finally , after 13 months , the clock broke , the dial spinning noisely and continuously like it was trying to get out and fly away . Normally , I 'd be angry when something this expensive breaks , but I was only too pleased to get this beast out of my house.Look , folks , a clock radio is supposed to be easy . It should tell the time , let me listen to the radio , and make noise at the appropriate times . It should n't require me to do work every time I want to use it.If you want to make your life more difficult , buy this clock . Otherwise , run away , run away .
 OK , the thing is solidly built , sounds good , and gets decent reception . Setting up the alarm is a nightmare , however , and I finally just gave up and use my little quartz clock when I need an alarm . And I am generally good at that stuff . It 's that bad . Also , there are three little buttons on the front -- see them ? The top one is power -- not the greatest idea , because you have to grasp the top edge with your finger while you push the button with your thumb -LRB- the buttons on top can simply be pushed without rocking the thing backward -RRB- . But , no biggy , I can live with that . The bottom button brightens the dial with a cool blue light -LRB- when not pushed , the light is dimmer , and fully adjustable from dim on up -- very nice -RRB- . So -- that is all fine . Now you have the middle , or Devil , button . It is RIGHT NEXT to the power button , mind you , and you will often be using this product in a state of sleepiness . Well , push that button ONCE and it sets a `` Nap Alarm '' . So
 This radio was not cheap . A number of issues are associated with the radio , namely its poorly visible clock at night . It does n't matter whether the lighting is at its brightest or dimmed , the clock is extremely difficult to read.Another shortcoming is the instruction booklet . You need to be a `` rocket scientist '' to attempt to decipher the instructions.Quality of the FM and AM sound -- excellent and that 's why it is now located in the home office area where its soft blue glow can be seen . The old $ 29.95 alarm clock radio is now back on the night stand doing the job it 's suppose to do !!!
 Had this since May 2007 , retired it after about 18 months.Pros
 The radio reception and the different alarm features are great ! However , the clock features are absolutely terrible . You have to be within 12 inches of the clock to see the time because it is so dim and blends into the blue background .
 I 'm a computer geek , and thought all of the features would be awesome to play with . Well , I got it and man was I wrong ! The FM reception is TERRIBLE ! I literally got 10x reception with a cheap $ 15 radio . It could n't even tune to my favorite station!The atomic clock receiver antenta is this large -LRB- 4 '' or so -RRB- bar shaped device which screws into the back of the clock , which looks pretty darn ugly . The controls are horrid , and you need to constantly read the manual to do anything , even use the radio!After two days this clock immediately went back for a refund . My $ 15 Emerson Research clock is vastly superior , easier to use , and almost as feature rich .
 This clock radio has it all ... almost . The Atomic clock synched right up , the sound is quite good , I like the `` Nap '' feature and the ability to set two alarms to two different times on each different day of the week is cool.So , I set it all up and put in my bedroom and when it got dark I realized the radio was useless to me - no matter how you set the backlighting brightness display you have to get right on top of the clock to read the display . So trying to set the nap timer or the sleep timer or change the alarm settings , after dark , becomes almost impossible . When you turn up the brightness the numerals just stay the same and the backlighting just gets brighter and glares in your face.The manual leaves a bit to be desired too and just ignores features like backup -LRB- which it seems to have because when you disconnect from power the clock continues to display and the setting are saved ; I just have no idea how long and if that feature is something I can count on -RRB- . Bottom line is I would surely keep the clock if I could only read it at night ... . but I ca n't ; so back it goes . Too bad .
 Nothing stays upright ! If I pull a lid out , all of the lids fall out . I wish the lids would lay a little bit better ...
 This is flimsy/lightweight . But I think that is the nature of these products , not just this model itself . Just the way they are designed . Okay , but not great .
 I do not love this item , mostly because of the support wire across both sides . the pans are elevated to a height that makes most of them too tight for the cabinet . Mine is a roll out drawer and the pans get caught , making this item relatively useless .
 I ordered this for my cake pans , muffin tins , etc. . The pictures shows a muffin tin in the rack , but none of my muffin tins or cake pans will slide into the openings . It is just sitting on my counter were I am wondering what I can do with it .
 This clock is pleasant to look at , although a little bigger than I thought . I gave this clock as a gift to be used as a bathroom counter clock . When a new battery was installed in the clock , it was discovered that this clock DOES NOT keep good time ! It lost several minutes even within the first hour . So , I can not recommend this clock if you are actually wanting to use it as a timepiece . I am in the process of determining whether there is something I can do to fix it or if a replacement clock will work .
 I gave mine to the Good Will after a couple frustrating months of trying to `` get used '' to the quirks ... . which are : The slots for `` sponges '' etc. , do not drain ! after a few days you can begin to see disgusting black mold fill the corners - so , you get to spend time cleaning the item that was supposed to help you to clean OTHER items.Also -LRB- and this may just be my hang-up -RRB- when you pick this caddy up and squirt into a soaking bowl in the sink , etc. , the item is very awkward and the sponges tend to fall out.The idea of this is good but the design , in my opinion , is flawed.I purchased a clear soap dispenser -LRB- which I found on Amazon through reader recommendations , thanks -RRB- and also a separate sponge holder - with drain holes ... Can not recommend the Interdesign # 67080
 This one of the worst purchases that I 've made . The sponge trays do not drain so you get mold . The soap dispenser leaks soap around the neck , so you get soap globs all over the dispenser . The product rusts . There is nothing good about this product . Do n't waste your money on this .
 It 's ridiculous they designed a product to be used near a sink that ca n't handle getting wet . The sponge trays do n't drain so your sponge will never fully dry and quickly gets disgusting and smelly . The `` stainless steel '' is just the look , not the actual material , apparently . Within days of use it started sprouting rust spots all over the silver areas . It looks horrible now and here I am shopping for a higher-quality replacement . Why would anyone even think of creating a product to be used near water that 's made of a material that rusts ? Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I would concur with the other reviewers , here . Not having a drain for the sponge is a real design oversight . The soap dispenser occasionally clogs and then ` splatt ! ' , just as you 're dressed for work or headed out to dinner , you have soap all over the front of you . I 'm not sure this does n't happen with other dispensers , but it has only added to my displeasure with this one . If you need a cheap dispenser -LRB- moving off to college -RRB- , this is fine . However , the main reason that I 'm throwing this dispenser away and looking for another , the `` stainless steel '' cap . Not long after I purchased the dispenser , it began to corrode and split . I risk a jagged cut to my fingers -LRB- have done this a number of times -RRB- each time I have to unscrew the cap to refill . Cheap , cheap , cheap .
 I bought this for my newly finished kitchen and was VERY DISAPPOINTED when the metal began to rust after 3 months . Not from the sponges , but on the outside of the unit . I have to have a towel underneath so it does n't damage my new countertop ! I do NOT recommend this product .
 I loved this soap dispenser at first . It really looked nice on my counter until it started to rust . I 've only had it for a few months , so it was definately not worth the money . I would not recommend this product .
 Seems like a good idea , until you use it . The soap container leaks after not very long at all , so the soap that leaks out causes the container itself to rust and leave rust stains on the counter and sink . The space under the sponge holder also gets soap leaked into that , so it looks permanently gross and rusty . For something that 's supposed to make your life look neater and more organized , it 's a disgusting mess.DON ' T BUY !
 I just threw this sucker away today ! The area for the sponges does n't drain at all , so unless you wash it often , you will have mold growing . Also , the neck of the soap dispenser leaks horribly and this thing rusts in no time flat . Save your money !!
 I have owned this for several years . I purchased it at Linens n Things a while back . I have to clean the unit twice or more a week . It does n't drain and is prone to mold . It also has rusted . I am throwing it out to buy another . Do n't bother spending the money .
 In short order this unit will be rusting on the outside of its alleged stainless base and moldy on the inside . It could have been designed to drain into a plastic base that could have been easily removed for proper cleaning but the manufacturer clearly was not interested in making a unit that would last . In the end , this unit is unhealthy and unsightly , resembling a lab experiment gone horribly wrong ! Buy only if you plan on replacing it at frequent intervals !!!
 It is a nice and functional design , but base and soap pump rusted very quickly . Finding that `` stainless steel '' and `` Brushed Chrome '' and variations are often painted plastic .
 This was great , until it started to leak ! It was compact and looked good , but after about 3 weeks it started leaking soap all around the bottom . Yuck !
 The soap leaks out the bottom and creates a big mess . Apparently there is no seal between the plastic and the bottom `` stainless . '' The soap leaks out slowly , so eventually you notice hard white crust on the seam . Too bad ... it looks great , but has to be scrubbed every few days ... and you lose a lot of liquid soap in the process !
 I purchased this thinking it was a good design but when actually using it discovered it was one of the worst purchases I 've ever made and have thrown it out after only a couple of months usage . It does not drain . it molds . it looks old quickly . it is not helpful whatsoever . the sad part is I bought it retail and paid a lot more than this for it .
 Yes , they are soft , but you can practically see through them . And I washed them the first time before ever using them and there are holes already ! Piece of garbage . I want my money back !
 The king size sheet does not really fit the mattress . and the instructions says it will shrink after washing . I am yet to try it out after washing . but i am sure its not going to fit.its better to avoid this for king size beds and get the king size for a queen size bed .
 The material is fine but the king size do n't fit - they keep pulling off the corners - not full-cut at all - very annoying .
 Do not make the same mistake that I did . I could not belive that I paid money for theese , T-Shirt like sheets ! I threw them in the trash after one night of sleeping on them . `` Evil Sheets ! ''
 I gave this as a Christmas gift to my daughter . She later told me that the product was defective .
 I was about to purchase this product until I read the proposition for the state of California residents warning . This product could be a health risk !
 We had a Cooks brand griddle that we had purchased for almost nothing . It worked very well for many years , but finally the finish became worn , so it needed to be replaced . We purchased this one . The first negative thing was that the little grease tray fell out -LRB- it does not have stops to keep this from happening -RRB- and broke the corner off . Then whenever we went to use it , the balance was off a bit and it was wobbly . It did , however , warm up evenly and the food was cooked evenly as well . The handles seem to be made of the same material as the grease tray , so I hope it holds . It does hold a lot , which is the main reason we chose this one .
 I owned a Presto griddle for 10 years before it started wearing out . I wanted to replace it with another Presto . Like others have said , this one cooks very unevenly . It gives me striped pancakes and sandwiches . It also gets way too hot when you set it on the recommended temperatures . After a couple months of getting frustrated I 'm finally exchanging it . Looking at other reviews , i doubt i 'll get another Presto griddle . I do n't know how some people are happy with theirs , then some seem defective . Wish it were more consistant .
 Some men are good at what they do at work . Others are good sportsguys . And others are good lovers . I fancy myself as a mean pancake cook.Oohh boy can I flip a tasty flapjack . So I wanted to move away from the standard pan frying and got my self this griddle.BIG MISTAKE . I have tried it over and over theses few months . It has uneven surface heat distribution . And I used a heat thermometer only to find it doses not get as hot as the dial set temp . Result is my pancakes are not to perfection.Maybe some of the other presto products are ok . Not this one . Back to the frying pan . I 'll try makin some bacon .
 Not so big or very handy . Does NOT tilt to drain and a pain to clean . Overall not recommended , should have kept old grill .
 Normally , I hate to give bad reviews since I think most products are disproportionately represented with negative reviews already . On this product , however , I feel that the exact opposite is true.This review ran longer than I meant it to , so here is a quick overview if you do n't want to read it all :1 -RRB- Uneven cooking surface -LRB- horrible for things like pancakes -RRB- 2 -RRB- Does n't heat evenly -LRB- it is very hot around the outside and cool in the middle -RRB- 3 -RRB- Heats up slowly -LRB- probably to make sure the middle is at least a little hot -RRB- 4 -RRB- This is specific to mine , but the grease tray broke in half on the third use when I was n't even touching it.Now , on to the details ... We got this griddle about 2 weeks ago to replace the unit that we 've used for the last 15 years -LRB- although we 've really only been using it heavily for the last couple of years -RRB- . The teflon was coming off the old griddle and the heating unit was starting to go out . When ordering the new griddle , I kind of thought they were probably all the same so I picked one that was reasonably priced and that had reasonably good reviews.The first thing we did with the new griddle was to warm tortillas - I have to say that went perfectly well ; so , if that 's what you want it for , this is probably a great buy . After that , things went downhill pretty quickly.The next morning , I broke out the new griddle to make some pancakes . I noticed that it seemed to take a long time to warm up , but that is n't really that big of a deal to me so I just waited patiently . When I started pouring the pancake mix onto the griddle surface , it immediately became obvious that it was n't completely flat . The pancakes all ran together into the center of the griddle and came out as long oval shapes that I had to cut apart with the spatula - that was the first really irritating problem . The second problem is that it cooks very unevenly and the stuff in the middle hardly cooks at all while everything around the edges burns . I 've never had pancakes that turned out worse.As one last example of the uneven heating , I also made grilled ham & cheese sandwiches for the kids on this . Each sandwich had a burned line running exactly where it had been sitting over the heating element - it was almost funny , the rest of the sandwich was just fine.Anyway , we ordered another brand of griddle to replace this one , but I had already thrown the box away so I ca n't return it - oh well ... The new one has n't come yet , but I 'm a bit nervous now that I know that not all griddles are the same.Edit
 I purchased this item as a result of the positive ratings on this product . I was very disappointed in the quality in that the cooking surface is very thin and the heating element is a single loop that is attached to the bottom of the surface . This causes the heat to be concentrated primarily in the area of the heating element which results in extremely uneven heating on the cooking surface . I allowed the unit to preheat and when I cooked pancakes there was a dark streak in the area where they were over the heating element . I would not recommend this product .
 I purchased this griddle to replace one that I had used every weekend for 5 years . This was the highest rated model on amazon so I got it . Right off the bat I knew this was not going to go well . The temperature range was was off -LRB- 250 degrees on the dial got me over 350 on the surface of the griddle -RRB- . Additionally the material of the griddle is too thin . Every pancake I made was overdone in the center and underdone on the edges . Also you could see that the overdone parts were right over the element creating a nice 1 '' stripe on each pancake . I tried making it work over the several months but it 's time to try a new one . : -LRB-
 These new one 's sure are not like the older one . It 's ok for me I 'm in no hurry to eat half the time anyway . Takes forever to heat up , my old one was cooking on 200 , this one is like warm temp at 200 . It 's not made out of the stuff like the older one . I kept my old one around to use if I get tired of this one .
 WE HAD AN OLDER PRESTO WE REPLACED THAT WORKED GREAT . THIS ONE HEATS VERY UNEVENLY AND TRYING TO GET A HEAT SEETING THAT WILL NOT EITHER UNDERCOOK OR BURN PANCAKES IS NEAR IMPOSSIBLE . VERY DISSAPOINTED .
 DO NOT BUY these under-shelf holders unless you plan on using it to store cups that are shaped * exactly * like the small rounded ones depicted in the photo above . The hooks on these holders are so very close together -- and you ca n't adjust the spacing -- that unless your cups can stack to fit INSIDE one another , you wo n't be able to hang them on this holder.I bought a set of these holders to store my coffee mug collection , because the item title does SAY `` mug holder '' -LRB- silly me -RRB- . My coffee mugs are not unusual ; they are your average cylinder-shaped mugs with a handle on one side . But they do n't FIT on the holder ! They are too tall to stack in a row given the spread of the hooks , and the hooks are so little that the thick handles of the mugs almost slide right off and will drop and break . These holders really seem to be only made for petite , delicate china cups or something of that ilk.Also , the width of the space that you slide over a shelf is an odd dimension . It is too thin to slide over -LRB- what I thought was -RRB- an average shelf width in my kitchen , which turned out to be too big for the holder . So then I tried to hang them on a smaller shelf over the microwave , and although it fit , it hung very loosely and wobbles all around to the point that I worry it will slide right off and break whatever I hang from the holder.All in all , this was a very frustrating product . I ca n't return it because I tore off the cardboard packaging -LRB- so I could hang mugs from it ... -RRB- and now I 'm stuck with it . I bought it because it was less money than similar items , and it turns out you get what you pay for . I urge you to pay the few extra bucks and get one of those mug holders that you can mount into the bottom of your shelf with some screws .
 Strictly recommended for cups of smallest size available ... i guess 12 expresso cups will fit ... . hooks are spaced so close about 6 average size cups will fit not 12 ... about mugs hmmmmm 1 or 2 may b only if holder of mug is thin and sleek .
 If you use very small cups , this is for you . If like most people you use average size mugs and cups , you can get maybe 4 or 5 on the rack , not worth the money .
 I ordered this as a Christmas present for my brother-in-law , but was very disappointed when I received it . The tap is much smaller than it appears -LRB- 6 inches tall -RRB- and is simply two cone shaped pieces of plastic that fit together . The plastic is cheap and scratched ... this item is WAYYYY overpriced . Upon delivery there are no instructions or materials for customizing it . I feel like I got taken advantage of .
 After 1 use this piece of junk became stuck and I ca n't even remove the black insert to change it out . Do not buy this or anything else from Kegworks . Their customer service was n't the least bit helpful and would not offer a refund or even an exchange . Probably the worst customer service I 've ever heard . I own a bar and WOULD have bought quite a few of these but wo n't be spending another cent at Kegworks .
 I was hesitant to buy this small casserole dish as I felt $ 15.00 for such a small dish from a manufacturer I had no experience with , could be a mistake . I am far from a tight wad , trust me , as I bought another casserole dish at the same time that was almost the same size from the Le Creuset line , and I paid $ 30.00 without thinking twice . I have purchased Le Creuset before , and they have proven to be the Cadillac where their potteries line is concerned . Chantal , on the other hand , I knew nothing about . To my dismay , the dish arrived in poor condition . It was not broken and the red glaze was attractive , but the base of the dish was obviously deformed . I was quite surprised that someone at the Chantal factory would even put the dish in a box to sell , it should have gone on the trash heap . Still , the set was intact and in one piece . Perhaps that was enough for Chantal 's quality standards ? It 's only saving grace was that when the lid is on , you ca n't see the deformed corner on the base dish . BUT ... To top it all off , the inside rim of the lid was gimpy as well , and therefore would only fit on the base one way . Because the lids rim is gimpy , it sits crocked when it is in place and looks ridiculously stupid . I emailed customer service and told them of the manufactures defect in the dish . They in turn sent me Chantal 's customer service phone number . This is where it gets good . I was very polite and apologetic for bothering them . I told them the problem and I was promptly told in so many words that Chantal does not deal with customers , unsatisfied or otherwise . I was directed to contact Amazon for my customer satisfaction needs . I am not sure why Chantal even has a customer service department . They obviously are not worried about their public image , so why bother to staff the department at all . If cost is not an issue , buy Le Creuset . If cost is an issue , stick with Pyrex or Corning Ware as they have good products with good customer service departments and cost less than Chantal . The Chantal line is definitely not worth any cost ! The only reason I gave this dish one star , was I could not give it less . I want it to be known that Amazon did indeed take care of the issue of customer satisfaction above and beyond the call after all was said and done . Although I found my experience with Chantal extremely disappointing , Amazon 's resolution was more than heartening .
 Rusted at spout and inside , soap was coming out green . I do n't think it 's really stainless steel . Smelled awful the first time I had to replace the soap .
 I chose this product because of the design , but after a few months it got rusted at spout and it also leaks from the spout .
 First the good points
 On first day of use the whistle fell out of the spout . The plastic of the whistle had melted . Who knows what toxins were released ? We 're going back to $ 7 kettle and will return this to Macy 's . It 's pretty . But what a rip off !
 Great looking and seemed to be of high quality but out of the box there were problems that got worse over time
 I purchased this Chantal Swan style kettle a few years ago , and I use it daily . Not long ago , I realized that the whistle was not working , and upon close inspection , realized that a pin holding the whistle top to the shaft was broken . I removed the black plastic whistle part by sliding it out of the metal spout , and found that the plastic interior of it was partially melted as well ! Bad news from the manufacturer - they do not sell the replacement part any more , even though you can find it on their website . So , dear consumers , I can not recommend this product . It 's too much money to ride on a plastic part that 's low quality and can not be replaced , and they do not stand by their claim that `` it will last forever '' if they do n't stock parts for older styles ! It 's also very difficult to clean the stainless exterior without a lot of scrubbing with a powder -LRB- Bartender 's Best Friend works best -RRB- because the finish holds dirt and `` carmelizes '' it on the surface . I would recommend getting an enamel finish if you like your kettle to look shiny long after you 've purchased it .
 Nice enough tea kettle , however it does not work on induction burners -LRB- as advertised -RRB- . That 's the reason I purchased it ... and returned it !
 I was disappointed in this Cooking twine holder . I do not like that the assembly does not stay attached to the base . I notice that there are tiny marks and teeth that should grab the base to keep it in place , but it does not . I have tried to place a large amount of pressure to secure it to the base to no avail . I thought the entire assembly would be attached already just like a paper towel holder . It is not .
 Right out of the box , the spindle was detached from the base , and with no way to re-attach it securely . Made it effectively useless . The spindle was &#34; spiked &#34; into the base -LRB- a soft wood -RRB- with 4 metal teeth about 3/16 &#34; in length ; not enough , apparently , to keep it attached . A very small modification to the design -LRB- a screw from the bottom of the base into the spindle -RRB- would have kept the entire thing secure , but I guess this was a faster , cheaper method of construction . Well , cheapness has its telling points , and this product makes them very clear.Further , I am a meat-cutter by trade and I work everyday with butcher 's twine , and this ai n't it ! The &#34; string &#34; here is just that - loosely woven , thick cotton twine not properly suited for use with food dishes that you would want to present to guests . . I could easily fix this with a steel washer and a longer screw , but I do n't feel I should pay full price for something that arrives defective , nor should I have to put effort into making something right that should have come that way . Even had it arrived in tact , it would not have been worth the cost.I am returning this and , for another few dollars , will buy a similar product elsewhere with a hardwood spindle/base and a cotton/linen blended string .
 Spool holder has a metal bolt extending out of the bottom . Result is that holder does not sit solid and it scratches the kitchen counter top . I emailed Regency about the problem two weeks ago and they did not reply . I will update my review if Regency should decide to provide customer service on their defective product .
 The sheets were way too small and very thin . I can not use them . I have n't had time to send them back or even answer this email till now . I 've always been so satisfied with the products I 've bought on Amazon . I 'm not used to having to send anything back . I do n't think I have the packing slip or anything any more . I was just going to keep them and use them for rags or something . You win some ; you lose some .
 I bought 3 sets of these sheets , and all of them are way too small for the mattresses they were made for , even before washing & drying . It 's a huge struggle to just get the fitted sheet to cover the mattress , only to have it pop off a few seconds later . Also , the material is so thin , you can see through it , and it 's not nearly as soft as the other jersey knit sheet sets I 've had . On the queen size set we bought , they did n't even bother to make the 2 pillowcases out of the same material , so they appear to be 2 different colors . I thought I was getting a good deal because they were discounted so much , but after seeing them , there 's no way the actual retail price of these is $ 62.00 . I 've seen better at Wal-Mart for a small fraction of that . I ca n't believe Amazon still has these for sale !
 They are soft , however they shrink terribly even having used the low setting on the dryer . The pillow case seams do not line up with the pillow , in fact it was so bad I have replaced them.I would n't bother !
 These sheets barely fit my double size guest bed now , the fitted mattress needs to be held down by clips so it does n't slip off and the flat sheet is hardly wide enough for the bed - I 'd never buy these again !
 Very comfortable but I had trouble getting them on my full size bed . They were definitely too small .
 I mistakenly did n't read the above reviews , and purchased them . They are TOTAL JUNK . I returned them for a refund . Do n't waste your time - they are see through , and stretch like a rubber band . What junk !
 I thought I was receiving good quality sheets , should of known . These are horrible sheets . They are super thin , I can see my mattress pad right through them and they do n't even fit my mattress . I thought I had received the wrong size , but it said queen . What a complete waste ! HORRIBLE !
 I am absolutely disappointed in this product ! Not only did I buy one set , I bought two ! The fabric is practically sheer and the fitted sheet barely covers the top of the mattress . Forget about actually trying to get it to fit the mattress ... it simply will not fit . I have another set of Jersey Knit Sheets and they are great , so I was expecting similar quality , but these sheets are anything BUT quality ! I would love to know how they could ever get the list price of $ 112.00 for these sheets ! I HATE THEM!It also say sKhaki ... it is more like the color of Dijon MustardVERY DISSAPPOINTED !
 I bought these sheets and washed/dryed them . The did not fit the bed at all . The are cut for a square shape bed I guess , because they did not fit our bed . Maybe the are irregular or something ? Not quite sure . I will check the measurements again and double check . Be careful before buying .
 What a disappointment ! I purchased this sheet set believing it was a quality item , as it `` retails '' for $ 112 . I have purchased jersey sheet sets previously , and have been very pleased with the quality and fit . However , this set is completely useless . The fabric itself is quite sheer ; I literally could see my hand through the fabric . After washing , I attempted to put the sheets on the bed . The corner seams of the fitted sheet did not accommodate a deep mattress -LRB- unusual for bedsheets these days -RRB- , and the top sheet was neither square , nor of sufficient size to allow overhang . It barely covered the top of the mattress . I was unable to tuck in the sheet at the bottom of the bed . I am VERY disappointed in what was advertised as high quality . I , too , will be trying to return them .
 I bought these sheets because they were on sale at Amazon . They are soft , a pretty yellow , and nice to sleep in . However , the sizing is way off . I bought the queen size sheets , and it was very short and would not fit well over queen size mattress . I am currently using it on my twin size mattress -LRB- it actually fits pretty well , a little baggy -RRB- because I did n't want to go through the hassle of a return . These were inexpensive , but here I do n't think I even got what I paid for - a queen size sheet set . If you are sheet hunting , I would not recommend that you purchase these . On a side note , for the sale price at Amazon -LRB- I think around $ 20 -RRB- you can get better quality jersey that fits well at Target . And if you did n't like it , returns would be easier than at Amazon . Just a thought .
 These sheets are not quality . They are no way equal to the value that the seller has assigned to them . The jersey material is very thin and the construction technique is inferior . They are NOT a bargain !
 Unfortunately I made the mistake of not looking at the customer reviews before I purchased this product . I 've washed the sheet set on the cold-cold cycle and tumble dried , specifically noting not to overdry and have now placed the sheet set on the bed.Everything the prior reviews have said is true . Our sheet set barely hangs over the side edges -LRB- note
 These are the worst sheets I have ever seen ! I have just started really purchasing quality bedding and am so disappointed by this purchase . The sheets are virtually paper thin , the stitching is terrible , the pillowcases were completely stretched out as well . I have another set of Jersey Knits that I purchased at WalMart about 4 years ago and they are thicker and better quality than these are even after 4 years . Quality is so poor that I am eating the shipping costs and sending them back .
 Save your money . I wish I would have read the reviews on this sheet set before ordering . I ordered the full set , washed them in cold water and dried them on low heat as listed on the instructions and they shrunk . If this is the quality of merchandise that Amazon is going to be selling I think I 've just placed my last order with them . The quality of these sheets is absolutely the worst and I ca n't imagine anyone paying full price for them . I 'll have to use them on a twin size bed - ca n't use them on the full size bed .
 I received this sheet set thinking that it would be a decent quality since it retails for $ 112.00 , however , when I opened it up , the sheets , soft as they were , were quite thin . Also , when I went to put it on my bed , the pillowcases were not hemmed right . One of them only had one side hem and when I tried to straighten the case , it was crooked and when placed on the pillow , had both top corners which are normally on the side of the pillow , in the front and back . The other pillow case was hemmed on both sides as it should have been , but when put on the pillow , was still crooked as the first one . I have another jersey sheet set and I am aware of how they are to fit on the pillows and mattresses . I am in the process of returning this set .
 It shrank so bad.I just use for one day , kids mess it up so I have to wash it next day -LRB- with cold water -RRB- , then that 's it , ca n't use it anymore . It shrank so bad !!! I think we all need refund for this.Please do n't sell this produce anymore !
 Why oh why did n't I read reviews ? I think this item was in my gold box , and so I bought it on the fly ... OMG ! I bought queen sized , washed according to instructions and they shrunk down SO MUCH !! I was able to use the pillowcases , but they 're SO thin . I use them as a pillow cover , and then put the real pillowcase over it . My rabbit gives the sheets 5 stars though - he loves burrowing and snuggling in them in his cage .
 I washed the set as instructed and it shrank so much that It would not fit on my mattress
 Horrible sheets - poor material and they do not fit the size mattress called for .
 And the sheets suck , too . Ok . I was trying to be clever , but these sheets are of terrible quality . I opened one of the three sets that I ordered and have since returned the other two . I bought them because they were a `` featured item '' on my main page here at Amazon , and I thought they would be a nice change of pace . I was wrong . I have had good jersey sheets in the past . I bought them at one of those big , box retailers for less than these sheets , and I loved them . These were ill-fitting and so thin and `` porous '' that I could feel the surface of the matress through them . Stay away ! Now , if Amazon would just process my return ...
 then it usually is ! That 's the lesson I learned today when I received these sheets . I tossed them into the washer before using them . When they came out of the dryer , only the pillowcases were the same size as before they went in . The top sheet and fitted sheet were just about big enough for a twin bed.This is really a disappointment ! I 've purchased knit sheets in the past and they were good quality , which is what persuaded me to purchase these . They were listed as originally retailing at over $ 100 , so I expected better quality.On the other hand , they did wash up beautifully , very soft , just like the `` favorite t-shirt '' that the package promised , in spite of the shrinkage .
 Terrible , not jersy knit soft at all . The sheets were scratchy and ruff . Would not buy again . The fitted sheet fit fine , but the top sheet was half the size of the fitted and did not fit at all .
 The Royal Heritage 100 % Cotton Jersey Knit Sheets were supposed to fit a King-Size bed . Maybe they were queen-size at best . Returned !
 Bad deal . Came with a pillow case mis-sown , shrunk after the intial wash and faded rapidly . I have had Jersey knit sheets before and loved them , but these were not worth the $ 10 I paid for them . They are now used to cover things or for other random-sheet needs , but not for my bed .
 I purchased these sheets last year thinking they were a good deal and put the package away unopened as I had plenty of sets at the time . When I finally opened them last month I found , like other reviewers , that they are not the correct size and are of very poor quality . Lesson learned to always check sheets as soon as they arrive and to stay far away from the Royal Heritage brand .
 And the sheets suck , too . Ok . I was trying to be clever , but these sheets are of terrible quality . I opened one of the three sets that I ordered and have since returned the other two . I bought them because they were a `` featured item '' on my main page here at Amazon , and I thought they would be a nice change of pace . I was wrong . I have had good jersey sheets in the past . I bought them at one of those big , box retailers for less than these sheets , and I loved them . These were ill-fitting and so thin and `` porous '' that I could feel the surface of the matress through them . Stay away ! Now , if Amazon would just process my return ...
 I returned the sheets because they were too thin and not very soft .
 Horrible . The seams were crooked . The queen size we ordered would n't fit on a twin mattress . You could see through them . I guess what do you expect for $ 20 . What I do n't understand is why Amazon continues to sell things that get this horrible of reviews and is consistently returned by buyers . I would have given it 0 stars if this were a choice .
 This is my first time to buy a jersey knit sheet and I 'm very disappointed after first washing it shrunk . Wo n't buy another one .
 I thought that 19.99 was a great deal for a set of jersey sheets retailing for 100 + . However , upon further research , I realized that jersey sheets retail for around that price at regular b & m ; -LRB- bricks and mortar -RRB- stores.My main problem with these sheets is that the color described - khaki - is actually a mustard yellow color . It 's not in my opinion flattering AT ALL . Therefore , this is going back.I gave it 2 starts because the fabric did feel soft and stretchy although I do n't think it was hemmed too well .
 Sheets were to small and would not fit on a queen bed . I could n't get the sheets to stretch to all 4 corners.Pillow cases are irregular and twisted with seams spirling around .
 I 've read lots of reviews and customer comments when shopping for different items online . The one thing that I find the most annoying is the buyer who seems to have a unique problem and posts comments slamming the product when the solution was truely outside the scope of the purchased item . Okay , all this lead in to say that these sheet are not very good . They are quite thin and do not fit well on the mattress size they are intended for . I would n't buy them again , I know they were not expensive , but even so , the quality is very low . Hope this helps you out !
 My mistake for washing linen before placing it on my mattress . The sheets are so small , they must have been the wrong size . The tag says QUEENMy other set are great.Never again .
 I too thought that these would be a good set for the price , When we tried to put the fitted sheet on the bed it was like a bad commercial , you put one corner on , the opposite would pop off , again and again and again.They would not fit.These are also very thin . The box said that they would feel like sleeping in your favorite soft tee shirt , yup , my thin 5 year old tee shirt that are in the rag pile ! The pillow cases were hemmed wrong too . . Hey ours were Ugly Mustard Yellow too . I would n't even try to sell these at a yard sale ! These are on their way back to Amazon .
 Even before one washes these queen sheets , they do n't fit a queen bed . They just MIGHT fit a full bed , which I happen to have so perhaps they can be of some use . The package claims they are deliberately oversized to account for shrinkage -- garbage . Do n't buy these sheets .
 They are a lot thinner than the Hanes brand jersey sheets I purchased a couple years back , but would be cozy ... if they fit right . Most nights they pop off the bed , the cover sheet ca n't cover two properly , and the get all stretchy and bunched in the middle . I do n't believe for a second that these sheet retailed for $ 100-something ... the quality is mediocre at best . I 'm disappointed that I bought two sets .
 These sheets are the worst ! They are square ! Do n't fit the bed and are very thin ! Do n't waste your money ! I put mine in the rag box after 1 use !
 sheets did not fit bed properly , pillowcase seams where crooked and came across middle of pillow . not at all impressed with the quality or workmanship .
 I found these sheets to be rough . They shrank after I washed them per instructions . They were like other $ 19 sheets I have bought even though they were supposedly valued at a much higher cost .
 They were comfy for about two days , then they got the little beads that cheap t-shirts get after a few washes -- and I only washed the sheets once ! I guess you get what you pay for .
 Had I taken the time to read the reviews , I would n't have wasted my money on these sheets . They are terrible . Once washed , the sizing is completely off and will never fit properly again . They advertise to be prewashed , preshrunk but that does n't appear to be the case , as well as ` soft as your favorite tee shirt ' ... NOT . Hope this is helpful to someone else . Wish I 'd read the reviews first !!!
 I bought these sheets thinking they were a good deal . Too good to be true is more like it . The queen size set does n't come close to covering a standard queen size mattress . The material is so thin you can see through it . They did n't even bother to make the two pillowcases out of the same material , so they do n't even match each other . I just wish there was some way to get my money back . Do n't waste yours !
 i thought these sheets were like sandpaper . they are the worst sheets i have ever bought .
 The description looked great - I have other jersey sheets which I like very much for for spring and fall weight . Turns out these are terminally cheap - so light weight they ca n't hold shape an feel cheesey as they keep coming off the mattress!Save your money !
 Do not be fooled by what is listed as a high original price . These sheets are not worth even the low sale price . The knit of the fibers is large and loose , the stiching on the seams is large and coming out in places , and they just do n't seem like they 'd last through more than five washings . I sent back the two sets I ordered despite having to pay $ 14 to FEDEX them and also then was charged for the original shipping by Amazon because my complaint `` is not their fault '' .
 Sheet had a brown spot on it , appeared to be sown in the fabric could n't get it out had to throw sheet away
 DO NOT BUY THESE ! They are cheaply made and ill-fitting . I do n't know WHAT kind of bed they would fit . I bought the the twin size , and the fitten sheet is not even close -- too wide on the narrow end , and too short on the long side ! The flat sheet and pillow case wo n't even fold squarely . What a waste of money ! Shame on you , Amazon . Listen to your customers ' feedback ... like I should have done !
 i agree these sheets are horrible . . i should have know better . . I have the same issues as every one else does . . I dont know what will happen after the second wash . . They will proably fit the crib . . Dont waste your money .
 These sheets are horrible , the weight is extremely light . They were supposed to be queen size , but did not fit my bed . Additionally , when I tried to put them on my bed , I poked a hole through the fitted sheet with my finger . They 'll be used for dusting perhaps .
 I bought these sheets in king size . Laundered them according to the instructions . When I went to put them on my bed they would not fit . Not even close . I believe they would not fit a full size bed . The pillow cases were so bad that one side was probably 3 inches longer than the other after washing . These might be good for washing an automobile now . Miserable product .
 I washed these sheets before putting them on my bed and the fitted sheet wo n't cover my mattress at all . The top sheet is too small , and the pillowcases shrunk into odd shapes after washing . The fabric is very thin and almost see-through . Disappointing purchase and waste of money .
 I bought these sheets and I am very disappointed . Sheet does n't fit bed , it does n't cover the sides of the mattress . The pillowcases are irregular and the seams do n't even match .
 Neither the fitted sheet , flat sheet nor pillow case fit properly ... Way too small or uneven . Plus the fabric is very scratchy to the skin . Save your money .
 I should have read the reviews before buying . What a waste of time and money ! I ordered the quees size , but doubt if they would even fit a twin size bed ! They are so thin too . DO N'T BUY !
 Do n't buy these sheets ! I could sew straighter seams when I was 10 . The sheets themselves were alright , not perfect and for some reason they do n't cover the sides of the mattress but the pillowcases are hilarious ! They wo n't stay on the pillows because they are almost square and the seams are all over the place and wavy . Do n't waste your money on these the Hanes jersey sheets are much much better , and have always fit . Thankfully this set was just purchased as a spare for laundry days !
 I bought these sheets and not only are they paper thin and poor quality but they do not fit my bed at all . Do not waste your time on these ...
 Please dont buy these sheets they are such poor quality . They are see through sheets . They are so thin and scratchy and they dont fit the bed , I blame myself because I thought I was getting a deal when I saw the price . Not !! Dont waste your time .
 These sheets are too small for our bed as well . I would buy a size bigger if you can . They are very poorly made though and not a good quality i bought 2 sets and one was sewn diagonally down the pillowcases , so i sent it back , they other one i ended up putting on my daughters full bed . You can find better sheets , i would not buy these again .
 I am very unhappy with this purchase . The fabric is very thin and after the first use the sheets were full of pills and looked liked they had been used for years instead of one week .
 These are the absolute worst sheets I have ever purchased . The sizing advertised is incorrect , right out of the packaging . The material is of poor quality and the color is faded at best . I would not suggest purchasing these sheets at any price .
 The pillow cases in this set were horrible.After I washed them they are `` twisted so bad i can not put them on my pillow '' . The sheets seemed to be ok , But the pillow cases are suitable for cleaning rags.I will not be able to use them .
 You can buy a much higher quality `` t-shirt '' sheet set for the same price of $ 19.99 at Target . Those sheets feel soft , are of MUCH higher quality , and last a LOT longer.The sheets I received were also sewn together incorrectly so that the seams of the pillowcases were set at a diagonal!After just one washing , the sheets shrunk A LOT -LRB- I have owned a lot of sheets in the past and never had a problem by simply following the directions on the tag -RRB- and do n't properly fit my bed any longer.The material is thin . Really not good quality at all . I strongly advice AGAINST purchasing these ... especially when Target offers a much higher-quality alternative for the SAME PRICE !!!!
 These are the worst quality sheets I have ever encountered in 30 years of sheet buying ! Not only are they simply of poor quality -- poorly made , flimsy , shoddy , unplesant to the touch -- the sheets I received were sewn together incorrectly so that the seams of the pillowcases were set at a diagonal ! Not only were the pillowcases bizarrely narrow for any standard pillow width , but because of this odd spiral skew on the seam , they were unfoldable and unsightly when you forced the pillow into them -LRB- the seam always showing in front where flat section of fabric is on normal pillowcases -RRB- . I bought my set on sale from something ridiculous like $ 100 down to $ 20 . They are not worth $ 5 . The advertisement about the comfort of Jersey-knit is an absolute joke in this case -- this type of sheet is usually extremely comfortable , with a dense knit that makes the fabric soft to the touch . These sheets are so skimpy in terms of material that they 're almost like mesh -- not something you 'd necessarily want close to your skin !
 They are soft , however they shrink terribly even having used the low setting on the dryer . The pillow case seams do not line up with the pillow , in fact it was so bad I have replaced them.I would n't bother !
 They are definately not $ 112 sheets . The quality is really poor and as a previous reviewer mentioned the pillow case is sewn at a diagonal . I am not going to bother putting them on . My mistake ... I should have read people 's reviews before I bought them .
 I was heartbroken when I finally took these sheets out of the package . I bought them as part of my Valentine 's day present for my fiance , and now all he 's going to get is a box of chocolates . I went ahead and washed them so he could put them on as soon as he got them . When I got them out of the dryer , part of the hem had already come undone ! The pillow cases were seamed wrong and the fabric was ridiculously thin . The fabric sure was n't the `` soft t-shirt '' in the product descripton ; I would n't buy a t-shirt that scratchy ! At twenty-four dollars , I was completely ripped off . This sheet set is going back to Amazon .
 I am surprise how bad the quality is ... really it is a waste of money
 I ordered and received these sheets in twin size . They 're fine in terms of fabric , etc. , but they 're JUST TOO SMALL . They do n't adequately fit a twin bed . Ca n't use 'em . The price is great , but they 're no bargain if you ca n't use 'em .
 they are awful , they are cut & stretches in such a way that already they do not fit well on the mattress , so every time you move the corners get loose & the fitted sheet rolls under your body , quality of the jersey is very poor , it 's like sleeping with a tee shirt that was washed thousand of times , the only good thing I pay only $ 20 & I shld be paid to have bought thoses sheets.never ever again , as far as I am concern it gives Amazon a bad reputation
 And the sheets suck , too . Ok . I was trying to be clever , but these sheets are of terrible quality . I opened one of the three sets that I ordered and have since returned the other two . I bought them because they were a `` featured item '' on my main page here at Amazon , and I thought they would be a nice change of pace . I was wrong . I have had good jersey sheets in the past . I bought them at one of those big , box retailers for less than these sheets , and I loved them . These were ill-fitting and so thin and `` porous '' that I could feel the surface of the matress through them . Stay away ! Now , if Amazon would just process my return ...
 These sheets were advertised/hyped up to be of good quality . After one washing , they were even thinner , the pillow cases were crooked and the seams did not line up straight , thus difficult to put on . The sheets were difficult to place on the bed as the were wonked and did n't line up smooth.I have purchased many items through Amazon over the years and this was the only item of poor quality.I have 4 sets of jersey sheets all of great quality and these are truly unuseable . I waited over 30 days , so can not return . Will use them for dust rags .
 These sheets are awful . Out of the package they did n't fit the bed well and had to be stretched to fit . Once on , they were so thin that I could read the label on the mattress through them . Once washed the formally sub-king sized sheets were perfect for a full size bed but slightly too small for a queen bed . Awful !!!
 Same problem with my queen set . After washing them before use , the fitted sheet was smaller than a queen size bed . The colors after the wash also faded causing a nonmatching color set . If you wan na try Jersey Knit , shop at a local store where returns are easier .
 First , the set of sheets we ordered had the wrong sized bottom sheet in the package . Second , it did n't feel like cotton , even after washing . It felt like poly . I am returning this set of jersey sheets . I would n't want to keep them , even if the bottom sheet fit the bed .
 I do n't know where to begin with these sheets . They were so inexpensive and sounded so lovely , I could n't wait to see them . Life is so cruel , sometimes . I was initially disappointed with the whole shipment -LRB- I also ordered other cotton sheets -RRB- , but these jersey knits were abominable . When I first opened the box they were delivered in , the sheets had a terrible chemical odour and they were hard and stiff as if they had been starched , but with an oily residue . I probably should have returned them all at this point ; that 's my fault , but instead , I washed all the sheet sets 2-3 times and I have had little problem with the other cotton ones -LRB- there are a lot of loose threads and the sheet edges curl because the hemming is rather thin , but they are still serviceable -RRB- . However , it 's the jersey knits that are the real problem . They are thin as gauze and cut on such a narrow bias that the sheets are almost diamond shaped with the skimpiness of the cut and material . The contour sheets do n't even fit my mattress ; they 're not made for the more modern and thicker mattress depth . I really regret not returning them in time . Amazon suggests reselling items that are past due returning , but I do n't have the heart to pawn these off on another unsuspecting victim , however , is anybody interested in starting a fire ?
 Trying to put on the bottom sheet nearly put my back out . It was n't until I measured that I realized that I had been sent a Full top sheet and a TWIN bottom sheet that is labeled `` Full '' . It was n't worth the time or postage to return the sheets , so I gave them to someone with a twin bed.The top sheet , which I did use once since I was making the bed and had PLANNED on using this set , is soft and warm and comfy . If you buy these sheets , keep that in mind - but measure before you try to put them on your bed . If you have the time and energy , you can return yours if YOU get the wrong order .
 Unfortunately I ordered these sheets before reading the reviews . Within 1/2 hr . of ordering & after reading the reviews which convinced me the merchandise was not worth receiving I could not cancel because it was already being processed . I called Customer Service & the service rep. was so nice & helpful in telling me not to accept delivery - just refuse the package . I guess when I saw the price for the sheets I should have known if it sounded too good to be true it was . Thanks everyone for your comments & reviews so I did n't get ` stuck ' with sheets that would n't fit , shrunk to unusable size & inferior material . Next time I 'll read the reviews FIRST .
 I brought three sets of these sheets and I must agree with everyone else that after I washed them they were no good . I now use them to clean my car and mirrors . There were only good reviews when I ordered . I will never order sheets from here again . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY .
 The colour is pretty but the sheets shrink quite a lot after washing -LRB- in cold water -RRB- . I bought a queen set for a full bed and they still do n't fit properly after careful washing . I would recommend buying a KING set for a full bed . This was my first experience with cotton jersey sheets so I did n't know what to expect but I would n't buy them again .
 I bought a Royal Heritage 100 % cotton flannel blanket and IT SMELLS . I have washed it and it still smells . Is there a way to contact Royal Heritage directly to find out how to fix this???ChrisieAry@aol.com
 I know , I should have gone by the reviews I read , but I did n't , and stupidly bought these sheets . They were by far the worst sheets I 've ever had . Totally did not even come close to fitting the bed , and the pillowcases were sown unevenly as well . DO NOT BUY THESE !
 I bought 3 sets of these sheets in different sizes , and none of them come close to fitting the standard size mattresses they were made to fit . The material is so thin you can see through it . All the fitted sheets are too small , and you 're lucky if you can get them to stay on the mattress for more than 10 seconds before the corners pop off . On this set , the material used to make one pillowcase is completely different from the other , so they appear to be two different colors . I would have gladly spent twice -LRB- or three times -RRB- as much to get a decent set of sheets . Do n't waste your money !
 I 've had two . Same hassles on both
 I bought this brand kettle a few years ago , it was a top notch kettle with a pleasing whistle.I was boiling some water for tea and I guess I went outside and did n't hear the whistle.The heat on an empty kettle of any kind will warp in that situation.I still used it but we bought a new electric stove , and were told a pots had to be in good order to work properly.It should n't be a problem as Amazon still offer the same kettle.Not so , it is not really the same one , though it looks the same -LRB- sort of -RRB- . They made everything a little cheaper , the kettle whistles , but boils over and by the time you get to it there is boiling water spilling on the stove top.The rest of the kettle just seems more Chinese than the original.Why would they replace the kettle spout since the older model was working?I 'm using the old one now , the new one is with some of the other Chinese junk , I have bought , bound for Goodwill or recycling center.I suppose one has to go to Viking or some other high end store to get something good .
 I paid about a hundren bucks for a beautiful kettle that was suposed to last for years . Two months later the lid became unglued . It took forever to get a replacement part as I was shuffled from person to person . Chantal would not replace it I had to go through the store . Fine . It was replaced . I was once again happy with my cute little kettle . A year later the enamel coating inside the teakettle has all but completely flaked off . I take excellend care of the kettle . Really it was a splurge for me and what a dissapointment it turned out to be.I 'm now afraid of I 've injested a toxic lining . At any rate Chantal has never replied to my request to find out what compound I subjected my family to . It 's just scary and they 've been no help at all.Do yourself a favor and by a cheaper safer version even if it does n't look as pretty .
 Well , I would love to get my hands on it ! We have an induction cooktop and must use a magnetic kettle . Ordered this one last October and despite the `` ships in 2 to 3 days '' promise , shipment has been delayed three times . No one at Amazon can give me an estimated arrival date , nor will anyone say what is causing the delays . I keep heating water in the microwave and wishing I had ordered this kettle from a more reliable source . Patience is stretched pretty thin .
 One of the best looking kettles on the market . That 's what you 're paying for . Functionality is lacking . The rubber seal on the lid was broken after two weeks and the whistle does n't work anymore because of this or perhaps whistle is just broken . So dissapointed .
 It 's beautiful , it boils water perfectly , but after one week of daily use , the whistle did n't work and the kettle was destroyed before the burning odor reached me . I returned it for a refund where I bought it -LRB- at chantalstore.com to avoid sales tax -RRB- , should have read these reviews first . Chantal offers this caveat with their care instructions
 This is the worst designed tea kettle I have ever owned ! Note that the handle is metal - that means it gets HOT ! So when you are ready to pour , make sure you have a big oven glove on . Note that the lid is under the handle -LRB- and also metal so also HOT ! -RRB- . It is a challenge to open the lid at all given its location under the handle , even more of a challenge when both pieces are very hot . Also , to pour , you need to open the metal spout cover -LRB- also HOT ! -RRB- . So I give it a star for attractiveness , and yes it is so sturdy , I have yet to replace it , but I would not recommend this particular model .
 First the handle came loose , then the whistle would n't work , then the enamel chipped off the rim . What a pain , what a useless , overpriced piece of hype .
 This kettle is very nice looking . But , the handle gets BURNING HOT ! and it takes a very long time to heat the water because of the small bottom surface . Not very practical .
 I bought this tea kettle thinking Chantal was a long-standing brand and that the teakettle was probably worth the money I was spending . The clerk at the store I purchased it even said that , if the whistle breaks , Chantal will replace it for free . She brought this up on her own by the way . I did n't ask about the whistle.Two years after my purchase , the whistle did indeed break . The mechanism popped out when I was getting ready to pour water from it . I emailed Chantal about it , and the customer service support was less than supportive . It took me two days and repeated emails to get the information that I needed on the part.Well , Chantal did n't replace it for free . In fact , on top of the part , it cost me $ 25 in shipping . Then , when I got the part there were no directions on how to put it in and no clear way of getting it to fit aside from some superglue . I called Chantal this time , and they said they would send me a new part and the one previously sent to me would indeed not work . I placed that call about 6 weeks ago . Still no part.What 's interesting to me here is that the clerk where I bought the kettle apparently had experience with the whistle breaking . With a teakettle that costs $ 100 , you would think that the whistle could stay intact.Update
 I 'm very unhappy with this product compared to the -LRB- allegedly -RRB- same product I bought literally decades ago . I recycled the old one -LRB- and on second thought wish I had n't -RRB- because I felt I 'd left it one too many times on the burner without any water in it ; also , it looked very scuzzy inside . I knew as soon as I lifted the new one out of the box that it was much more cheaply made . It feels lighter and just does n't look or feel as solid or well constructed . All of that would n't matter much if it worked OK , but it does n't . I can barely -LRB- and sometimes not at all -RRB- hear the whistle from the next room ; my hearing is fine but I really liked the loudness and beautiful two-tone , train-like whistle on my old teakettle . I called the company and they very graciously sent me a new whistle , but that has n't solved the problem and I 'm probably going to just give up . I think that , once again , `` They just do n't make them like they use to ! ''
 Although I loved the kettle 's appearance and used it a lot , I had to discard it beacuse the inside eventually rusted . I opted to replace it with stainless steel -- much better .
 There 's no question about it , the tea kettle is beautiful and I was excited to receive it - if it worked . It 's an expensive item , especially for a tea kettle , but I 'm not a coffee drinker and justified this purchase as if I was buying a new coffee maker . From all the accolades it received here , I was sure I 'd have it for a lifetime and it would be money well spent.The water boiled no faster than the lame tea kettle I 'm currently using . I even timed it . The `` harmonica whistle '' , well ... just does n't whistle . The water is clearly boiling , I can hear the kettle wanting to make a sound , it does slightly , but if was more than 10 feet away I would never know it or hear it.I SO wanted to love this product . I just printed my return shipping label . For it 's price , I 'm not taking a chance on a replacement .
 Unfortunately , I hoped against hope that maybe some of these reviewers were mis-treating their teakettles and mine would be fine . I got this for my wife for Christmas , and it only took a year for the whistle to literally rust apart and break . The kettle still works fine , but the pleasing whistle is gone . I expect a lot more from a product at this price point . My Oxo kettle this replaced gave years of good service and I only retired it because I wanted something that looked nicer than the Oxo . Big mistake . There is also visible corrosion on the hinge for the tea kettle . We baby this thing , so there really is no excuse for it wearing so horribly . A tea kettle should be able to withstand water and heat over repeated exposures . That 's its job . Unfortunately , this one is n't up to the task .
 I had a Chantal Teakettle for over 20 years . Bought it when they 1st came out with the Hohner whistle ... Gave the original one to my daughter & it is still working perfectly.Bought this one for a color change . It is rarely used . More of a decoration on the stove & a way to cover hot burners.Less than a year from purchase & being used less than 10 times ... the whistle part flew off.Contacted Chantal . They will replace it ... for $ 15 ... because things happen & things wear out . After 6 uses ??? I do n't know if it 's because they are made in Thailand & China now ... but this is NOT the same teakettle I used & loved.Definitely not worth the money now .
 I use my kettle everyday for tea and loved it until the enamel started flaking off - slowly as first and then more with every passing day . Chantal was absolutely no help - essentially accusing me of letting the kettle boil dry -LRB- which I did n't -RRB- and offering me the option to purchase a new kettle . They DID NOT honor the warranty against defects and I 'm utterly disgusted with this company . All Clad , here I come .
 I received the tea kettle today . It made a quiet tone -LRB- not loud enough to hear in another room -RRB- the first time I used it . The second time I used it , it boiled for a long time with no sound whatsoever . I am returning it . No one seems to have mentioned that it 's impossible to hold it by the handle and open the spout with the same hand . I do have small hands , but not any smaller than lots of women and it 's not even close . I doubt even someone with large hands could do it . Should n't you be able to use a tea kettle with one hand?It does look very nice , but is n't worth $ 20 in my opinion , and definitely not worth the $ 100 I paid for it .
 This kettle is beautiful , but ours rusted out , and fell apart after only a couple of years . Not only that the service from Chantal was awful . We are very disappointed and would never buy this product again .
 I was a huge Chantal fan 20 years ago , and I have owned two Chantal tea kettles . Like a previous reviewer , I owned my first a long time ; I purchased it 17 years ago . When my daughter went off to college three years ago , I gave it to her as I wanted a new color ; she is still using the old one and loving it . The new one does n't hold a candle to the old one ; the whistle does n't work properly , and after two years the handle on the lid came off . I tried to have a friend who is an expert welder weld it back on - no good . I contacted Chantal and they were useless - asked me to purchase a new lid which I would not do as I had already had issues with a pan handle coming off and they could n't repair or replace it . It is obvious that the workmanship of this very expensive kettle is not what it used to be . Buy something else if this will be anything but a stove top decoration .
 I never give bad reviews but this product warrants it . Solid Oak ? I do n't think so . Almost every part of this rocker is made of laminated smaller pieces of `` oak '' that come apart when exposed to the smallest amounr of rain - and I 'm talking drizzle . I assembled the rocker using the included screws and pre-drilled screw holes -LRB- two of which were drilled too large to make the screw tight so I had to rummage through my garage for larger diameter ones -RRB- . One of the rocker feet split at a joint while assembling it with a hand screwdriver so there must 've been a hairline crack that was n't perceptable at the time of unpacking . And after spending an evening on my covered front porch , the small amount of drizzle which landed on the rocker overnight was enough to make the white `` paint '' flake from the tops of the spindles and split the seat frame and main support post.The other thing that really buggedf me was the shape of the top spindles was not the same as the one in this picture . They were straight with domed tops , a bit cheaper looking than the finial style shown in the photo . Obviously this chair was made by the lowest bidder somewhere overseas.Repeated emails received no response regarding the problems . So please do n't make the same mistake I did . Do not buy this rocker .
 I thought because of this pan 's heavy weight & `` Tri-ply metal construction '' and claim that it `` provides even heating and rugged durability , '' that I would like it . NOT so . It immediately warps over medium heat so that it cooks only in the middle . Plus , it seems to burn things over the same medium heat at which my other skillets cook just fine.It might have `` professional weight '' but this semi-professional cook hates it.Save yourself some grief & buy any other skillet but this -LRB- though I would suggest a T-Fal product -RRB- .
 WHEN THIS PAN IS COLD IT LOOKS FLAT , BUT AS SOON AS IT IS HEATED , THE BOTTOM BECOMES WARPED AND ROUNDED , CAUSING THE PAN TO BECOME UNSTABLE ON THE STOVETOP . THIS IS PARTICULARLY DANGEROUS WHEN FRYING WITH HOT OIL . THIS IS A VERY UNSAFE PRODUCT .
 I purchased my first Nordic Ware pan from Wal-Mart several years ago . It lasted about 3 years before some of the non-stick coating began coming off . The Nordic Ware pans I purchased last Christmas have already started to shed their coatings , after just 3 months of use . It is very disappointing . I recommend that you save your money and purchase a better quality product .
 Well , I feel ripped off but that is my fault . This item is made of plastic that has been painted . Absolutely NOT worth almost $ 30 -LRB- with shipping cost -RRB- I assumed it was made of ceramic . In my opinion this piece is only worth about $ 10 - $ 12 dollars max ! Oh well , live and learn .
 Looks a lot more cheesy than I expected . Plastic and will likely hold up well , but just not classy like I had hoped .
 This nightlight look better in the picture than the real thing . It is different and I like that
 Both the Amazon page and the packaging indicate that the panels should be 84X63 inches . However the panels I received were 64X39 .5 '' . I contacted Amazon , informed them of the mistake , asked them to confirm that this product was for two panels measuring 84x64 each , and asked them to check their warehouse to confirm that they do not have a supply issue . Amazon replied saying that the product should include two panels measuring 84x63 each , but there was `` no way '' for them to check their warehouse supply . I decided to take a risk and initiated a replacement.The replacement arrived , again in a package indicating the drapes should be 84x63 , and again the product was only 64x39 .5 inches . Now I have the hassle of sending TWO items back.The first time was obviously the supplier 's mistake.The second time is clearly an opportunity for Amazon to improve their quality assurance process -LRB- especially when a customer has provided specific feedback about a problem -RRB- .
 I made the mistake of purchasing one of these without reading the reviews . It looked great when it arrived , but the copper clad layer burned off in patches the first time I used it to boil water . So , maybe it was just defective . I contacted the company and spoke with a `` customer care '' person . She asked that I take pictures of the problem and email them . It is difficult to photograph a shiney object , but I did as requested . After that , NOTHING . No further contact was possible . I was completely ignored.AVOID DOING BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY !!!
 I left my kettle on the burner too long & the copper melted off ! Now I have a super expensive piece of junk . I wanted Chantal to re-plate it , but they say they do n't do that.Very disappointing . I have 3 other of their enamel kettles & they have given me years of service .
 I owned the white version of this kettle for a good 10 years when things started flaking off the inside . It was probably just build-up that I could have boiled away with water and vinegar , but I did n't investigate too closely because I 'd been eying this copper beauty . After less than two years , it looks more like an old crone . You have to polish it for it to look decent , but , since it 's copper plate , polishing seems to be taking off the copper . I can now see silver underneath . . As for function , it heats up quickly , the whistle works , and it 's a great size . However , as several reviewers have pointed out , the handle is too hot to touch without an oven mitt after you 've boiled water . And I want a bit more than function . I use a kettle several times a day , and it never leaves my stovetop except to be cleaned . So I also want something that looks nice . This ai n't it.I like these kettles , despite the too-high price , which may keep me from buying another .
 This teakettle is the most `` high maintenance '' item I have in my kitchen . At this price , I expected a much better protective coating on the copper . I realize that copper does need to be tended to , but this kettle looks terrible all the time . I have been very careful to wipe it dry whenever I use it , but one drop that I missed left a black spot that still is noticeable , no matter how much I polish . And the first time I used the recommended polish to give it an allover clean up , the color changed dramatically -- it does n't even look like the same kettle . And now , it needs to be completely polished EVERY DAY . Do not buy this copper kettle ! Before I had to replace it , I had the black version , and it lasted me 10 years . Chantal 's customers deserve better than this . This one is definitely not worth the money .
 The harmonica does not toot at all . I have replaced the whistle a number of times , and it is still toot-less . Also , bad ergonomics
 The manufacturer sent a hot-pad for the handle so you wo n't burn your hand . Very inconvenient and silly . Awkward pour ... requires two-step or two-hand use to open the kettle spout and pour . Too expensive for such a poorly engineered and designed product .
 This is primarily a piece of status decoration rather than a practical , quality product . The copper looks pretty -LRB- when it 's clean -RRB- , but that is really all this kettle has going for it.Otherwise , we ran into all of the following problems - which would be annoying on any product - but were particularly galling given the price of this kettle : - Needs constant cleaning to keep it looking good . - The handle gets too hot to touch -LRB- of course we quickly misplaced the little insulated handle cover that came with the kettle -RRB- . - You ca n't open the spout with the same hand that 's holding the handle -LRB- instead I would turn off the burner , put on an oven mit , flip the spout open , and then pick up the kettle -RRB- . - Some kind of grit kept appearing in the water when we first began using it . We had to return it for warranty service to Chantal , which solved the problem -LRB- but the returned kettle was poorly packaged with the lid bouncing around loose -RRB- . - Finally , after 7 years of use -LRB- 2 years past the warranty -RRB- , the kettle began leaking around the bottom rim due to corrosion.So ... we 'll send this to the scrap yard and look for a different make of tea kettle .
 I wanted a copper tea kettle for years and finally got this one . On washing it out for the first time , I found on drying it that if you rub a damp tissue around the seams on the inside where the bottom meets the sides and where the spout meets the body , you will see dark-colored gunk coming off on the tissue . I washed it over many times , but it did n't go away . I wrote the company , and in the reply , they indicated that it should n't be doing it , and it was indeed an unhealthy situation if it was . I probably should have sent it back to them and try to get a refund , but I just threw it away , having never used it . If you own one of these , try the damp tissue test and please comment and let me know if you have the same issue .
 My roommate received one of these teakettles as a birthday gift . I made the mistake of leaving it on the stove . I was home a long time and the pot never whistled so I forgot it was on the burner . It burned to a crisp . The bottom burned and fell off . I was a little surprised as I have never had a pot , abused or not , lose its bottom . Thank god the house didnt burn down . This pot didnt warn anyone . I am buying her the exact kettle as all of this was my fault . And , it had been a birthday gift . It is crazy expensive for just a tea pot . I am a big tea fan and can not understand why anyone would need this item . Waaaaaaay expensive just to boil some water . I rated it at a stars , I should have rated it at zero stars . Even if you are a tea snob , all you need is a steel pot to boil water and a ceramic pot to brew it in . I would never brew tea in a pot like this . By the time it whistles , the water is over boiled . If you wait for the whistle , the water is waaaaaay to cooked for tea . Might work for instant coco but that is about all it is good for . BTW , if for some reason you need to have this pot , you can get if for about twenty bucks less elseware .
 looks like whoever was making this kettle had long hair or was near a horse or an animal . when i opened the lid to my horror i found two hairs stuck in the lining where the bottom meets the sides . and they would not come out . they are stuck there . i am returning this kettle.looks like quality control did not do any quality control but just stuck the sticker on there saying ` passed ' .
 I did n't find this throw particularly warm , soft or thick . Maybe ok for an extra layer in bed , but I 'd definitely reach for something else to curl up on the couch . In this case , you get what you pay for .
 I bought this product last winter -LRB- 2007 -RRB- because of the many good reviews . I would NOT recommend it for purchase because it loses it 's feathers * very * quickly and becomes incapable of trapping warm air . After one season and one washing , I have a very flat product that is ` linty ' with feathers.Also , the throw is made of a material that retains the cold temperature of the room around it -LRB- unlike a fleece wrap -RRB- . When you first wrap yourself in it - BE PREPARED FOR THE SHOCK OF HOW COLD THE WRAP ITSELF IS ! It can be very unpleasant -LRB- like crawling under cold bedsheets in the middle of winter -RRB- until your body heat warms the wrap up.The size is good , but this is definitely * not * a product worth $ 20 . The wrap is supposed to keep * you * warm , not you keep * it * warm.O
 On the Amazon ad , the price is 12.99 , but when you click to put it into your cart , it adds 21.99 to the cart .
 Very disappointed in this product -LRB- especially after all the great reviews ! -RRB- . It 's only 20 % down/80 % polyester , which means it wo n't be as warm as something that has more down in it . It was very thin & flat . Not what I was expecting . -LRB- I recently bought another one at retail , for this same price , $ 14.99 on sale , and it 's 55 % down/45 % polyester , and VERY warm and cozy -RRB- . I 'm returning this one .
 I have always been satisfied with my Amazon purchases , that is until this one . This throw is not as described . I was expecting a 50x70 inch throw and it is 50x58 and is 80 % feathers and only 20 % down . I did not want to spend $ 34.00 for a blanket for my cat to sleep on which is about the only thing it will be good for . Buyer beware !
 I bought one of these several months ago , and every time I wash it , it gets lumpy , all the filler seems to lump in the edges
 Small ineffective fans . After installation , there was less cold air flowing from the a/c duct than before . The only reason I awarded it 1 star , was because Amazon does n't give you a ZERO star option .
 Because the fans in the unit were in the way , this actually REDUCED the airflow . The fan flow could n't make up for the cross sectional area that they impeded .
 First it took longer to receive the item than expected from the seller . Then it does not produce the boost which the product description promised .
 I really have little to complain about except that the fans are so darned loud . There is a constant 2000 hz -LRB- ? -RRB- whine/drone from the fans . Also , while I think that the volume of air was increased , I would n't say that these fans increased it by very much and I 'm only gauging this by the flow of air around my hand . I plan to return it soon .
 The overall design and performance of the Cuisinart colander is good , and I would have given it four stars except for one glaring problem . The problem is the build quality is not good . When I opened the box the black rubber coating on the handles was already peeling away . The rubber coating is extremely thin and does not appear to be durable . It is disappointing that a manufacturer with a good reputation like Cuisinart would produce a product with such poor build quality .
 I would like this leg rest better if it were straight across on the top . I could n't get a green one , so I spray painted it and it came out great ! The problem is because it 's not comfortable no one will use it .
 I bought this item for the automatic time update . Unfortunately , this feature does not work in my area despite the fact that the company says it has tested the clock all over the U.S. and Canada . I called their customer service and , besides being rude , they could offer no explanation . They suggested I try moving the clock to a different area of the house . This did not work and would have been unsatisfactory anyway since I bought this as a bedroom alarm clock . The LCD display can not be read clearly if viewed from any angle other than almost head on . The display may also be too bright for some and can only be turned off , not dimmed .
 I Read some good reviews and decided to spring for this pricey item . Big mistake . The atomic clock autoset feature does n't set , but what it DOES do is add a screaming , high-pitched buzz to the background of every AM broadcast while making the much-touted FM reception sound like a demonic buzzsaw whenever the atomic clock antenna gets anywhere near the radio unit.In other words , IT INTERFERES WITH ITSELF!Some feature .
 This clock has lots of nice features , which I like . But , the display is a complete disaster . I can not read it at the wrong angle , like above my head in bed , which is when I want to know what time it is . I have to crane my neck to read the time . I ca n't read it past about ten feet . No matter what the other features are , I wanted a clock I could see the time on , and this does not fulfill that . I am using it for a radio just so it was not a total waste of money . My vision is 20/20 , by the way .
 could not figure out how to set the alarm ... too many buttons.sound was excellent ... too bad we had to send it back .
 Difficult to see , which in my book makes it pretty useless . I wear contacts and remove them at night . During the night I can not see the clock which is only a foot from my head , due to the color/lighting of the face . I 've never had this problem before . It is easier for me to read my husband 's clock which is placed across the room . The atomic clock feature is nice , but otherwise not worth it .
 I bought this clock from Amazon , and it arrived very quickly , thank you . I was quite excited as it seemed to have all the features I was looking for in an alarm clock.I really like atomic clocks that will recover the time even if the power goes out . I have a Sony dream machine , it uses a 9 volt battery for power outages , but then if the battery is dead your out of luck . The dual time setting was also of interest , so I can have one setting for the week , and another for the weekend . The main reason I was shopping for a new alarm clock was that my Sony , when set to radio wake up , would also sound the buzzer along with the radio , rather jarring first thing in the AM . Well let me cut to the chase . The Sangean instructions seemed doable from the start , and they tell you it can take up to 48 HRs . to get the radio signal , thats 2 days folks before you know if the clock works . Well I did a manual time setting after waiting only a day , and the atomic clock did kick in . I wrote an email to Sagean tech . support in hopes they 'd have some advice , but heard nothing . Then the real nightmare , setting the alarm . I followed the manual to the best of my ability , and was able to finish some of the steps . I was able to select the radio station I wanted to wake up to , and after some repeat effort set the wake-up time , but could not get it to set the alarm setting . had one missed wake up as I 'd accidentally turned my Sony alarm off . Day three I got it to register the alarm setting , showing the radio icon , correct time etc. all was set . Come 7am and I get beep beep , no radio . Called the company , but it was after 5pm so no answer . Fri. . I got home before 5 and called again , got a salesman , Tech . had left for the day . He was very helpful , pulled a radio from the show room , attemped to go step by step with me through the manuel to set the alarm to clock setting , and he too failed . Now he was determined to figure it out , and promised to call me back with more help , all this on my long distance phone bill I might add , at least an hour with all the holds , and getting cut off once , but he was very nice and as helpful as he could be . He did call me back , and he had gotten his clock to work , and I had gotten my alarm 2 to show the radio icon and set to the right alarm time for the weekend , but alarm 1 was n't showing the radio icon , so he said he 'd have the tech . call me on Mon. . Sat . am I was awoken by the beep beep , no radio , same Sun . Today Mon. I heard nothing from them , no phone call , no email , so after 1 week of frustration I 'm sending the thing back to Amazon . The style is nice , and there are n't a lot of choices out there for atomic clock radios , but I 'd steer clear of this one .
 Electronic tunning is poor - I can hear multiple stations simultaneously . After any power interuption it takes about a day to get a signal for the automatic time adjustment .
 This clock has all the features I was looking for in a new bedside clock radio . It is simple to set up . However , the screen is an amber color , and the digital numbers are so faint that I could barely see them . There was no way to adjust the brightness of the screen , so it was worthless for me and I returned it .
 The RCR-2 is terrible . . we could not get the Alarm to ring or have the radio go off the way we wanted . . one day it would buzz but not on the on the correct staion mext it would go off on FM when set to AM . It did or did not do whatever you can think of . Maybe I had a bad one or maybe I 'm too stupid to follow the instructions . Two of us -- one reading step by step and the other person hitting the settings ... no luck ...
 Somewhat disappointed . Digital information on the face is unreadable unless you facing it directly . Any angle and the face is totally washed out . The back light it way too bright . Of course you can turn it off , but that makes it useless to see at night . Also too many images on the face that are unnecessary . I do n't know who designed or tested this , but they did n't do a very thorough job . Again -- disappointed !
 This clock has great functionality as far as the dual alarm settings and radio presets go , but the display is , in my opinion , absolutely terrible . The display is a back-lit LCD with very thin number segments , making it very hard to read from more than a few feet away , especially at night . This is really unfortunate , because otherwise the Sangean seems to be a great product . The atomic clock synchs up to the NIST time signal very quickly -LRB- I 've had other ` atomic ' clocks take a long time -RRB- , and it is very easy to program .
 My Sangean RCR-2 is possibly defective , then again , maybe they are all like this . It 's hard to know . Mine jumps randomly between AM and FM while tuning the AM band , not sure about the FM band as I rarely use it . It does n't do it constantly , just often enough to be annoying , you will have to stop tuning and set the band back to AM from FM . Sometimes when using a memory button on AM , it will jump to the wrong memory setting . Sometimes when tuning the AM band , it will jump drastically from sequence . Otherwise the tone and sensitivity are fairly good , but the band jumping , memory errors , and unreliable tuning make this one to avoid .
 Based on a number of things I 'd read , I thought this clock would be much easier to use than it is . The off button is hard to hit when one is just waking and it 's still dark , it does more than one really needs -LRB- you can customize the alarm for every day of the week -RRB- . My guest room now has a fancy clock however ...
 It 's fine except that you ca n't see the time if you are not right in front of the clock . The numbers are to faint .
 It 's the same as other reviews , CAN NOT see the time/date at night , LED background washes out the time/date . All they had to do was make the time lines 2 or 3 times thicker . Also , the radio can not pick up any FM stations -LRB- my old cheap alarm clock picked them up -RRB- . I bought the clock for the automatic time update and dual alarm -LRB- I use the buzzer anyway -RRB- . It 's weird the later it gets the lessyou can see the display -LRB- when you wake up in middle of the night trying to see the time , forget it , you can stare at it for 5 minutes and you still wo n't see the time -LRB- we had the clock about 6 feet away , then moved it to 2 feet away still the same thing -RRB- . I hope who ever designed/tested this clock was fired .
 I spent a lot of time trying to find the perfect alarm clock for my bedroom and , as you can tell , I am still looking . The Sangean RCR-2 certainly has some attractive features like the atomic clock , which took a few hours to set itself , and the nice styling but it fails in so many areas as an alarm clock . First , and most importantly , the display is unreadable . It is very busy with lots of symbols and numbers but using very thin LCD numerals for the time and the off axis viewing angle is very small ; you must basically face it head on . Worst of all , however , is the blindingly bright orange backlight with makes is impossible for night adjusted eyes to read the display if you want to check the time in the middle of the night . It is so bright as to cast shadows throughout the room . I keep it across the room but I ca n't imagine trying to sleep with this minor sun positioned on the nightstand . Sure , you can turn off the backlight but then the clock is invisible at night . Maybe LEDs are not cool but they make a lot more sense for an alarm clock . Also , it takes at least four button presses to turn on the alarm as opposed to one on my old alarm .
 My first impression was one of delight , because the RCR-2 's controls , programming flexibility , packaging , and sound quality are very well done . But I was ultimately disappointed and had to return the unit because Sangean did not follow through in two important areas
 This clock was a bust . It would not keep time accurately and the headphone jack broke in the first two weeks . The radio reception was good but the quality is just not there . I threw it away after two months .
 Can not turn on power . It is dead on arrival . The bad thing is I forgot to return it - total lost
 High hopes , big let down . Worked great for two months and it totally broke , volume does n't work at all . Sadly I am outside of return window and I am stuck with this paperweight
 This is a story about a relationship gone bad over time . Sure , it started out nice between us when the unit was new , but we had a break down in communication not too far into our commitment -LRB- problems surfaced 1-2 years into things -RRB- . HA . I see a divorce down the road -LRB- when I replace this clock with something else -RRB- . I 've owned the RCR-2 for only a few years now and I have been really patient with the darn thing . I should have given it the boot a while ago . The main issue is the display . Like many have noted , there is n't an adjustment for the brightness of the display light . It is either on or off . If you turn off the backlight in a dark room -LRB- such as in the evening -RRB- , there is no way to read the display w/o either turning the display backlight back on or turning on a light in the room . No adjustment for brightness is available . The numbers and settings do not glow.The LCD has become almost unreadable at many times . The display definitely has a `` sweet spot '' for viewing and if you are not in it , then the display and settings almost become impossible to see or understand . If you try to read this with sleepy eyes -LRB- whether you wear glasses/contacts or not ! -RRB- , it can become a real challenge . You ca n't determine which icons are lit up and which ones are not . For example , when setting the alarm , you have to choose which days are to be selected . These names have become so dim and weak that it is a guess sometimes as to which days you have picked . The same issue happens when simply trying to read the time . Sometimes it is impossible to tell the difference between the 8 or 9 or 3 . Apparently the manufacturer knows the LCD gets `` lost '' as they mention a full reset feature in the instructions . This is supposed to clear everything if you get a scrambled display . Sadly , it does n't work completely and does n't last for what it does correct . In a matter of days , all the issues have returned.I think the steps for setting the alarms are a little confusing . You have to jump between modes and hope you can see which mode is finally selected -LRB- alarm vs. radio -RRB- . I dread adjusting the settings anymore as it requires more effort than it is worth . Maybe if the display worked properly , this would be less of an issue ! I also found that if you have 2 alarm times set for the same day , they can not both use the same mode for the sound to wake you up . If you have selected music for both alarms , one will switch over to the tone sound regardless of the setting you have chosen . Bug ? * shrugz * Maybe it 's intentional if you leave the radio playing and the 2nd alarm is supposed to go off ? I know it surprised me more than once when I heard the strange tone sound blaring at me in the morning instead of music.It does take quite a while to sync with the `` mother ship '' clock signal at times . My area seems to frequently go thru power outages and I 'm never quite sure if the clock will set itself and be ready to work for the alarm at the proper time the next day . You almost need to install this clock connected to a battery unit -LRB- UPS -RRB- or use another `` battery-backed backup clock '' in times of frequent power loss . Reception for both this sync signal and the radio signals seems iffy at times so I have the unit right next to a window on an exterior wall.I like the features of the intended design -LRB- dual alarm using music , auto time correction -RRB- , but wish it were more reliable and did n't have all the display/setting issues . I think we are headed for divorce court and I 'll have to find something else .
 Our old clock radio is near the end of its long career , and we were looking for something that was as easy to use , but had some additional features . In this tech crazy world , that should be easy , right?The primary features we wanted were :1 -RRB- Battery back-up of time -LRB- and radio station settings -RRB- 2 -RRB- A modern FM radio that does not use `` manual '' tuning . The 1920 's style manual tuner seems to always be slightly out of tune . The buzz words associated with the newer technology are electronic or PLL or one with presets .3 -RRB- An `` atomic clock '' to ensure accurate wake-up time . This technology has been around for 20 years and you can buy a clock with it for $ 20 or less . It is not high tech or expensive .4 -RRB- Readable display.You would think everyone would want those features in a clock radio , and all of the technology is very mature . A quick scan of Amazon did n't turn up very many products with those qualities . And they all seemed to be from a company I had not heard of , Sangean . I spent quite a bit of time looking for other choices and came back to this model , since it seemed to offer everything I wanted at a reasonable price . I read the reviews and saw quite a few product `` deficits '' , but the most glaring issues was quality control.I was feeling lucky , so ordered the product . It came yesterday and I unpacked it and started the setup . The reviewers that mentioned a poor manual were correct , though I have seen worse . The reviewers that mentioned complex setup procedures were correct , but it seems about normal for this kind of product.I got everything setup and tested the radio based alarm . The correct symbols were displayed - so all systems were go . The clock counted down to the preset hour and minute - the device became active and the display changed to show the selected radio station frequency . And then it inexplicably switched over to the buzzer -LRB- actually beeper -RRB- . So no sound from the radio , just the annoying beeper . Thinking I had done something wrong , I reprogrammed and tried again . Same result . I found the `` reset '' button and rebooted the clock . I reprogrammed the time and date and retested with the same result . I checked the website - no faqs about programming problems . I rebooted once more , reprogrammed and retested . This unit seems to be incapable of having the alarm turn on the radio , so it is n't really a clock radio , it is a radio with a clock.I put the unit back in the box and it is packed and ready to go back to Amazon . I spent more hours looking for an alternative , even checking the $ 400 Bose . They all seem to have some major deficiency , the lack of an atomic clock being the most common . I downloaded the manuals for some of the products and the programming and alarm activation seemed overly complex on most . I finally settled on the Logitech S400i . It has stuff we wo n't use , but the programming seems simple and it should meet minimum requirements . I just hope the quality control is better.A few comments on the Sangean . The model I got had a wire coming out the back of the device that was not mentioned in the manual . I think it may be an antenna for the atomic clock , but who would know . The reviewer that complained about the limited viewing angle of the LCD display was correct , it really is hard to see from many vantage points.In conclusion , the product has a good feature set , and may fulfill your requirements . However , only order it if you are feeling lucky about getting a good unit .
 I absolutely HATE it !! I was really happy when I ordered it ... but since that time every time I have to deal with the alarm features -LRB- setting/changing -RRB- it is very very frustrating . Each time I have to get out the book ... which overall does n't really help at all.I am going to probably -LRB- unless I find a rocket scientist to set it each time -RRB- throw it away ending up eating the $ 60 -LRB- approx . -RRB- I spent for it . I would try to return it to Amazon but I no longer have the box and whatever else would be required to return it.What a DISAPPOINTMENT and COSTLY MISTAKE !!
 I was extremely displeased with this radio and my order from Amazon . When I opened the box , I could immediately see that I had been shipped a USED returned item . The radio was unpackaged and the cords just shoved into the box . The empty plastic packaging bags were still in the top of the box . I decided to try out the radio anyway rather than returning it untested . I then found that I had been shipped a BROKEN RETURNED CLOCK RADIO . The radio did not work on FM at all . I had purchased this model in hopes of listening to a weak local NPR radio station . I 'll never know how well this model works as I certainly do n't another USED item from Amazon.I did find that the display was completely unreadable from even a few degrees below the display level . Your nightstand or shelf must be lower than your bed -LRB- line of sight -RRB- or it 's unreadbable . The display was also poor at side angles but not as bad . The atomic clock did synchronize with the correct time but it took several hours.So buyer beware , you might find that Amazon is shipping you USED goods and representing them as new . Not only is that poor business practice , it 's a violation of Federal law ! The return procedure was painless , but I 've never recieved a followup to my complaint about the shipment of USED goods .
 The whole reason I bought this clock so it would switch to and from DST automatically . It does n't . Or at least it takes several days for it to pick up the change . This would n't be so bad , unless you are one of the rare individuals who works on Monday or Tuesdays.The display is either way too bright or impossible to read .
 This clock radio might be feature rich but is sure UNREADABLE !! The display is very poor especially when you first wake up in the morning and your eyes are not fully adjusted . The LCD display is very hard to see unless you tilt the clock to the right angle.I used the clock for one day -LRB- night -RRB- and pulled it out ! My old one is back on my night stand !
 I have had my Sangean RCR-2 for over a month now and a 30 count beeping sound goes off every day at 6:30 AM , every day and on time . The problem is , there is no alarm setting that should set this off . Alarm-1 is set to 6:59 AM while alarm-2 is not set but with a 9AM time just in case . -LRB- I know how to set them per instructions -RRB- I 've pressed `` reset '' button for three seconds without turning this nuisance alarm off . The reset turns all other settings off , or to default.The other problem is readabiltiy . I place the radio on a slightly elivated dresser and can not read the time while laying down in bed . It can only be read if you are at or close to the same elevation.Also the brightness at night is a problem . Too bright . Only one setting . On or off .
 I 'm really good at figuring out gadgets so was n't worried about the complex operations of this clock . Problem is in the quality . At first , mine behaved erraticly -- sometimes waking to radio would work , sometimes it did n't . Last straw , was when the time it went off started varying by a few hours . Being woken up at 2 AM was enough for me to ditch this ...
 I bought a digital clock radio through Amazon for my wife who was wanting a digital radio . I assumed a little naively that this is what she wanted . When it arrived , it turned out to be a digital clock with a standard radio . For the price it was reasonable so we were happy . The item , however was from the USA and could not be used in Australia . US mains power runs at 115 volts . Australian is 240 volts . Voltages differ from country to country and I expected that a large business would have been aware that an electrical appliance must be appropriate for the country of use.While there is the safety net of return of purchases , it cost me $ 53 to send it back - about the cost of the item itself.Take care when buying electrical items - ask questions if you ca n't find information on the voltage . Standard adaptors do n't alter the voltage , they just change the shape of the power plug .
 I purchased this clock in August 2006 . It was manufactured in Feb 2006 . Daylight savings changed on Sunday . As of Tuesday morning the clock still has not updated to the new time .
 but I really see no point of this one . It does n't look good , the wire is too wide and door barely closes . It only holds one single place and not really a heavy one .
 I had a Chantal Teakettle for over 20 years . Bought it when they 1st came out with the Hohner whistle ... Gave the original one to my daughter & it is still working perfectly.Bought this one for a color change . It is rarely used . More of a decoration on the stove & a way to cover hot burners.Less than a year from purchase & being used less than 10 times ... the whistle part flew off.Contacted Chantal . They will replace it ... for $ 15 ... because things happen & things wear out . After 6 uses ??? I do n't know if it 's because they are made in Thailand & China now ... but this is NOT the same teakettle I used & loved.Definitely not worth the money now .
 I use my kettle everyday for tea and loved it until the enamel started flaking off - slowly as first and then more with every passing day . Chantal was absolutely no help - essentially accusing me of letting the kettle boil dry -LRB- which I did n't -RRB- and offering me the option to purchase a new kettle . They DID NOT honor the warranty against defects and I 'm utterly disgusted with this company . All Clad , here I come .
 I received the tea kettle today . It made a quiet tone -LRB- not loud enough to hear in another room -RRB- the first time I used it . The second time I used it , it boiled for a long time with no sound whatsoever . I am returning it . No one seems to have mentioned that it 's impossible to hold it by the handle and open the spout with the same hand . I do have small hands , but not any smaller than lots of women and it 's not even close . I doubt even someone with large hands could do it . Should n't you be able to use a tea kettle with one hand?It does look very nice , but is n't worth $ 20 in my opinion , and definitely not worth the $ 100 I paid for it .
 This kettle is beautiful , but ours rusted out , and fell apart after only a couple of years . Not only that the service from Chantal was awful . We are very disappointed and would never buy this product again .
 I was a huge Chantal fan 20 years ago , and I have owned two Chantal tea kettles . Like a previous reviewer , I owned my first a long time ; I purchased it 17 years ago . When my daughter went off to college three years ago , I gave it to her as I wanted a new color ; she is still using the old one and loving it . The new one does n't hold a candle to the old one ; the whistle does n't work properly , and after two years the handle on the lid came off . I tried to have a friend who is an expert welder weld it back on - no good . I contacted Chantal and they were useless - asked me to purchase a new lid which I would not do as I had already had issues with a pan handle coming off and they could n't repair or replace it . It is obvious that the workmanship of this very expensive kettle is not what it used to be . Buy something else if this will be anything but a stove top decoration .
 It 's beautiful , it boils water perfectly , but after one week of daily use , the whistle did n't work and the kettle was destroyed before the burning odor reached me . I returned it for a refund where I bought it -LRB- at chantalstore.com to avoid sales tax -RRB- , should have read these reviews first . Chantal offers this caveat with their care instructions
 This is the worst designed tea kettle I have ever owned ! Note that the handle is metal - that means it gets HOT ! So when you are ready to pour , make sure you have a big oven glove on . Note that the lid is under the handle -LRB- and also metal so also HOT ! -RRB- . It is a challenge to open the lid at all given its location under the handle , even more of a challenge when both pieces are very hot . Also , to pour , you need to open the metal spout cover -LRB- also HOT ! -RRB- . So I give it a star for attractiveness , and yes it is so sturdy , I have yet to replace it , but I would not recommend this particular model .
 First the handle came loose , then the whistle would n't work , then the enamel chipped off the rim . What a pain , what a useless , overpriced piece of hype .
 This kettle is very nice looking . But , the handle gets BURNING HOT ! and it takes a very long time to heat the water because of the small bottom surface . Not very practical .
 I bought this tea kettle thinking Chantal was a long-standing brand and that the teakettle was probably worth the money I was spending . The clerk at the store I purchased it even said that , if the whistle breaks , Chantal will replace it for free . She brought this up on her own by the way . I did n't ask about the whistle.Two years after my purchase , the whistle did indeed break . The mechanism popped out when I was getting ready to pour water from it . I emailed Chantal about it , and the customer service support was less than supportive . It took me two days and repeated emails to get the information that I needed on the part.Well , Chantal did n't replace it for free . In fact , on top of the part , it cost me $ 25 in shipping . Then , when I got the part there were no directions on how to put it in and no clear way of getting it to fit aside from some superglue . I called Chantal this time , and they said they would send me a new part and the one previously sent to me would indeed not work . I placed that call about 6 weeks ago . Still no part.What 's interesting to me here is that the clerk where I bought the kettle apparently had experience with the whistle breaking . With a teakettle that costs $ 100 , you would think that the whistle could stay intact.Update
 I 'm very unhappy with this product compared to the -LRB- allegedly -RRB- same product I bought literally decades ago . I recycled the old one -LRB- and on second thought wish I had n't -RRB- because I felt I 'd left it one too many times on the burner without any water in it ; also , it looked very scuzzy inside . I knew as soon as I lifted the new one out of the box that it was much more cheaply made . It feels lighter and just does n't look or feel as solid or well constructed . All of that would n't matter much if it worked OK , but it does n't . I can barely -LRB- and sometimes not at all -RRB- hear the whistle from the next room ; my hearing is fine but I really liked the loudness and beautiful two-tone , train-like whistle on my old teakettle . I called the company and they very graciously sent me a new whistle , but that has n't solved the problem and I 'm probably going to just give up . I think that , once again , `` They just do n't make them like they use to ! ''
 Although I loved the kettle 's appearance and used it a lot , I had to discard it beacuse the inside eventually rusted . I opted to replace it with stainless steel -- much better .
 There 's no question about it , the tea kettle is beautiful and I was excited to receive it - if it worked . It 's an expensive item , especially for a tea kettle , but I 'm not a coffee drinker and justified this purchase as if I was buying a new coffee maker . From all the accolades it received here , I was sure I 'd have it for a lifetime and it would be money well spent.The water boiled no faster than the lame tea kettle I 'm currently using . I even timed it . The `` harmonica whistle '' , well ... just does n't whistle . The water is clearly boiling , I can hear the kettle wanting to make a sound , it does slightly , but if was more than 10 feet away I would never know it or hear it.I SO wanted to love this product . I just printed my return shipping label . For it 's price , I 'm not taking a chance on a replacement .
 Unfortunately , I hoped against hope that maybe some of these reviewers were mis-treating their teakettles and mine would be fine . I got this for my wife for Christmas , and it only took a year for the whistle to literally rust apart and break . The kettle still works fine , but the pleasing whistle is gone . I expect a lot more from a product at this price point . My Oxo kettle this replaced gave years of good service and I only retired it because I wanted something that looked nicer than the Oxo . Big mistake . There is also visible corrosion on the hinge for the tea kettle . We baby this thing , so there really is no excuse for it wearing so horribly . A tea kettle should be able to withstand water and heat over repeated exposures . That 's its job . Unfortunately , this one is n't up to the task .
 One of the best looking kettles on the market . That 's what you 're paying for . Functionality is lacking . The rubber seal on the lid was broken after two weeks and the whistle does n't work anymore because of this or perhaps whistle is just broken . So dissapointed .
 I 've had two . Same hassles on both
 I bought this brand kettle a few years ago , it was a top notch kettle with a pleasing whistle.I was boiling some water for tea and I guess I went outside and did n't hear the whistle.The heat on an empty kettle of any kind will warp in that situation.I still used it but we bought a new electric stove , and were told a pots had to be in good order to work properly.It should n't be a problem as Amazon still offer the same kettle.Not so , it is not really the same one , though it looks the same -LRB- sort of -RRB- . They made everything a little cheaper , the kettle whistles , but boils over and by the time you get to it there is boiling water spilling on the stove top.The rest of the kettle just seems more Chinese than the original.Why would they replace the kettle spout since the older model was working?I 'm using the old one now , the new one is with some of the other Chinese junk , I have bought , bound for Goodwill or recycling center.I suppose one has to go to Viking or some other high end store to get something good .
 I paid about a hundren bucks for a beautiful kettle that was suposed to last for years . Two months later the lid became unglued . It took forever to get a replacement part as I was shuffled from person to person . Chantal would not replace it I had to go through the store . Fine . It was replaced . I was once again happy with my cute little kettle . A year later the enamel coating inside the teakettle has all but completely flaked off . I take excellend care of the kettle . Really it was a splurge for me and what a dissapointment it turned out to be.I 'm now afraid of I 've injested a toxic lining . At any rate Chantal has never replied to my request to find out what compound I subjected my family to . It 's just scary and they 've been no help at all.Do yourself a favor and by a cheaper safer version even if it does n't look as pretty .
 Well , I would love to get my hands on it ! We have an induction cooktop and must use a magnetic kettle . Ordered this one last October and despite the `` ships in 2 to 3 days '' promise , shipment has been delayed three times . No one at Amazon can give me an estimated arrival date , nor will anyone say what is causing the delays . I keep heating water in the microwave and wishing I had ordered this kettle from a more reliable source . Patience is stretched pretty thin .
 The atomic clock signal is weak and not near as stong as two other recent purchases from Seiko . The instructions are terrible and not very helpful . Making any kind of adjustments requires the reader to carefully follow all the steps as outlined which seems fine except just turning off the alarm in case you get up early or just want to cancel it is a major pain . The humane waking is system is overrated . Yes , it gets louder in increments but very quickly and not as slow as described . I would consider another alternative .
 I called Sangean to find out why the time was not synchronizing , to which the technician replied , `` Well it 's not the strongest atomic clock there is ... '' Then when I explained what I had done to test it , he was arrogant , unhelpful , and not in too many words told me tough luck!Just for the record , I purchased another clock from Radio Shack -LRB- which they do n't sell anymore , or I would have bought another one of those ! -RRB- , which works perfectly fine.What a ruse !
 I love the features of this unit , what with the auto-setting feature and the analog clock face and all the different alarm settings and so on . I even like the `` Humane Waking System . `` But after only a few days , the pretty blue light you see in the pictures went out and would n't come back on , so that in the dark we had to shine a light at the clock to see what time it was . That was aggravating but not fatal.However , recently the self-setting feature has gone haywire as well . The clock still sets itself , but it always sets itself between 78 and 79 minutes fast . There 's no way you can set the time manually and turn off the auto-set , so we completely ignore the time on the clock face now and set our alarms for an hour and 18 minutes before when they 're supposed to go off ... and we have another old clock radio right next to this one that actually keeps time -LRB- although we have to set it manually -RRB- and whose digits we can see.We 've had ours for a little over a year .
 I got this clock a week ago and I am observing it 's performance closely . It is indeed an atomic clock ; however , it 's digital numbers do n't light up . This for me is a very sad oversight of the engineers . I place the clock 7 feet away from the head of the bed on top of a 4-foot drawer stand and I can not see the digital time of the clock . Even the analog clock is not clear ; because of everyone 's familiarity with the analog clock 's hour numbers in circular design , one can see the position of the hour and minute hands and can `` surmise '' the current hour and minutes . It just blows my mind that the electronic designers of this clock have seemed to think of and worked on its many good features and were n't convinced that making illuminated digital numbers and figures is quite important .
 I bought this item a couple of years ago , and it seemed great according to the description . But it is almost maddeningly complicated to set up for the alarm functions . In fact , after I finally got it to wake me up I quit trying to change radio stations or volume levels . Also , it has a real hard time synchronizing with the time signal from Colorado . I have a small wristwatch very near this clock and the wristwatch nas no problem getting the correct time , but this thing , with its big antenna seems to have a terrible problem recieving the time signal .
 My husband bought me this clock radio as a gift . Not long after using it , the blue backlight stopped working . We fiddled with the brightness controls , but nothing helped . It just stopped . I resigned myself to not being able to see the time in the middle of the night . Then recently , the time itself stopped working correctly . The analog time and the digital time showed two different times , neither correct ! The digital clock began running way behind time -LRB- not good if you want an alarm to go off on time -RRB- . I was just about to junk it and order a new clock radio when I went in to take a look at it one more time , and both clocks are now reset to the correct time and seem to be functioning ... after more than a week of not working right ! Go figure . If you buy this , check it frequently to make sure it is still functioning correctly . Maybe I just got a lemon .
 This company was totally incompetent . . sending me a different radio completely . I returned the wrong radio & got a full refund -LRB- the ONLY thing these guys got right -RRB- !
 This is the most horrid clock radio ever . The user interface is terrible , and the physical unit is huge . The time receiver antenna is a monster and highly ugly . I could n't figure out how to set the alarm or change the radio station . This truly has the most horrid manual and the buttons were clearly not designed with the user in mind.This item got sent back and a $ 15 Emerson clock radio is vastly superior . The company clearly does not elicit feedback from real humans during the design process . I ca n't imagine anyone actually using this device outside of their engineering labs .
 I 've had this clock radio for about a year . I think it has alot of good ideas but not very good execution.The gradual increase in alarm volume is controlled by an `` alarmvolume '' control , separate from and independant of the `` mainvolume '' . However , the alarm volume only controls the initialvolume . It gradually increases by some fixed amount and I findthe ending volume too loud and there is no way to make itquieter . Even all the way down , it still gradually increasesuntil it 's too loud . I have a towel wrapped up over thespeaker.The alarm setting controls are complicated enough that if Ido n't change the settings for a few months , I have to read themanual again . If I have a day off , I just let the alarm wakeme and then go back to sleep rather than try to reprogram itfor one day.I agree with the all the other reviewers who say it 's hard toread the display at night.Sometimes , the atomic clock resets itself and the clock handsstart spinning as it sets the correct time . When the clockhands pass the alarm time , the alarm is triggered . Veryannoying in the middle of the night . What were they thinking ?
 This clock radio has it all ... almost . The Atomic clock synched right up , the sound is quite good , I like the `` Nap '' feature and the ability to set two alarms to two different times on each different day of the week is cool.So , I set it all up and put in my bedroom and when it got dark I realized the radio was useless to me - no matter how you set the backlighting brightness display you have to get right on top of the clock to read the display . So trying to set the nap timer or the sleep timer or change the alarm settings , after dark , becomes almost impossible . When you turn up the brightness the numerals just stay the same and the backlighting just gets brighter and glares in your face.The manual leaves a bit to be desired too and just ignores features like backup -LRB- which it seems to have because when you disconnect from power the clock continues to display and the setting are saved ; I just have no idea how long and if that feature is something I can count on -RRB- . Bottom line is I would surely keep the clock if I could only read it at night ... . but I ca n't ; so back it goes . Too bad .
 This knife might bear the Santoku label but it 's really just a big heavy German style knife with soft steel . Do n't get this if you 're looking for a light , nimble and hardened steel vegetable knife.The knife arrived overground towards the hilt and much of the blade did not make contact with the cutting board.Unimpressive knife .
 I have sent many emails regarding the quality of the chair -LRB- it broke within a few months of owning it -RRB- and the company wo n't even respond . Save your money and buy a less expensive chair seeing it wo n't last anyway and the company wo n't stand behind their product .
 While I do n't doubt the quality of this product if you were able to but it on a store shelf , do not buy it online ! It arrived severely damaged from shipping and had to be returned . Handle was bent , coating was chipped in several places .
 The handle is not attached in the right places on this kettle , so when it has water in it it tips to one side . A person ca n't carry it by the handle like he is supposed to be able to , and if a a person goes to pick up this kettle with more than a quart of water in it , it tips and the water sloshes even more off-balance . Poor manufacturing , but after mail-ordering this , I ca n't take it back to the store and exchange it for one with better balance -LRB- if there is one -RRB- . I ordered this on Amazon so I would n't have to look for it in a dozen stores , but now I wish I had n't .
 This product is exactly what I wanted . Would have loved this product and given it 5 stars but , it was soooooo badly damaged during shipping that there was no way it could ever have been used . I was so disappointed on the day it was delivered when I saw what condition the box was is . The fault is not with the product but with the shipping . It arrived in a single over-sized cardboard box with one piece of brown paper in and around it . One side was totally flat from being dropped so many times and the granite glaze was destroyed in several places on the kettle . Do n't know whether to try and purchase another or not . I must consider this carefully .
 I ordered my pot from Posteins Home & Beyond on July 25th , it arrived damaged , I sent it back , and I still do n't have my pot . Customer service wo n't return my calls , and no body seems to want to help me.How do I like my pot ? I do n't know , and I probably never will .
 I like the look of this pan , quick 1 minute preheat , and the even heating bottom surface . But stuff does stick even with oil , the good thing about the food that sticks it this enamel cleans up very easy . I know it says stick resistant but I would not use that term ... I would say stuff sticks and you should be prepared for that .
 These bags never hold the air out and are constantly reverting back to the original big shape because they ca n't seem to stay sealed well . Also , the material is very flimsy and half my bags ripped or got holes from nothing more that regular attempted use . I sent them back when they were n't sealing and received a new set thinking they have a wonderful 100 % Guarantee . NOT ! The new bags had the same issue which leads me to believe this is just an inferior product . Great idea and it works at first , but if they can fix it to stay sealed AND make it of tougher material , I may consider trying one inthe future . If not , save your money .
 I would have wanted to know that this teakettle was hard to keep clean and looked cheap . I bought two of these and am very disappointed with the lack of quality .
 I opted to purchase a new copper kettle rather than have the one I owned relined . Looked everywhere and found that Old Dutch is a well established name -LRB- quality ? -RRB- and had a nice range of styles . Chose the 21/2 Qt . Decor Teakettle . The kettle arrived on time and no dents , had a nice feel and weight . Followed the instructions for removing the lacquer finish and discovered two things ; the time involved for removing the finish was not 5-10 minutes as stated on the instruction sheet but more like 30-40 minutes , and that the small nuts/bolts holding the handle in place loosened during that process.No big deal on the lacquer removal other than a bit of concern and uncertainty that something was just not working right . But as I washed the kettle in the sink , one of the screws holding the handle fell off , with the nut dropping ... . thankfully , into the strainer , and not straight down the drain.But the real disappointment
 Bought this kettle because I was specifically looking for a kettle with a long spout for pour over coffee method . Removing the laquer was not difficult , but like previous reviewer , I did start to see rust , and the spout has now started leaking where it connects to the pot after only one month of daily use . I will never buy a kettle from this brand for actual usage again . They are very nice looking though , so if it was just for decor use I would consider it .
 This item is aesthetically appealing but is very cheaply made and does not stay together once assembled . The connector piece that joins the upper metal rods is made of plastic and does not hold the speaker in place . The rubber that is supposed to keep the upper rod in place does n't . I do not recommend these stands . Unfortunate , as they would be very nice to look at ... the bases are beautiful and made of glass .
 These were made specifically for Bose satellite speakers , so the seller never disclosed . They wo n't even hold my speakers and for $ 17 it 's not worth the cost to return deliver . I 'm completely disappointed and now these are sitting in a closet collecting dust
 Firstly , this is NOT A QUALITY ISSUE - although it was somewhat disappointing to find tiny glass shavings on the glass bases , requiring additional time to first wipe all the components with damp paper towels prior to assembling them . . I understand some reviews of this stand are favorable - each to their own , but I chose to return this product for a refund.In my opinion this stand has DESIGN/AESTHETIC and FUNCTIONAL problems , specifically concerning the GLASS BASE and the SPEAKER CONNECTION ADAPTERS.GLASS BASE :1 -RRB- It does n't lay flat on the floor , but is raised about 2 '' or 3 '' in the corner where the stand connects to the base . . NOTE - if you TAKE A CLOSE LOOK at the picture of the stand around the base plate area - which I failed to do before I bought them - you will notice the stand appears to go BELOW the glass base and the two opposite corners are also slightly raised . . This is not an illusion , the glass base does n't touch the floor - While some may consider this a design `` enhancement '' , I consider it a design flaw .2 -RRB- The base is pretty sizeable - too big when trying to position the speaker along side certain furniture .3 -RRB- The screws which connect to/through the base are all tightened by hand -LRB- as I recall -RRB- , which I veiw as another drawback.SEAKER CONNECTION ADAPTERS
 I was not totally satisfied with this product . I have assembled 100 's it items at home before but still the assembly of this one was quite confusing . The major source of disappointment was the way the stand looks once assemebled . Once completely assmembled , the glass base of the stand does n't sit parallel to the floor , rather it slopes towards the front , making the entire stand look quite awkward . None of the pictures on the box or in the assemebly instructions clearly show this . So I had to struggle with it for while , trying to figure out what I was doing `` wrong '' . -LRB- why it wo n't sit flat with the floor -RRB- . Finally called the customer support only to be told that the `` slopped base '' was by design . So be aware of this
 I bought this rolling pin thinking it will be great to keep my pie/pastry dough cool using ice/ice water as advertised . However , common sense -LRB- which I did n't have at the moment of purchase -RRB- will tell you that ice water attracts moisture ... moisture attracts flour ... flour and water make ... paste ! What a mess ! So maybe I missed something , but ca n't figure out what . Every time I put cold water in the pin it sweats on the outside ... so there you go ! I since found a very nice WOODEN rolling pin , heavy duty with nice handles that has restored my confidence in making pie crust !
 Bought this based on the mostly positive reviews but while vacuuming my apt today , the suction died . I used it only 2-3 times a month and it 's not even a year since I bought this - quite upsetting . The brush roll mechanism works fine , but what 's the point when there 's no suction , it defeats the whole point of having a vacuum cleaner . My old Hoover lasted me 5yrs and the only reason I finally ended up replacing that one was because the wheels had come off . I am sorry but this will be my first and last Eureka product . It sucks to now have to look for a new vacuum cleaner when money is so tight at the moment . I understand this was less than $ 100 , but still , this was sadly just simply a waste of money . Would think twice before spending your hard earned $ on this product .
 This vacuum lasted just barely long enough for me to have no option but throw its carcass away and `` eat the loss . '' Sure it seems reasonably priced , and there 's no disputing that it 's lightweight and compact for the suction you get out of it -- until it stops sucking . In my 43 years -LRB- 25 of which include first-hand purchases of vacuums -RRB- , I 've never had a vacuum that died on me as quickly as this one did . Was it just bad luck ? If so , then my low rating should be appropriately overwhelmed by high ratings from those who were not so unlucky . As I submit this review , this vacuum currently gets four stars from the Amazon population , so it appears that I was unlucky . Still , buyers beware . If you 're as unlucky as me , this vacuum will die more quickly than you can go through a handful of disposable razor blades . May you be luckier .
 Bought this to do my hardwood and ceramic floors , you have to completly clean the filter each time , I 'd use my air compressor , a true hassle , everything gets jammed right at the inlet as well , both wheels fell off within a year . Spend a few bucks more on something else
 Do you use carpet powder ? Do you have pets ? Does your floor get dirty ? Then this vacuum is not for you . Here 's the problems.Carpet powder gets all over the place . Theres a hole at the bottom to create the wind tunnel . Problem is this hole is not covered in any way -LRB- Dysons are covered -RRB- . When you use carpet powder all the powder settles in the hole and whoosh , giant cloud of powder . Pulling the canister out puts dust into that hole and whoosh , giant cloud of dust.Pet hair gets clogged up in the hole . So what does that mean ? Your vacuum has no suction when its clogged . You hear the vacuum get louder and louder . If you continue to run the vacuum , the motor will eventually lock up . So if you do n't overheat your motor , you can clear the clog up and begin working it again until 2.5 min later you have to clear it up again.Bottom line
 I saw a hundred plus reviews ... Bought it.Had it just long enough for the return policy to end . . I do n't clean that much and I kept the filters clean .
 I do n't usually write reviews and have only written 1 other one , however , I was compelled to write one for this product . I was very excited when I received this vacuum but the excitement quickly turned into disappointment . I used it for the first time in a house I just moved into . It is loud and gives you the impression that it is powerful . That is not the case . I have a 2400 square feet home and it failed to do a satisfactory job in just 1/6 of it . I had to do one area repeatedly to get the job done . I used it on a 5x8 wool area rug and it barely picked up any dirt or lint . I thought that my carpet and rug were maybe too thick so I tried an old Hoover EmPower vacuum just to test the outcome . Just like that , everything is picked up !!! I had the Hoover for about 5 years and thought I should get a new vacuum for my house since it 's much bigger than my old apartment . Boy , was I wrong ! The Hoover is still used regularly , whereas the Eureka sits taking up space and looking pretty . It 's been almost a year and I 've used it a handful of times , mainly for the stairs . The only reason why I did n't give this piece of junk 1 star is for that reason . It DOES clean the stairs easily . My Hoover is too big and bulky for that . Also , emptying the darn thing is a big pain in the a ** . It 's very messy and not user friendly AT ALL . I have my husband do it because it 's so hard to get the top off . One time , everything just flew out and spilled everywhere during a struggle . Needless to say , it was not a pretty sight . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR ! I hope this review helps .
 I bought this vacuum and within 2 months it stopped sucking up dirt and actually started to spit out debris ! I emptied the impossibly hard to open canister every time I vacuumed , so where this dirt was coming from beats me ! I tried to exchange it at the store I got it , but they would n't , and I could be bothered to call Eureka to fix it.What a shame that this is the 2nd Eureka I 've had that went kaputz on me . I 'm sticking to Dirt Devil and Kenmore .
 The air is blowing out under the bottom front of dust collection can . As a result , the air blows away the dust before the vacuum cleaner sucks the dusts in . To prevent from blowing the dust away , the handle should be held very low , so that the air blows up rather forward to blow the dust away.It is convenient to vacuum the stairs because it is light and the motor is strong .
 I would NOT recommend this product to anyone . Have used approximately 7 times and realized , this will never work , complete piece of crap . Is is defective ? Who would know , it 's almost impossible to push by two 35-year old parents on carpet and blows air out the front so on the tile , it blows the debris away from the vacuum ! Less than 3 months old , but out of the return window for Amazon -- YET , they made an effort to help , will be able to return for a partial refund . Here 's the reason I 'm writing the review -LRB- other than to try and prevent others from frustration -RRB- -- Amazon advised to call Eureka , a `` very reputable company '' . The younger guy from Eureka told me he only sells this vacuum to `` older single ladies living in a condo '' and confirmed it was a piece of crap . He said he did n't even like it when he pushed it around and did n't even turn it on ! So ... where does that leave us , he can do nothing . They NEVER -LRB- told me that 3 times -RRB- give refunds and I wo n't take off work to drive it to a mom and pop repair shop during limited business hours . Also , he confirmed it 's a piece of crap so why would I want to drive it somewhere to waste more time ! Amazon , please forward to your Eureka reps so they can know what happened here . I praise you for working with us , because while it 's not a lot of money for Eureka , it is for a family with two kiddos who have to buy another vacuum . Come on Eureka , know who your customers are and at least pretend you care .
 This is the worst vacuum I have ever had . First , it reeked of toxic plastics for months , so I had to keep it in its own closet and wear a mask when I used it . Second , dust clogs the top making it difficult to take apart to clean the filter . Third , the integrity of the whole machine is based on a tiny piece of plastic -LRB- about the size of two staples -RRB- where the filter fits to the top . Not surprisingly it keeps breaking .
 On my seconded one . Excellent vacuum
 I bought this a few years ago and it 's worked fine . The problem is that over time with only moderate use -LRB- once a week use over a small area -RRB- the wheels fall off . There 's a plastic tab that keeps the wheels on and it wears out . I took it to the vacuum repair place and they said the only way to fix it was to buy an entire new head which costs about the same as a new vacuum -LRB- $ 80 -RRB- . He said I was n't the only person who 's come in with this problem , and he tells them not to buy the Optima for just this reason .
 its tiny ... its noisy ... it picks up dirt better than your old cheap vac ... but the filter gets filthy way too fast ... then it smells . It has a fan blowing out the front for some reason , that fan blows everything your trying to suck up all over the place , including dust that you wind up breathing in . $ 50 vacuums just are n't what they used to be , its time to upgrade people . the $ 80 - $ 100 vacuums are the new cheap vacs . . anything less than that is not worth buying .
 When our trusty old vacuum broke , instead of trying to find a repair shop -LRB- are there still vacuum repair shops -RRB- we decided to get a new machine.This Eureka 437AZ Optima had a lot of nice reviews and the price was pretty reasonable , plus , I liked the bright tangerine color.Well , let me tell you , this is not at all the brightly colored vacuum of my homemaker dreams.First off , this is not orange , not tangerine , titian or carrot , it 's a muddy brown with a slight hint of reddish orange . The color of this vacuum had a big popularity surge in the 80 's , people were buying tupperware bowls , towel sets and even recliners in this horrible brown meets brown-orange and splattered all over themselves color . Anyways , sorry to go on and on about the color , but darnit , I wanted orange , like a sassy cell phone or the bad girl boots I moon over at the mall but never have the guts to try on.But the ugly 80 's color is n't what I 'm most upset/disappointed/migraine-y about , it 's the smell.All new appliances have an odor , the first hour or two that you turn on a new space heater it smells like dust , that icky plastic-y smell that comes out of the hair dryer when you use it for the first time is a bummer , but the smell from this vacuum is toxic . We hoped the burning rubber plus city bus exhaust smell would dissipate , but it did n't , in fact , the longer we used the vacuum , the stronger the smell became . We opened every window , turned on the air conditioner and switched on fans , all to no avail . I was baking cake for my son 's birthday party and even the scent of a homemade chocolate cake was n't enough to cover the nostrils and throat burning stench.So we turned it off . After an hour of working on the yard , we came back into the house -LRB- the smell had driven us outside to find clean air for our oxygen deprived lungs and we had a houseful guests due in a couple of hours and cake to frost , etc , what a nightmare ! -RRB- and the smell was mostly gone . We were too afraid to try the vacuum again , so we moved the rugs around to hide the fact that we had n't completely vacuumed our living room and hopefully no one noticed , or if they did , they were too polite to say anything . But the next day , after setting the vacuum outside for a few hours to air out , we tried it again.Horrible smell , again ! We checked the belts , we checked the manual , there 's no subheading for Smelly Vacuum.But as for my review of the vacuum 's main function ; sucking up dirt , I think it worked okay . It required more passes to pick up stuff -LRB- very annoying , I 'm kinda a slob , so having to spend even more time cleaning my floors makes me super unhappy -RRB- , but it 's light weight construction made it easier to maneuver around furniture , so I guess it cancels out the irritation . The suction is n't what I 'd like it to be and there is not as much length allowing you to use the vacuum for sucking up cobwebs in the corners of the ceiling or reaching under the couch , but maybe this is how all newer vacuums are made . I have n't really kept up with advances in vacuum tech.Anyways , we are returning this vacuum -LRB- I hate returning stuff , it 's such a bother when it 's bought online -RRB- but we really need a vacuum and after paying $ 80 + extra shipping to get it in time to clean the floors for our son 's birthday party , I kinda have to , it 's the principle of the thing , sigh . UPDATE
 pros : small , compact , not too heavy , good suction -LRB- when filter is new and clean -RRB- , turbo brush attachment works well when suction is good.cons : squeaky wheels right out of the box , for $ 100 vac -LRB- sears -RRB- expected better quality . price.the filter needs a filter . i 've tried wrapping it in pantyhose like one reviewer suggested . still it gets dirty fast . i only vacuum a few small rooms w2w low pile carpet no pets no high traffic . it sucks up mostly carpet . i 'll try to make something washable and permanent instead of this hepa filter or wrap electrostatic foam filter around it.forward exhaust does not bother me and is not too bad . i may keep it until the wheels come off .
 Consumer Reports rated the Eureka Optima number 44 out of 44 upright vacuums . It is not a good deep cleaner of carpets and it 's unreliable as well . The Hoover Tempo is a much better choice and costs about the same . The Tempo was rated higher in CR than even all the Dyson models were . BTW bagless vacuums are filthy and VERY unsanitary . People with allergies should avoid then all together .
 This cleaner needs to be emptied and the filter cleaned each time it is used . Getting the separate things apart takes more strength than I have , so the lighter weight is cancelled out for me.The cleaner * blows * air from the front , and I keep having the feeling that I 'm just blowing the air around .
 I wanted a light weight , yet powerful vacuum . I initially liked this vacuum . It has great suction power -LRB- so much so that , area rugs get stuck to it -RRB- . I liked most of the features except for its wheels . On my berber carper , it wo n't move at-all . Pushing it forward causes a lot of hand pain , as suction is powerful with clumsy wheels . I have never had that kind of pain with previous and even heavier vacuum cleaner . I returned this vac to store where I bought it and looking for another light weight model .
 i find this vacuum to only do a good job on kitchen floors or very low pile and it leaves weird lines in the carpet . i would not recommend this vacuum at all .
 I bought this vacuum because I was sick of big , heavy , and noisy upright vaccums , but my hope quickly turned to complete disappointment as I started to use this product.Is it lighter than traditional full-size upright vacuums ? No way ! It 's smaller but even heavier than my old big full-size Panasonic upright vacuum!Is it quieter ? Not at all . Very noisy!It 's worse . My old big Panasonic vacuum moves smoothly on carpets when brush is rotating , but this one is very heavy to move on long-leg carpets even when brush is rotating . I bought this with expectation that cleaning jobs would be easier but the reality is that cleaning jobs have become harder with this product!The manual is very poor and you have to do guesses and some trial and errors to understand how it actually works.I feel I was betrayed and will never buy Eureka products again .
 I used the vacuum in an 1100 sq ft apartment and was disappointed . There are so many limitations and no pros -LRB- except compact size -RRB- that I ca n't honestly recommend it , unless you live in a studio . - Cord is too short . It 's sufficient only for vacuuming 1 room at a time . Since I have 4 rooms , I had to change outlets 4 times . That 's really inconvenient . - No retractable cord . It 's tedious to manually wrap the cord after each use . - Hose is too short . It does n't even reach all the corners of the kitchen or bathroom . I had to drag the entire vacuum along just to vacuum the corners of my small kitchen and bathroom . - Dust gets blown around during vacuuming ; dust accumulates on the vacuum after use in just 1 room . This is problematic since the main goal of a vacuum is to suck dust INTO the machine , not move it to the top of the machine . - Dust cup requires frequent emptying -LRB- e.g. after vacuuming entire apartment twice -RRB- - Requires a lot of effort to vacuum -LRB- for such a small machine -RRB- . My old canister was much lighter to use .
 I live in a small condo and needed a vacuum that would not take up too much space but be able to successfully clean my three Oriental area rugs as well as my Pergo floor . In spite of mostly decent reviews , with a sprinkling of negative ones , this Eureka 437AS was a disaster from the get-go ! After the initial vacuuming , my attempt to put the cleaning cup back into the vacuum -LRB- at least 1/2 hr . worth of tries -RRB- was impossible to accomplish . Also , the seams of the part seemed to buckle . I had actually used a Shark for two years , not an especially effective product , but the Shark was way ahead in usability than this disaster . Returned it the next day . Beware this useless vacuum cleaner!Eureka 437AZ Optima Lightweight Upright Vacuum
 I am very unhappy with this vacuum cleaner . I read a positive review in Real Simple magazine , and positive comments on Amazon . But I think it proves the old adage `` You get what you pay for . '' I should have saved up the money to buy a Dyson or a Miele . My major complaint is that the dirt very quickly clogs up the HEPA filter . So I have to dig around in the filter in order to get the dirt out of it -- which means dust is flying around in the air . I have a chronic lung problem which is why I bothered with a HEPA filter to begin with . But now I 'm sure I 'm breathing in a lot more dust than if I could simply dump the dirt in the garbage . AND I have to clean out the dirt canister after I vacuum each room . Otherwise the dust flies around while I 'm vacuuming . I 'd rather have a vacuum bag.The other -LRB- minor , but still irritating -RRB- issue is that the cord is really too short .
 My advise to anyone who is looking to purchase this hunk of crap , save your money ! It has no power , it has an air exhaust in the front so when you want to vacuum simple little dust bunnies they are blown away ! Extremely poor design ! I would NOT recommend this for even the most simple tasks .
 This is one of a dozen items I ordered from Amazon as gifts . It was shipped from Amazon in the retail display box via UPS so there was no mistaking what it was when it arrived . Additionally , it had a foot shaped hole in the box and parts of the product were damaged or missing . No protective carton , no packaging material . Returned and will no be reordered . The same day a ceramic utensil holder arrived in a carton with no top and bottom packing , just one plastic air bag on one side and the ceramic holder in about a dozen parts . Ten minutes to order , 4 days to deliver , a month to process a return . I gave this one star because damage in shipment without a protective carton is expected .
 I liked the light weight so overlooked the downsides , like that it blows air out the front -LRB- fun to chase the blowing-around dog hairs , we get our exercise where we can ... -RRB- and that the cord was too short . But , it completely died after less than 2 years . Trashed it and bit the bullet and bought a Shark . The Shark was just delivered and is still in the box , no rush on the cleaning thing , but it does have a 5 year warranty so I figure the cost per year will be less than the Eureka piece of junk . Like my BFF said , vacuum cleaners do n't get used all that much in my house -LRB- I prefer to be called `` domestically challenged '' -RRB- so if it lasted less than 2 years for me ...
 This vacuum had great suction the first time we used it , but gradually began losing it immediately thereafter . We washed the filter every time after use but I think you ca n't get it clean enough . It used to perform a little better after a filter wash . Now , less than a year later , no amount of washing can fix it . I do not recommend this vacuum to anyone , especially if you have pets .
 When you think of a Eureka product , you would normally think about a high-quality engineered product . NOT IN THIS CASE ... !!! The air discharge from the unit blows on the area that your about to clean . This discharge blows dirt & dust all over the place , if , your using it to clean hard-wood floors . After you use this for a period of time , you 'll notice that you will have excessive dust build-up on your tables & furniture.Save yourself some money and buy a leaf-blower . It will be much faster and you can use it outdoors !
 I returned Eureka 437AZ back to AMAZON . I was very dissapointed when I 've tried to vacuum my room . The vacuum is powerful but flow of air comming from the front blower is so strong that it disperses dust all over and prevents proper vacuuming . In the Cosumers Report Eureka 431 green vacuum cleaner is not recommended model and now I know that these two vacuums are practically identical , the only difference being color and HEPA filter . Another downside of this vacuum is that the dust acumulates over the filter which then is difficult to clean .
 This vacuum lasted me 2 years . I did not use it daily , only WEEKLY or sometimes BI-weekly ! I live in an small apartment , so no up stairs or down stairs.I do not have children nor do i have dusty neighbors trying to borrow my Eureka either.It was a slow death i must say , after a few months -LRB- about 6 or so -RRB- the vacuum started to pick up less & less . After about 15 months the Eureka was like a cool robotic broom . It picked up what it could . Then finally after 2 years she died . I used the power paw for my cats tree , nothing else but my cats tree . . and that died after a year.Another thing that i want to mention , this vacuum is HARD to clean ! On Amazon -LRB- pre-purchase -RRB- I read some reviews mentioning this too but i didnt listen because I thought to myself `` Oh it cant be that hard , I like to clean '' . UHHH no ! Cleaning the filter was like an entire different chore.So take it from someone that have used this vacuum for more then one happy week , it sucks .
 Other reviews have mentioned this , but I wanted to add my 1 start to theirs . The wheels fall off andthere is no way to get them to stay on . Ca n't vacuum without wheels !! I wo n't ever buy one again .
 I bought this vacuum about 8 months ago . I wanted something cheap and lightweight because I only have one area rug in my house and the rest is hardwoods that I sweep . It died on me today . It just makes a very sad blown motor noise . It only got used for about 5 minutes twice a week for 8 months . Very short lived .
 This certainly cleans well , but within a year a wheel had fallen off , the hose holder broke , and the cannister holder broke . Also , it is extremely hard to open and close the cannister . And , as others have mentioned as well , the fan blows dust all over when you start it .
 I bought this vacuum on sale at Sears after my other one -LRB- about 7-8 years old -RRB- finally quit . Brought it home and despite it 's small size was surprised at the suction it contained . It sucked up lots of pet hair & dust . However , all of this seemed to deposit straight onto the filter , which required me to find something small to clean the little accordian pleats with , I used the end of a chopstick to pick it all out , then I had to take it outside to bang it off to try to get more off . I noticed that I had to do this EVERY TIME I used it . The Power Paw attachment also worked great the first time I used it , before the filter became dirty . Because filter was hopelessly dusty after the first use , the suction power on all the attachments resembled a small child drinking through a tiny straw on a juice box after that . Also , with no floor height adjustments , the living room carpet was almost impossible to push across . I like working out , but I do n't want to break a sweat after vacuuming 220 square feet of carpet . Plus , if it had to work too hard while suctioning on the carpet , the belt not spinning indicator would come on and I 'd have to turn it off and let it `` rest '' . My carpet is n't even a shag , it 's a frieze and I 've never had a vacuum have so much trouble on it before . One plus
 MY RECOMMENDATION TO YOU IS TO STOP SELLING THIS PRODUCT !!!! ITS KINDA HARD TO USE WHEN THE WHEELS KEEP FALLING OFF !!!!!! EUREKA HAS ALREADY SENT ME A REPLACEMENT PART AND 6 MONTHS LATER THERE FALLING OFF AGAIN ... I WOULD HAVE NEVER ORDERED FILTERS FROM AMAZON IF I HAD KNOWN THE WHEELS WHERE GON NA FAIL AGAIN !!! SIGNED I AM VACUUMLESS !!!!!! Eureka 437AZ Optima Lightweight Upright Vacuum
 I have owned this vacuum for 5 months and it does not do the job . For one thing , once the brush gets any hair or fur in it , it stops picking things up . 2nd it does not work on bare floor . There is a hose attachment with a rolling brush for stairs , the brush stopped working . I am very dissapointed with the product and wish I never bought it.Don ' t go by the reviews from people that have had it for a week or two , ofcourse it will work good when it 's brand new , that 's what I did and now I know how it really works , or does n't work .
 I bought this at Costco to have a as second vacuum . I liked the idea of the tiger paw to clean the stairs . After about 3 uses the tiger paw stopped spinning if you put any pressure at all on it . The cord is way too short . I have to replug 3 times in just 1 room ! The cannister fills up very quickly and all of the dust collects around the top of the filter . Cleaning the filter is not the easiest task and is a pretty dirty job . While using it on my hardwood floors , I see it blowing dust , hair , etc. away from the vacuum . It really is n't a very good vacuum at all . I would only reommend this to people in very small apartments who do not have pets and do n't mind cleaning a filter every 5 minutes .
 This is my first bagless vac.It 's fairly easy to assemble . The parts snap together without too much trouble . The accessory hose is rather heavy and you have to stretch it over the top . I left the hose and accessories in the box , because I wanted a lightweight vac for my aging mother.It 's very hard to push . I looked for a height adjustment but there is n't any . You ca n't fix the problem . This means I ca n't give this vac to my aging mother . Can I return it ? It does vacuum very well . Huge amounts of dust were sucked out of the carpet and placed in big swirled lumps inside the clear case.There is no prefilter for the Hepa filter . This is a huge design mistake . It took several minutes of messy work with an old toothbrush to remove all the caked dust from the Hepa filter . Maybe I will try the suggested pantyhose fix.Bottom line is I 'd like to return it . But I did use it . It 's got dust inside it . I cleaned it up pretty well , but what can Amazon do with a used vac ? Would they even accept it ? Edit
 I got this vacuum because I read that it was light weight , not too noisy , and did a good job picking up dirt . I found it very difficult to push on my carpets . By the time I was done vacuuming my apartment , my back was really hurting . It feels like it has the brakes on . I tried to return it , but found that some of the pieces that had to be assembled when I purchased it , would n't come apart -- thus I was not able to ship it back as it was shipped to me .
 This is one handy little vac ... Eureka really made a cute tool . The problem is it shots more dust back into the air . I did n't realize at first why the kids and I were getting so many sinus attacks ... but now that I 'm using my 10-year old Hoover again we are clearing up . I wish Eureka would take this model just a little further and put a bag in it that will catch the fine dust . It is also very difficult to clean the filter because it gets so matted with nasty stuff.I 'm currently shopping for another vac ... this time with a bag -LRB- the thrill of cleaning out the dust cup crevices lasts only 2-3 weeks tops -RRB- .
 I wrote to Eureka to let them know the attachment holder -LRB- plastic -RRB- broke and I now have to thread the hose around the unit to keep it from flopping around . They basically blew me off , did n't offer a discount on a future product or a resolution to fixing the product . I will never purchase a Eureka product again .
 We had previously purchased a set of these knives from a different vendor a few years ago and needed more . The old ones were fine . This set was awful . They could not cut a straight line and were amazingly dull . I sent them back .
 Build quality felt pretty good , but when I put this together one of the clasps used to hold the pole up would n't stay . Also , at maximum height -LRB- which is n't very high -RRB- it felt kind of shaky . I am sending it back .
 I just bought these speaker stands . I have TINY Sony rear speakers so the fact that the stability did n't seem too great was n't an issue . Once I put them together the piece that holds the two poles together worked on one but not the other . The connector itself is cheap plastic while the rest of the stand is made of decent quality metal . Did n't make much sense . The stand that DID work would n't allow height adjustment but did hold the speaker up at base height which is pretty low.Pro : Cheap as far as priceCons : Connectors are cheap plasticHeight is pretty low even if you can a connector that works
 These stands are very poor quality for the price . You can purchase much better quality stands for the same price or less , like the Omni Mount stands . I purchased these stands and screws stripped on first use . The part that tightens the two poles together to make them adjustable is plastic and will fail sooner or later as others have noted . I would not recommend purchasing these stands . Should you do so anyhow the biggest wire that will fit through them is 14 Gauge and only the smallest satellite speakers should be mounted on them . Beware though any pet could easily knock them over .
 Do n't get me wrong , these are very nice speaker stands . However , they are not compatable with the Bose 321 Speaker System . The bracket to attach to the speakers must be modified before use -LRB- and I mean cutting metal -RRB- and since Bose uses a wiring harness , you must cut the wire before you can feed it through the hollow tubes . I was just not willing to do all that when I can buy the overpriced Bose stands and not have to modify anything . I called Customer Service at Sanus and the guy I spoke with was nice but completely oblivious to what I had to say . He told me it should n't be that expensive to have a machine shop cut the brackets down to size and that if I did n't mind hacking through my speaker wire and taping them back together , it should not have any effect on the sound . HUH ??
 Disappointed in the manufacturing quality . One stand fit together just fine , but the second stand the upper pole was made such that the diameter was slightly too large . I had to use considerable force and sand some pieces down to get it to fit together and it still does n't fit properly .
 This item was shipped in the shelf box , not a packing box and arrived in pieces . Never got to cook in it though . Does not appear to be well constructed .
 I could n't stand this coffee . It smells like the old ` scratch and sniff ' chocolate from the books in the 70 's ! It leaves a horrible aftertaste that is very chemically . I 'm stuck with 4 bags , but do n't know anybody I dislike enough to try to pawn this coffee off on them-yuck !!!
 Not what I expectedLike
 I m very much used to the Space Bags for storage at home and for travelling . On my last purchase I 've bought the ones with the new Rolling System . The idea sounds perfect but it just does n't work when you are packing.Once you have your clothes inside the bag and seal it , the act of rolling it demands strenth and caution -LRB- as the plastic can easily blow -RRB- . The air wo n't come out through the seals.At the end I cought myself leaving the bag partially open , rolling it -LRB- using my knees on the floor -RRB- and then sealing it . My wife said she would n't have the strenth to do it.These bags are real space savers but rolling system does n't work .
 I have used this type of bag for several years , traveling nearly every week . This is the first time that I have purchased this brand and it will be the last . The first time I used one of the large bags , I sealed up some clothes for 3-4 days as a test . The bags did not leak - great news . When I opened the bag , it ripped away from the zipper . Thinking I had been too rough with it , I tried again with a second bag . Same result . The bags that I have been purchasing from Target have been holding up for 15-20 trips before losing their seal . I was hoping for at least that much durability from the Space Bag brand , but I 'll have to be disappointed.The plastic feels too thin to hold up to frequent opening/closing cycles . Maybe if you are going to seal it up then put it on a shelf , these may be for you . Otherwise , save your money .
 Yes they do compress , but you 're better off rolling the air out of a ziploc bag , then buying this . The fabric of the items bunch up and block the opening where the air is pushed out . You ca n't even get the items as flat as the picture shows . I also noticed that it 's difficult to even deflate the air out because the air backs up .
 These are truly a space saver . However , they are difficult to roll-up & they split easily . I ended up with only 2 usable for a three week trip.I probably wo n't be recommending these to anyone .
 The second bag I used ripped on the first time I sealed it . I called the company directly to ask for a replacement bag and they told me contact Amazon directly ... Since I already used the other three bags in the box , not sure what Amazon will do .
 I bought a few spacebags and they ended up breaking . One when I slid it on the tile to put it in the closet . -LRB- a pin hole . made the bag junk -RRB- One when I was pressing a blanket in the bottom ... the seam broke . The others seemed to get air back in them over time in the attic . The under the bed bag works the best even though still letting air in over time . If the bags were thicker they would be better and they only work good on bulky items pillows and comforters ... T-shirts and pants do n't flatten at all .
 I am deploying and I was looking to save as much room in my back as possible . As soon as I took these bags outside of the package I could tell they would not last . The zipper seams sturdy , but the bags themselves are made of a cheap material . Zip lock bags are sturdier . I attempted to pack my first item and the zipper got cought in the bag and immediatley tore the bag . I would not recommend them to any one.thee product information on online does include what they are made of . Samsonite has a similar product , about the same price . I would recommend them instead.ITW Space Compressible Bag BRS-9212ZG Vacuum-Seal Travel Roll Bags , Set of 4
 I bought them for a trip to Egypt to make more room at the end of the trip . The locking tab broke right away , while the others were too small . Overall , they were about as productive as a baggie . I did n't use them at all . I just folded better . Alas .
 I bought 2 sets for storing clothes for the summer . They wo n't work ! A normal person can not press hard enough to remove any air from the bag once you 've rolled the clothing in . What a waste of time trying to make them work and what a loss of money . Someone needs to re-engineer these and quit selling them in the meantime .
 These bags are cheap . The vacuum does n't last a day . If is for a short time they work fine , but if you like them for store things go for something more expensive with a proper vacuum seal .
 Rolling the bag produces air , having to zip the bag allows for some air to be trapped in the bag preventing the bag from being totally flat . -LRB- like a ziploc bag -RRB- I think the kind that requires a vacum suction probably perform better . I was able to remove more air from the rolled bag by placing a vacum hose in the bag.I would not recommend this product .
 A space bag is made out of the cheapest material I have ever seen . They rip so easily , let alone vacume air out of the bag.Honestly , I think this product is a waste of 13 dollars.Do not buy this product .
 These bags are not worth the price you pay for them . They 're essentially giant Zip-Loc bags , and honestly , I think I can achieve the same result with a Zip-Loc bag.It does remove all the air out of the bag by rolling the bag filled with clothes , and it is vacuum sealed . However , when I opened the bag to get my clothes out , the zipper ripped the bag along the top edge rendering it useless . So my suggestion , if you decided to buy this product , be careful on how you open the bag.The other issue I have is with its usefulness . The bags do n't really save that much room in my luggage . You 're restricted to how you pack because all your clothes are restricted to the bag . In the end , I was able to pack more items in my luggage without the bags by just tightly rolling up my clothes into logs .
 Pretty flimsy . They worked for my first trip , but would not hold air the second time I used them . None of the three . Very cheaply made .
 They air comes back in within the hour . One of them never worked and one of them broke so we had to duck tape it . Not worth it !
 I gave this two stars simply because if you read enough , you will eventually realize these are not the bags you use the vacuum seal feature with . You need to roll the air out of these bags which is a pain and is not very effective . The sizes are smaller than what they profess to be . I suggest spending a few bucks more and getting the right bags ... . Most people will be dissaspointed with these ...
 Do not waste your money on this , this bag is good or as bad as any other bag -LRB- a walmart bag too -RRB- .
 I went crazy and bought a TON of these in the hopes of both assisting in organizing my families life -LRB- primarily for the changing of winter to summer clothes , storage of extra bedding , and other bulky type items . -RRB- Initially , life was great . I could get everything stored and it was always fun for the kids to watch the bag `` shrink '' with the application of the vacuum hose . When you label the bag with one of the new Dymo Labelmakers , Avery labels , etc. , it is extremely easy to keep track of what everything is and where it goes . Unfortunately , I had 2 of the Jumbo bags in particular that started my hatred and subsequent search for a better product . These 2 bags both `` spontaneously '' just began to come apart . Do n't get me wrong , they were stored under the bed and had NEVER been opened again , pushed around , bounced upon , or treated poorly in general . In fact , they just sat there compressed and full of all the stuff that apparently I do n't use that much.Both of these failures appear to have begun near the check valve and propagated throughout the bag . Even upon the application of serious quantities of Gorilla Tape in an effort to save them was a waste of time and more money -LRB- that tape is something they are proud of -RRB- they could not be saved . As they are both less than a year old , to say that I am upset would be a gross understatement . It appears that the plastic is so friable at this point , that simply touching it causes it to fall apart . For this reason , I have a major issue with this product as when I have spent in excess of $ 10 on each of these bags and have had them for this short of a period , it would lead me to believe that this is a product related issue and not one in how they are stored , etc. . They were never exposed to temperature extremes as I truly love my comfort and they get the benefit of that as well . The plastic just failed and for each repair you attempt to make , another 2-3 leaks appear elsewhere . Buy at your own risk and do n't expect that they are going to last forever -LRB- or even a year or two in my experience -RRB- . For packing for a trip , keeping your clothes dry , etc. , they are fantastic -LRB- and the only reason they did n't receive one star -RRB- but for what they are marketed for in terms of long-term storage , they fail miserably .
 They are not air tight . I bought a package of the travel Space bags that you role the air out of instead of vacuum out . Initially they seemed to work , but by a day later , all the bags had filled with air again . I tried several times with different sealing methods and fewer or different items in them , but the result was always the same . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . Most of the reviewers here had the same problem . I purchased a roll of clear , industrial type office trash bags that did the same job much better and for far less money .
 are always ending up being fake reviews from people designing the product or work for the company selling the product . these were great while packing to geneva . but upon repacking . oooh no they ripped up so bad . i couldnt even use . i thought about throwing them away . but remembered i could return them . so i did . thankfully i had amazon prime . seriously if youd ont have prime . and you use amazon allot . it will pay for itself . get prime
 So I took another set of these when I deployed , the type that use a vacuum to suck the air out . I thought these would be great for my shorter trips . Unfortunately they do n't live up to their big brothers . First I could n't get all the air out of them easily , no matter how much pressing and pushing I did . The small air escape mechanism forced me to position the bag in such a way to allow the air to escape . Secondly , if you do n't hold it right there is a chance you 'll pop the bag . Yup , that 's what happened to me . I popped one on the first attempt to push the air out . Overall , I 'm not happy with this purchase and would n't recommend them .
 They worked great for a little while , but 6 months in the plastic tore in the middle on two of them , making the bags useless . Something ha changed since the previous ones I owned -LRB- I 've been using these for years -RRB- and the plastic seems more brittle these days . I 'm going to start looking for another type soon .
 These bags work great ! They are easy to use and really do save space in the suitcase . The good part is that they can be used again for the trip home to hold the dirty clothes separate from the clean ones .
 These sheets are thick , but not smooth at all . I did some research -LRB- after I bought them -RRB- about thread count . Apparently , some manufacturers use a `` new '' method for thread count which is totally different from the one we know and rely on . According to my research , thread count is the new marketing mantra for sheets . The higher the better , you 'll hear . But some sheet makers are boosting thread count simply by counting wrong . The right way to count is to add up all vertical and horizontal threads in a square inch of fabric . Two hundred is typical and perfectly fine ; 400 may provide a finer , softer sheet . Above 400 , the only difference is likely to be price . Many sheet makers are now counting plies -- very thin yarns that make up a thread . Hence your 1,000 thread count sheets are probably 400 thread count shees .
 I had older 500 thread count sheets that were better , lighter , smoother . These feel like 200 thread count sheets . Complete waste of money .
 These are the roughest sheets I have ever purchased . 1000 thread ? more like 10 ! I returned them after trying to get them to soften up in the wash and they had to be ironed .
 I really dislike this pitcher . It looked good when I bought it , but when you actually pour from this picther , you will likely end up making a mess on the counter or the floor . Something to do with the lip design I guess . The only way I can make this work is to pour VERY fast , and sometimes I just do n't want to do that . Would not purchase again .
 The pitcher is attractive , but I wish it were tempered glass . Also it is very heavy , and as I get older it gets harder to lift objects . I will keep it as a gift .
 This unit looked sleek on the store shelf and was reviewed well here so I was excited to get it , even though I really wanted a white microwave and it 's almost impossible to find this unit in anything other than black.When I took the unit out of the box , I noticed chipping on the door and stains on the unit , so I took it back and got a replacement . The replacement had the same `` chipping , '' which turns out to be an awkwardly designed door hinge , and I just decided to live with the apparent staining , even though cleaning just makes it worse . When you wipe the unit down , it dries unevenly , leaving it looking really old even when new.The buttons are not very sensitive , so the unit slides on the counter whenever you press a button , unless you put your other hand on the back of it . On the plus side , it is n't a particularly deep unit , so you get a lot of power for the space it takes up.At 1300 watts I expected faster cooking , but this unit does n't cook or heat things any faster than the tiny old Kitchen Maid unit it replaced , and that one did n't even have a carousel . Items are colder toward the inside than on the outside.On the plus side , the unit is easy to use and clean , but overall , it 's quite a disappointment .
 This review is for NN-S560WF which I had for 3 years.No complains but it stopped functioning recently . Panasonic authorized center wants $ 75 just to look at it . I am going to get a new one for this price . I have also tried to do home repair but this one does not come with a circuit diagram . High voltage generation is done by an electronic invertor assemblly which if goes bad is very difficult to repair . New invertor costs $ 150 !!! . Most other microwaves use conventional HV units and are repaired easily and parts are cheap.If you are looking for a microwave which lasts longer than this may not be the product for you .
 I thought this cookware was made in Europe -LRB- Amazon 's review says the enamelware is German -RRB- and because of that I could be comfortable that the enamelware was truly lead-free . That is , I thought I was purchasing cookware compliant with European lead standards -LRB- which truly require lead-free -RRB- rather than USA FDA standards allowing small amounts of leaching lead in cookware to be called `` lead-free . '' When the pan arrived , it was clearly marked `` Made in Indonesia . '' What a dissappointment for such an expensive piece . I have returned the item .
 I purchased this item -LRB- in black -RRB- from Amazon.com and was so disappointed that I ended up returning it . Kudos to Amazon . They paid for return shipping and even reimbursed me for additional packing materials I needed to buy . Now , on to the review.If you know a little about wine storage , you know that the ideal temperature for red wine storage is 55 degrees -LRB- Ideal drinking temperature is 60F -RRB- . This is important , because if like me , you are purchasing the fridge for red wine storage only , you need to know that only the top 2 shelves maintain this temperature . With the digital thermostat set to 55 , the mid and lower sections will drop an additional 10 degrees or more . Way too cool for red wine . So , immediately , your storage capacity is reduced from 60 bottles to say 12 -LRB- depending on bottle size -RRB- . In the end , I purchased a much smaller fridge , capacity 16 bottles . Because of its small size , it maintains almost the same temperature throughout -LRB- top to bottom -RRB- . When I need more storage , I will buy another small wine fridge . A slightly more expensive option is to buy a fridge with an interior fan -LRB- to circulate the air -RRB- , but these are hard to come by in this price range . If you are really serious about your wine , you 'll want humidity control -LRB- which this fridge does n't have -RRB- . 55-75 % humidity is ideal for wine storage as it prevents the corks from drying out and spoiling the contents.The next major problem with this fridge is the racking . I placed two bottles of wine on the top shelf . The bottles dropped through the racking , and came crashing to the bottom of the fridge . I 'm not sure what the interior is made of , but the impact of the bottles left two large dents in the floor of the fridge.Of the dozen or so wine fridges I 've looked at in the past few months , this has to be the worst.Richard McGrathhttp : / / www.richardmcgrath.com /
 I have owned 2 Vinotemp products that quit working properly within 18 months of purchase
 I bought one of these . It stopped working after about 18 months.Vinotemp would not recommend anyone for service . Called someone , who got the wrong part twice . Called someone else , he -LRB- I hope -RRB- figured out the right part . Vinotemp will not send part without signed and faxed papers . Part and shipping is under $ 30 . Vinotemp appears to me to be a rinky dink outfit whose stuff is hard to service .
 I purchased this item from Amazon.com and was so disappointed that I ended up returning it . Kudos to Amazon . They paid for return shipping and even reimbursed me for additional packing materials I needed to buy . Now , on to the review.If you know a little about wine storage , you know that the ideal temperature for red wine storage is 55 degrees -LRB- Ideal drinking temperature is 60F -RRB- . This is important , because if like me , you are purchasing the fridge for red wine storage only , you need to know that only the top 2 shelves maintain this temperature . With the digital thermostat set to 55 , the mid and lower sections will drop an additional 10 degrees or more . Way too cool for red wine . So , immediately , your storage capacity is reduced from 60 bottles to say 12 -LRB- depending on bottle size -RRB- . In the end , I purchased a much smaller fridge , capacity 16 bottles . Because of its small size , it maintains almost the same temperature throughout -LRB- top to bottom -RRB- . When I need more storage , I will buy another small wine fridge . A slightly more expensive option is to buy a fridge with an interior fan -LRB- to circulate the air -RRB- , but these are hard to come by in this price range . If you are really serious about your wine , you 'll want humidity control -LRB- which this fridge does n't have -RRB- . 55-75 % humidity is ideal for wine storage as it prevents the corks from drying out and spoiling the contents.The next major problem with this fridge is the racking . I placed two bottles of wine on the top shelf . The bottles dropped through the racking , and came crashing to the bottom of the fridge . I 'm not sure what the interior is made of , but the impact of the bottles left two large dents in the floor of the fridge.Of the dozen or so wine fridges I 've looked at in the past few months , this has to be the worst.Richard McGrathhttp : / / www.richardmcgrath.com /
 This thing worked fine for a couple of years -- then I came home to find 7 bottles of wine frozen solid ! No warning , no sign of any problems except a little bit louder noise from the compressor . Vinotemp literally laughed over the phone -- all they cared about was whether it was still under warranty . Absolutely no concern , no ownership of the problem . I 'll never buy another product from them and I recommend you do n't either . What idiot would build a wine cellar that even has the capability to freeze ? What a lousy product . I bought the damn thing to keep wine from going bad and now I have 7 bottles ruined for sure and 51 more that are probably not worth drinking.To the reviewer who `` disagreed '' with other reviewers who 'd described problems -- watch out ! I would have written the same thing last week . Now I know better .
 I must first say - we DID NOT purchase this from Amazon . We purchased from Costco and have yet to return it.Our cooler read `` LL '' yesterday and we did n't know what was going on ? I checked the Vinotemp manual - nothing . I checked the Vinotemp website - nothing . So I searched in Google and Yahoo for `` Vinotemp `` LL '' '' - and thank goodness the Amazaon reviews came up so I could start to learn about this problem.I immediately unplugged the unit . Checked it - it was 22 degrees at the bottom ! Thankfully our wine was not frozen yet . I 've yet to crack one to see if it 's ruined . If it is - there 'll be a lawsuit on Vinotemp 's hands . I 've got multiple magnums of Silver Oak at the bottom . And 80 's italian and ca pinot noir midway . So , over $ 3000.00 in wine stored here.I 'm going to `` buck up '' and purchase a reliable unit , with good reviews in the wine community.I 'd say DO NOT even buy this unit if you 're storing `` 3 Buck Chuck '' .
 I bought this in Aug 2005 from Costco . Tonight I found the dreaded `` LL '' and 6 bottles with the corks popped . Another 10 or so bottles frozen with the corks pushing out . The fact that it can tell it is getting too cold but will not do anything about it is ridiculous . I will be taking this back to Costco and they will be giving me a no questions asked refund . But who will pay for the lost bottles and the my time and effort to get it out of my basement bar up the stairs and to costco.I am going to Uline even if it is 3 times more expensive it is worth it .
 This unit , which I bought at Costco , also just froze all my bottles of wine . The display reads `` LL . '' It seems difficult to believe that they would even manufacture a product that can get down to those temperatures . I would strongly caution anyone from buying this unit !
 Do not buy any products made by Vinotemp ! My first unit BROKE within 3 weeks . The thermostat stopped working and the temperature rapidly dropped to 40 degrees . I returned it myself to the manufacturer and the employees were extremely rude ! After returning home with my replacement , I found this new one has a big dent in the top . Vinotemp has zero customer service and terrible , faulty products . Do yourself a big favor and do NOT buy a Vinotemp .
 Had the unit for 5 years ... and then as many other reviewers mentioned the unit started to drop to freezing temperatures - luckily none on our wine froze - When I called vinotemp they were less than helpful and said that it was probably a `` bad controller board '' and that I was on my own - they also said I 'd have to call an appliance company to service it - unfortunately I 2 other family members had purchased the same unit - hopefully they have better luck than we 've had - an abysmal product with abysmal support in my opinionEdit - Vinotemp higher in my opinion now . . Thanks to their tech/parts department . . I was able to get through after repeated attempts to a techthat was very helpful . He not only help me troubleshoot the problembut explained in great detail how to do the repair myself-The problem turned out to be a bad thermostat . I was able to fix the issue myself and the chiller has been working very well ever since.Hopefully , things will continue to be okay
 This is a very poorly made product . I had 40 bottles of good wine frozen together when the unit malfunctioned and dropped below the lowest setting . Would never consider another product from this manufacturer . From reading other reviews , this product failure does not seem rare .
 Unfortunately I purchased the stainless version of this item 10 months before it was to be used in a new house . It seemed to work fine , albeit fairly noisily , for 7 months , but then it stopped cooling altogether . Since I was out of warranty I had an appliance guy look at it who told me there was a faulty switch which caused the compressor to be turned on constantly , which eventually overloaded and fried it . He also said it would be too expensive to repair , more than it 's initial cost . Whatever ; all I know is that it only lasted 7 months . I have not yet attempted to contact Vinotemp , but based on other reviews I am not predicting success . I did buy it at Costco , and they sometimes will take all kinds of things back , we 'll see ... My next unit will not be a Vinotemp . I recommend going with companies with longer warranties .
 My unit functioned just fine for 9 months , but this week FROZE every bottle . Three had their corks completely ejected . Others have the cork sitll in and I am trying to find out if they are completely ruined as there were two hard to find 97 Shafer Hillside Selcts -LRB- $ 675/bottle -RRB- , one 97 PahlMeyer -LRB- $ 250 -RRB- and several expensive older Neuf du Papes including a Vieux Telegraph that 3was a very good year , until it was frozen solid ... . I estimate that this unit has cost me at least $ 2,000 in lost wine this week . DO NOT RISK GOOD WINE IN THIS COMPANY 'S FRIDGES .
 Bought this from Costco about five years ago . The price was right and the size was ok . It worked well for a while but like many other reviewers , we 've had problems with ours . First it stopped running and I was able to find information on the web -LRB- not from Vinotemp -RRB- on the part that might have failed . I replaced that part and it was ok for a while . In the last week it had been fairly loud with the compressor running constantly . Now I have the dreaded `` LL '' error . As another reviewer mentioned , it 's ridiculous that the controller detects the temperature is too cold but it does not turn off the compressor . It 's a poor quality product with no support .
 Ive had two of their products , both failed within 1 year or less -- no way to get service . BUY ANOTHER BRAND ------- All the bad reviews are correct .
 Purchased the Vinotemp VT-60 for storage of my expensive red wines . Plugged the unit in and could not get the temp setting to adjust to the desired tempeture . I noted that the display panel read `` LL '' . Could not find any info regarding this reading and could not get the unit to adjust . I stuck a $ 40.00 bottle of wine inside overnight . The next morning I found the bottle to be frozen to the touch . I checked reviews on the unit and found that other customers have had the same problems . Thank God I did not put my prized bottles in the unit . I am returning the unit first thing Monday morning . Caution when buying Vinotemp wine coolers .
 I thought this cookware was made in Europe -LRB- Amazon 's review says the enamelware is German -RRB- and because of that I could be comfortable that the enamelware was truly lead-free . That is , I thought I was purchasing cookware compliant with European lead standards -LRB- which truly require lead-free -RRB- rather than USA FDA standards allowing small amounts of leaching lead in cookware to be called `` lead-free . '' When the pan arrived , it was clearly marked `` Made in Indonesia . '' What a dissappointment for such an expensive piece . I have returned the item .
 I thought this cookware was made in Europe -LRB- Amazon 's review says the enamelware is German -RRB- and because of that I could be comfortable that the enamelware was truly lead-free . That is , I thought I was purchasing cookware compliant with European lead standards -LRB- which truly require lead-free -RRB- rather than USA FDA standards allowing small amounts of leaching lead in cookware to be called `` lead-free . '' When the pan arrived , it was clearly marked `` Made in Indonesia . '' What a dissappointment for such an expensive piece . I have returned the item .
 I received these sheets yesterday , washed them with fabric softner , and slept on them last night HORRIBLY . They were very stiff , stiff enough that I was freezing cold all night because they do n't conform to your body . And on the two occasions when I was warm there was no breathing ability with these and I immediately began to sweat . Plus they were very itchy , it was like sleeping under a insulated piece of sand paper . I 'm going to take them off and wash them SEVERAL more times today and see if this helps . If not I will never use them again !
 These sheets came out of the drier extremely wrinkled . I actually had to iron them afterwards . Save your money for something better.On the plus side , the fitted sheet is very deep . Most fitted sheets do n't fit my bed , however these were too loose .
 I bought this because of the five-star reviews . It comes with four recipes
 I bought this because of the five-star reviews . It comes with four recipes
 While this is advertised to be big enough for roasting a turkey , it is n't . Maybe a duck , maybe a big chicken , but not an average size turkey . When full of hot food it is extremely awkward to handle and it 's easy to spill the contents and hot grease all over oneself and the kitchen . For a lot less there are great roasters on the market . This is a monster to store between big cooking jobs and takes up most of the dishwasher when cleaning.A real quacker !
 I purchased a similar Chantal stainless steel saucepan less than five years ago , and I have a few other Chantal products . Overall , the cookware is of good quality , but it is way over-priced . PROS
 I purchasrd this product in Sept. of 2012 , and in less than four months later -LRB- in late Dec. of the same year -RRB- i notice the seam on the cover where plastic and fabric meet got separated , eventhough i was very , very careful every time i opened and closed the cover , and i used the cover maybe 3 or 4 times a week , the shalves seem to be solid but the cover is not good at all , would i buy it today ? probably not .
 This Bayou Classic cast iron bacon press is made in china and is very low quality . The paraffin wax coating is very difficult to remove . The handle is NOT stainless steel like the product features says , the handle is chrome plated and flakes off easily . This bacon press is very rough , poorly made junk .
 This toaster works perfect , the chaos is when you add cheese tou your sandwich , the cleaning process is terrible .
 If you want B and Decker CG41 4-in-1 as pictured , described , and commented on here , DO NOT ORDER THIS ITEM . The title , image , and description are for a different item than what you will receive.I contacted the seller/shipper , Books ... , and they advised the item they are offering is a sandwich maker only , The Everyday Chef Sandwich Maker , and is black and silver , not white.I do n't know how Amazon continues to make these kinds of errors . I find myself double-checking all the time to avoid receiving the wrong product and havng to return it . In today 's job market , you would think they could find someone to do their job properly .
 I have had this CD alarm clock for a little over 2 years and I HATE it ! This is the third one I have been through . I do n't know if it is because we have a lot of times when our electric goes out but every time I turn around something else is wrong with this product . When I first got it , it was a great product . But , now I do n't have any CD player , my alarms only buzz for ever and then only play radio even on Buzz , so I get confused . No matter what setting it is on now it is the radio I wake up to , which throws off my body as it got used to only hearing a Buzzing noise forever . I also hate the fact that the CD Alarm has been broke for about a year and a half . But I got so sick of returning these to find a good one I have just suffered . But , it makes me mad that I paid so much for a product that does work . I realize that CD Alarm clocks do n't have a great life span as my sisters also blew after only about 6 months . If you really want a CD alarm clock I would look for one with a great warranty . Other-wise if a regular one will work invest in a really great basic one .
 Do n't get me wrong . It looks nice , the radio sounds fine , but who in the world would design a clock radio that shows the radio station you 're tuned to NOT THE TIME ?!! It 's in my office and I listen to the radio , but I ca n't just glance up and see what time it is - no - that would be too easy . I have to turn the radio off so it will return to the time . Then I turn the radio back on so I can repeat the process ten minutes from now . The other reviewer gave a great list of other problems , but this was the one I found to be the worst . Audiovox - pull your head out !
 I had never used a grapefruit knife before so I was sort of expecting something nice but ended up being disappointed . It 's barely better than an ordinary steak knife . Leaves a good part of the pulp still on the rind.I thought it was going to be flexible enough to contour to the inside of the rind but it 's not .
 This knife was bended before I used it . You can tell from this that what kind of product that I got . Bad Quality !!! I do n't recommend it .
 This item was shipped to me months after I placed the order -LRB- though at the time of purchase Amazon showed that item was in stock -RRB- . The rotating holder was broken , so I requested a replacement . Guess what a month latter I received another damaged piece . I am now being told by customer service that they are not sure how long before this item is replaced !!! I would not suggest buying this item at AMAZON .
 When I first read the reviews , I thought this product is a good choice . Now I know it is so WRONG !!! Some of tools are either broken or defect . Particularly , the stainless steel items are rusty after you washed them.After I contacted the customer service , they promised me to send the replacements . It has been a month now and I have never received them . In order to get them , I tried to contact the company but it seems that they disregard me and my claim . So my suggestion is `` Do not buy it ! '' .
 This is not a review of the product , but of the reviewer named Humble . Do n't fall for trying to get a $ 500 Amazon gift card for free . There is no such thing as a free lunch . I tried to respond to the offers , and did actually find some I was interested in . You have to choose two from the Silver Level , two from the Gold Level and two from the Platinum Level . Well , guess what , nothing interested me at the Platinum Level . Two of them were for auto loans , which had to be approved and funded in order to get your `` free '' Amazon.com gift card . The third one was something about increasing your cash flow . I learned my lesson , never again will I try to respond to any offer for a `` free '' gift card .
 The sheets were very pretty when they arrived . However , after washing them for the first time I freaked ! I am a person that takes clothes out of the dryer before it stops to avoid wrinkles . These sheets were so badly wrinkled I actually had to iron them before puting them on the bed . A great disappointment as I hate to iron !!!!!
 Everything about this fryer is a hassle . It gets progressively hotter and hotter and is too hot for most foods , you will have to learn when to pull the plug and plug it back in as you cook to get the right temperature , I have never been able to fry battered chicken as it burns way before it cooks the chicken , basically if its not potatoes then its too hot and needs to be unplugged . You will eventually melt the stupid plastic lid , either by putting it on before it cools off enough or plugging it in without paying attention to the lid , once it melts then thats it for your lid . Not having a basket prevents you from salting right after pulling from the oil and having it adhere to the food , it takes too long to scoop everything out and the salt just doesnt get `` sucked in '' like it would if you salted it seconds after like they do in the restaurants.But the worst thing by far is how hard it is to clean . Dumping the oil causes it to dribble down the side since theres no pouring lip and cleaning off cold oil is one of the hardest things to clean . You have to use both hands to dump it because its hot oil and theres no handle , then cleaning it is a pain because you have to be careful water doesnt get on the electronics . After awhile the outside becomes gross and grimey.The only thing it has going for it over normal fryers is being able to put it in the fridge . Do yourself a favor and spend another $ 15 for a fryer with temperature controls and removable oil bin -LRB- and basket -RRB- , $ 15 savings is not worth the cleaning hassle this thing brings .
 ... I still recommend a fryer with adjustable settings to avoid overcooking , a wire basket that is convenient . Other products with lower price has the above additonal features .
 liked the compact design ... but not having a temp gauge can be a real problem .
 I purchased this product a little while ago . When it broke , it broke in the most dangerous way imaginable . Suddenly the thermostat stopped cutting off the heating element . The oil -LRB- fresh vegetable oil -RRB- continued to heat -LRB- well beyond the smoking point -RRB- and ended up popping and exploding all over my kitchen . The room was so dangerous to enter that I had to cut off the circuit breaker to my entire kitchen in order to stop the nightmare . Presto 's only solution was for ME to pay the shipping to send the product back to them and they may or may not be able to help me . Are you kidding me ?!? They 're lucky I was 15 feet away at the time and did n't get injured or they 'd have a lawsuit on their hands . Please beware of the dangers associated with this product . Consider buying one with a lid or splatter screen instead .
 No basket to pull out fried food , no temp control , no frills . Spend the extra money and get something you will like , unless you fry once or twice a year .
 As soon as i got this item , i tried to cook . But , i was kind of disappointed with it.First of all , oil is too hot . i knew that there is no temperature control . However , i just expected it 'd keep proper temperature while frying something . Even the food i fried burned too much even though it took less than 3minutes to fry.Secondly , the exterior is too hot . Just Watch it out ~ ~ !! lastly , the spatula it came with is useless . Unlike picture on the box , it is made by plastic . Since oil is too hot , plastic spatula might cause be harmful substances .
 I used the proper amount of oil but it still bubbled over . I made calamari rings and at first it seemed to be fine . After the first batch however it started bubbling up and I had to quickly spoon out the bubbling oil to keep it from making a huge mess on my counter . It gets scary hot in seconds which I like but the bubbling over not so much . I know water can cause bubbling and steam so I dried the squid before I dipped it in the batter . Unfortunately I threw out the box . I would 've returned it .
 It will fry , but : you have find a lid to cover itthere is nothing that will tell you that you 're ready to frythe bottom gets very hot
 Worst product I ever bought , also the most dangerous . I have three small children and this is not something you want sitting on your countertop without a lid . Brought it home and used it to deep fry mozzarella sticks and my whole house smelled like a greasy restaurant kitchen for 2 days . The body gets VERY hot , due to no insulation , takes forever to cool down , and it comes with a puny little slotted spoon to get your food out , where the food falls off as you 're lifting it and plops back into the fryer and splashes oil all over . The worst $ 15.00 -LRB- Walmart -RRB- I ever spent . Brought it back the next day
 This deep fryer is a basic deep fryer for college people or people that just got married , its not good for families with very young children or elderly because of splatter all over the place and its hot and no basket , this is only good for simple things like chicken nuggets , chicken tenders and fries and onion rings and something small to fry up.I have asked a family member to get me a deep fryer for Christmas and they got me this and we are both disapointed on this deep fryer , yes it does the job well done and the chicken we had in it was great tasting but , my husband had to defrost the chicken because when you put frozen chicken in this it went all over the place , the last deep fryer we had had a lid and handle on it and it was more safer then this.Again if you have small children in the house or your elderly and also disabled you should avoid this deep fryer and get a better one just a heads up .
 The second time I used it > just quit heating I E-mailed presto Three weeks agoThey said send it back witch cost me $ 10.00 ups . Have n't heard from them since.A copy of their reply ... Shipping ` prepaid ' means you pay for the shipping to us.We have a one-year warranty on our products . You may return theproduct tous for inspection/repair/replacement . We recommend shipping the unit either UPS or insured parcel post . Sendtheunit to
 This thing need a thermostat and a knob to control the temperature . Everything I throw in there from fried chicken to tempura turns into a dark brown / black color.Please look elsewhere for a fryer I 'm stuck with mine .
 We ordered this to use to make french fries now and then . It arrived quickly , with no manual inside -LRB- original packaging ordered directly from Amazon -RRB- . We figured we just plug it in and get frying ... I plugged it in and poured the oil in and started working on the rest of dinner . I have small children so I thought I should probably move the fryer further in on the counter , so I pushed it with my thumb and forefinger ... Two 2nd degree burns and a trip to the emergency room later , this thing is going in the trash!How could a name brand fryer not have a warning that the black matte finish on the outside of the unit gets as hot as the inside ?!?!? I just assumed -LRB- wrongly , I know -RRB- that the sides were insulated and that as long as I was careful not to splash the oil , I 'd be fine.I 'm shocked .
 Who ever heard of ordering a deep fryer , and it did n't come with a basket?Ordered this for my mother trying to replace a FryBaby . It 's not at all clear in the product description that you have to separately order a basket.I 'm wondering if all of these fryers come without a basket . It should be disclosed .
 Purchased this fryer to make donuts . Discovered it did not have a temperature gauge and when frying donuts , it burned them on the outside and they were totally raw on the inside . Total waste of dough and oil . Returned to store as ca n't imagine what one could use this for . When it comes to frying , Mommy knows best , ... not Daddy .
 it was a lot smller than i thought it would be but it cooks very small batches of food it would be perfect for a couple or a single person not a big family .
 The shiny part of the lower part of the fryer is metal . When you plug in the cord , that part becomes extremely hot . And because it 's an external part , any unsuspecting hands will burn . Very Very unsafe product .
 Since there is no temperature adjustment the oil got too hot and scorched the batter while leaving the food undercooked . There is also no power button so when you unplug it from the wall it sparks . Took it back . It was easy to clean , though .
 The temperature control on this item was either faulty , or non-existant . Food got really brown on the outside and was hardly cooked on the inside . I do not recommend this product at all .
 Product is made ok but is smaller than I expected . You ca n't cook too much at once .
 The cord attachment has short prongs and the cord is held against them by a magnet in the plug . This makes a loose and dangerous connection likely to spark . The plug is easily knocked loose . I do n't suppose that this would meet any safety standards . The cord is too short and if you put any tension on it trying to reach a wall plug , the magnetic plug comes loose . Since magnets are weakened by heat , as the unit is used more the connection will become looser . For the moment though , it works OK is a convenient little deep fryer , but the cord attachment needs to be changed ! So I would up grade my star rating , but the editor wo n't let me . Read both good and bad reviews before buying this product .
 this is a clumbsy product . The power cord does not snap into place , it is held in place by a magnet connection . It falls out of contact with the slightest movement or shaking of the cord . The heat shuts off and whatever you 're cooking , stops cookig . I do n't recommend this product to anyone.It takes forever to heat up . Once heated properly , it cooks OK.There are much better fryers on the market , this is not a good one .
 We had a series of light snows . I guess the post office could n't get their feet wet . They sent it back as undeliverable . Thanks Mr. Postal .
 I owned one of these for years and never thought twice about it , until a few weeks ago when our power went out . Several hours later after the oil cooled I put the lid on , and of my own admission , did not think to unplug the fryer . Several more hours later , after the power came back on , I woke up to a strange oily smell , went downstairs and found that the fryer had turned back on , heated the oil and MELTED the lid ! Talk about a fire hazard . The thing has no OFF switch ... if it 's plugged in ... it 's on . The next morning it went right in the trash .
 I tried this the first night that I received it . I was very excited-even though were not to eat fried foods . But the first night , after pluged in and oil getting hot . The electric fryer died . . I returned it the next day . Very disapointed ... Decided not to get another deep fryer
 I ordered this item as a Christmas gift in November . It sat unopened until Christmas morning when my daughter discovered that it was dented beyond use . Fortunately I saved the packing slip and she graciously said that she would take care of handling the problem . She said that she expected excellent service and I hope that she is right . All other orders placed have always come in pristine condition .
 i used it and it popped oil all over my face now my face is crispy
 This was the big present for the foreign exchange student staying with us . He is taking a cooking class and lamenting the lack of a fryer in the house to make his native dishes . But he brought in the packages today and this box has nothing but huge advertizements all over it . So he knows exactly what his present is . There is no way to make this a surprise gift for anyone in your house . I am so angry and disappointed . We knew he would be expecting a sweater or something and to be totally surprised on Christmas morning . I would return it but that would be a problem now too . We have no good options . Do n't have it sent to your house .
 Nice idea but does not get hot enough . By my fry thermometer it tops out at 290 degrees F . This is to low for proper frying , sorry .
 Recently bought the Fry Daddy and the oil was too hot because there is no temperature control . The oil splattered everywhere !!! I literally had to hold up a pot cover as a shield as my sister dropped in the food . Also the little spatula it came with is useless .
 Use the product within the 30days from when Amazon delivers because I did not and when I finally used it about 45 days after I got it , the fryer did not heat up properly . I have contacted Presto directly -LRB- after Amazon told me I was out of luck with them taking it back or replacing it -RRB- and sending it to Presto may end up costing me more to fix it than I paid for it . Very unhappy with Amazon not being more helpful since I have purchased 100 's of items from them but in their defense I did wait longer than their return policy to find out it was defective .
 The fryer is very small , so as you cook subsequent batches , the previous batches gets cold . It 's very basic
 On first use this unit heated oil to 400F . During cooking it never dropped below 380F . Because it was so high , I checked with two thermometers.My Chicken Fried Steak came out a mahogany color , and the crust had a definite burnt flavor . The frying oil was burnt , not reusable , and oil is not cheap.Most authoritative cookbooks recommend 320 to 365F for deep frying . The highest smoke point of readily available shortening is around 350-360F , Crisco recommends not to exceed 365F , only canola and peanut oils are above 400F . I would put the ideal temperature at no more than 350F , 50F less than this fryer.Presto Customer Service said I should only use canonla oil -LRB- contrary to the enclosed instructions -RRB- and if that was not satisfactory , I should return the unit.I was disappointed and surprised after good reviews .
 It is a lot smaller than I expected it to be.I have to do double or triple batches of food.It is only good for one serving .
 This is a terrible fryer for just about anything . Without a lid , splatter screen or basket , it makes a mess of both the kitchen and your food .
 I was so excited to get this tea pot . I got it out of the package washed it according to directions and filled it with water to boil . much to my suprise I lifted the lid while it was on the burner and some of the enamel coating came off in my hand ! Im trying to figure out how to get my money back , definately not worth the 20.00
 After throwing away a different model of pizzelle maker -LRB- the batter began to stick to the maker and none of the suggestions in the instruction booklet worked -RRB- I purchased this model after a careful review of all pizzelle makers available . I was very pleased with it overall . I did wish that it had a timer as other models have . You have to really watch it to make sure they do not overcook . Nonetheless , overall I was happy with it . I just mixed up a double batch of batter only to discover that the pizzelle maker is broken . It worked fine the last time I used it . I bought the machine about 4 months ago and this is only about the 5th time I have used it . For reasons unknown the upper side of the iron will not heat up . I ended up with batter stuck to the top and only the bottom side browned . No amount of trouble shooting made any difference . Another one for the trash and what am I to do with enough batter to make 400 pizzelles ? My family loves pizzelles but I am truly hesitant to buy a 3rd machine . Both machines I bought from Amazon . This is getting expensive .
 After very carefully making the basic recipe and trying repeatedly , we are convinced this machine makes pizzelles too thin for ... anything . They ca n't hardly be removed from the press . The lack of a cooking surface border for squeezed-out batter also makes this a very messy machine .
 I was very disappointed with they way this iron worked . I had an old pizzelle iron which was cast iron and did a beautiful job . Now all I can find is the nonstick ones . The temperature is very uneven and the cookies are not as uniform or as pretty as the ones I used to make . It was not worth the money . I 'm going to look at flea markets in hopes of finding an old cast iron one .
 Nice mug , and good color , but chips very easily . Has chips all around the upper edge , and I am not rough . Today , my mug fell apart when full of hot coffee without warning . I had scalding hot coffee all over myself . The handle simple separated from the mug . No warning at all . VERY UNSAFE . NOT RECOMMENDED .
 This is a cheap product that is very easy to chip . After taking a sip or a drink from it , do not set it down on a wood surface . It will leave a ring of tea , coffee , or whatever you drank because it has a poorly designed lip . It is a waste of money . I would not buy any product with this brand name again .
 My husband asked me what I wanted for Christmas . I thought to you myself , `` You know I 've always wanted one of those electric kettles . '' So of course my dear love got me this kettle because I read the reviews and decided this would be the best one if he were to get me one . He did n't want to disappoint me . Well , I was so excited to get this baby and fire it up . It worked great the first couple of times but then it would n't shut off after I had poured out the water and sat it back down on the base . Then I noticed this nasty burning plastic smell everytime I used it . The smell and the taste stayed with the water to make a lousy cup of tea . The smell and taste of the burning plastic in the water tells me heat and plastic do not go together well . Gee , what kind of neat chemicals am I drinking ? Well , if I get another electric kettle it wo n't be plastic and it sure wo n't be T-fal .
 I would not recommend the T-Fal kettle . It just stopped working after less than a year . It was only being used a couple of times a day , and treated with care . Waste of money .
 Good old Amazon touts 2-3 days to ship this item I ordered on 09/20/03 . B.S. ! Received email requesting a delay in shipment until late October.Whatever happened to inventory control?Books at Amazon , maybe , but not appliances , tools , etc. .
 cranked it up and froze my beans off , had a -5 degree bag and was still so cold i barley got any sleep .
 Purchased this Blackcat specifically because it appeared to be the older , non plastic style and paid a bit of a premium over the new version . When it arrived I realized it was in fact the new version . Picture is incorrect . By the Blackcat cheaper from another reseller .
 Bought this to keep warm ice fishing . Not enough btu 's . Great for a small tent or a camping trip just to keep the chill out . I have a 6X6 tent and on a 20 * day or less , it 's not enough . If you are looking to stay warm in cold situations , buy something else . Over priced product .
 This product is actually 3.8 &#34; tall and 1.6 &#34; diameter . Not even close to those listed in description . Otherwise works ok .
 This kettle does n't whistle ; it 's more like a loud wail!Also ; it 's impossible to pour a cup of coffee or tea without dripping alongside the cup !
 This thing leaked bad the first time I used it ! Really , I have never received such a low quality item ... I did n't bother to report the problem , as I knew it would be to much trouble to get a replacement.BUT I would like to have one ...
 Up until yesterday , this was the best little coffee percolator ever ! Then I went to make my coffee as usual and plugged it in ... but no coffee ! It did n't even heat up the water ! Looks like you really do get what you pay for : - -LRB- I still like using a percolator as they make superior coffee but next time , I 'll invest the $ $ $ for a good one !
 Initially I was pleased with the product until it just stopped working about a week and a half later . I have returned the product for a refund .
 You get what you pay for , cheap is not always better . Using the product to heat water the percolator feature brews coffee about as good as cold water .
 This was too small for me . Only made about 2 big mugs of coffee at one time .
 the percolators i have experienced in the past was nothing like this one it has made my clean up more then ever before do n't like it at all !
 The clock arrived and looked fantastic . However , to open the clock face to gain access to the winding mechanism you have to push a button on the outside of the clock . Upon receipt , the push button was loose and floating inside the space formed by the glass cover and clock face.It should have been fastened on the outside to the clock body be a nut -LRB- push button is threaded -RRB- but nut was no where to be found . Push button had to be placed in the space where it was found since if the retaining nut had come loose in some manner , the push button would have fallen outside of the clock body.Aside from the above , the clock bell and winding mechanism was totally bound and jammed !! Appears to have been a used clock !!!! Needless to say I am returning this one but will order another when return process is complete.The above comments were discussed with Weems and Plath personnel.UPDATE AS OF 9/27/2010Replacement clock received and is working fine !! Return process for defective clock went easily and the price of the clock dropped $ 30 during the return period . Clock looks absolutely gorgeous . Ships bell is loud enough to be heard with the TV playing next to it . If I could , I would change the rating to 5 stars.A few things to note :1 . Other reviews have critized the loudness of the bell chime . These have all related to the quartz driven models . And W&P ; is quite upfront on their website stating the bell chime on the quartz driven clock is very low . in comparison , the chime on the mechanical driven model is fine in my humble opinion .2 . Other reviewers have critized the Hermlee mechanism . Hermlee , a German manufacturer , has been around for many years and makes clock mechanisms for many many clock manufacturers . I believe they have a plant in Virginia also . They have a very good reputation .3 . Lastly , and most importantly , the clock is shipped fully wound . There is no statement to thie affect in the instructions !! If you attempt to wind the clock when you receive it , you will jam the mechanism !!!!! Just remove the plastic pin restraining the minute hand and wait 5 minutes to see if the minute hand moves . There is no ticking noise . This is the quietest mechanical clock i have ever heard ! 4 . W&P ; personnel are very helpful . Dial the number stated on their website if you do have a problem and you will talk to a live person in Annapolis-not Asia!UPDATE sEPTEMBER 2011Well it now is September 2011 ! The clock must have been operational for at least three weeks over the past year . Returned to Weems and Plath since when it chimes-it keeps on chiming !!! They had it for six weeks , but these people are good !!!!!! You call , leave a messagew and within one hour they call you back . Seems the clock was dropped and can not be brought back to specifications , so they replaced the whole mechanism !! UPS-who knows ! But if I were you , stay away from this seller !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 3
 We purchased the 10 '' mattress and gave it a couple of days to fill out . At best , it expanded to 9.25 '' . Within 30 days , the nominal thickness is just a shade over 8 '' . The whole thing is ridiculous ; there is a significant ridge in the center of the mattress between my sleeping position and my wife 's . $ 600 worth of Chinese junk .
 This silverware was fine until the knives all developed significant rust spots when they came out of the dishwasher after two months of ordinary use . The return window is ONE month . Do not waste your money on this set of utensils - there 's nothing ` stainless steel ' about them and Amazon will not help you . I 'm not about to let my family ingest rust so these are useless . What a rip-off .
 This ironing board promised to be just what the doctor -LRB- in this case the academy -RRB- ordered . It was lightweight , compact and easily stored.It also broke in half on the first effort at ironing a pair of dress white pants . The front end is so weak , probably due to the 1/4 inch press wood construction , that with very little pressure and no effort , the poorly supported ironing surface just simply could not withstand the normal pressure of ironing.They now carry them at the exchange and I am putting forth my best effort to try to dissuade the cadets at the academy regarding this product .
 I have been a loyal Amazon.com customer literally since inception when they only sold books . I shudder to think at the amount of money I 've spent over the years . I 've bought many amazing things and many stupid things - impulse buys I 'm sure we 're all familiar with . For most of them I laugh it off and try not to think about the wasted money . And even though this ironing board cost less than a DVD ... I am compelled to write a rare review.This might be the worst money I 've ever spent , anywhere.I read the reviews about the warping tip and figured , meh , I 'll just iron lightly . And though it does bend , I can deal with it . I 'm pretty low maintenance . Unfortunately , I also shrugged off the two reviews that warned of a chemical stench coming off this sucker that sticks to your clothes . Do so at your own peril.I emptied half a bottle of Fabreeze onto it and have left it outside on my patio to air out for literally a month . It still reeks . It 's like that episode of Seinfeld with BBO - beyond body odor - it 's almost an entity destroying the lives of everyone in its path . At least Axe body spray sales will go up as long as I 'm too lazy to drive to a retail store and pick up a standard ironing board.Huge potential with this little guy . But probably murdering me with toxins . Seek alternatives .
 I used this little board once for about an hour . By the end of that time the unsupported front end was bent almost to the tabletop . The back end where the iron rests was almost as bad . I used its predecessor -LRB- of unknown brand but the same design -RRB- for 20 years before it literally disintegrated . This Polder is so poorly made and flimsy it 's ready for the landfill after its first use . Academy Bob hit the nail on the head .
 Great ironing board for use every once in a blue moon but will not withstand the test of time . The top gets stained and changes color easily after the first few irons , just from the steamed water coming out of my iron . . I had to resurface the entire top to another material which cost a few dollars so all in all , I would not buy this one again . I would opt to spend a few more bucks for better quality .
 Nice and compacted , but the board is not very durable . After a couple of pieces of clothing , this product became so warped , it is unusable . I guess the thinly pressed board is easily affected by the steam and heat from my iron .
 Poorly made and does n't serve its purpose . The first one i ordered came cracked in two and i had a lot of hassle returning it . The second one is thin , bends ominously if you apply any pressure to the iron and collapses if you iron the wrong direction on it . Save your money and buy a nicer one that will last for more that one load of laundry .
 I only use an ironing board a few times a month so it seemed silly to get a full sized one . This one , however , is n't useful to me . When I iron I like to &#34; press &#34; down with at least a little weight/pressure and this board always overly flexes when I do this . I 've reverted to using a towel/whatever on top of my tiled floor when I iron : - -LRB-
 Shipping was really fast thanks to amazon prime.The actual board is made of very cheap compressed wood . After using it once to iron a couple of shirts the wood warped to a slight `` C '' shape . I would n't recommend this product to anyone . Spend the extra money and get yourself a good board .
 I bought this on amazon along with a Panasonic Iron.When I received it , it was well packaged and looked new . But when I used it , the board had a horrible smell , which stuck to anything I ironed over.Probably the inside foam is filled with garbage . I have now discarded the boardand purchased a new one .
 I would rate average for its stand but the clothing material on it is below average .
 Cheap `` Made in China '' product , very roughly made . Though 10 $ price is cheap , I swear in China 10 $ can buy five of this thing !
 After a couple of months , this thing started developing a downward dip right in the middle . Now it 's almost unusable , although I keep applying steam to it and trying to straighten it out . Also , the iron holder should be vertical , the way it is it just encourages water to run all over the table . By the way , I saw it for about half price at Big Lots , they also had full size ones , but I figured why buy one of those , just more to lug to the trash .
 This board arrived at my home for a few days , I still can not use it because of its smell . I want to clean it before I iron anything on it , but it seems the cover can not be removed . So I leave it in a room and is now waiting for the smell to go itself ...
 This board is crap ! I did n't expect all that much for the money it cost , but it has shortcomings that make it unusable ! First it came missing one of the rubber feet of two that keep it from sliding off of you table surface and also protecting it from being scratched . I tried to call customer service at all possible times of the day and always get forwarded to a voicemail box that is full . The board itself is not flat . Where the unsupported section is , it is warped down . Also -- it did n't occur to me while purchasing it , but you ca n't hang pants , shirts , etc. over while ironing naturally because they will rest on whatever your surface may be -LRB- bed , table , etc. -RRB- . So the shirt/pants get bunched up and causes wrinkles rather than hanging freely . It only gets the two stars because of the cheap price , small footprint , and easy hidability while not in use .
 The extendable iron holder is fairly cheap and you risk flipping the board due to the weight of the iron . And the fabric covering is way cheap and has an awful chemical smell that transfers to clothes .
 I bought this board from polder because I had one for years without an issue ; the board was perfect for small spaces . This board however warps at both ends once the board heats up while ironing making it more difficult to iron . I should have returned it but did n't because it was inexpensive . Now I have to buy something else .
 lightweight and the board warps at the ends ; very flimsy . The pad is great , needs a thicker board for stability .
 We received the box containing the ironing board - the box was pristine on the outside and inside . However , I ca n't say the same for the item . The two legs were severely bent - one to such a degree that it can not be straightened without breaking it . This item was damaged before it was placed in the box AND THAT IS OBVIOUS TO ANYONE who is not blind , drunk , or completely drugged out of it . What a rip off ! The only thing deluxe about this was the cardboard box it came in .
 Within a matter of days , rust began forming on the inside of the metal frame . Another Bodum French press I own does not have this problem which is why I ordered this second one .
 This is a perfectly nice roasting pan IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A 16 `` x 11 '' PAN . I ordered it based on the Product Details , which list the dimensions as 20 x 12.3 x 4 inches . After receiving it , it looked a little small , so I measured it and it was 16 '' x 11 '' ; not the larger size listed . The pan arrived brand new , but the box was taped up as if someone else had returned it also . I called Amazon and was told they would remove the product from their website until they could verify the measurements . This has not happened and it has been over 3 weeks since I returned the item . Amazon did not send me an incorrect item ; what is incorrect are the dimensions listed on their website for this product .
 Does what it is supposed to , but NOT for long term use . Bends fairly easily , somewhat difficult to use .
 this product is not the original GI can opener , it is very weak and flimsy .
 Namb&eacute; 11-inch Wine SlingWe ordered two -LRB- 2 -RRB- as Christmas gifts for a couple of daughters . By the time Amazon got done we had recieved four -LRB- 4 -RRB- and been over charged for the duplicate order . The return service only credited us the product cost . I will not order from Amazon again . Respectfully , Richard C. Smith
 I bought this product prior to Officer Candidate School 3 years ago . It worked great though over time -LRB- 6 months -RRB- the hinges began to wear . Eventually they broke and the lid would no longer stay shut and it had to be replaced . In future I will purchase a soap holder with a slide on top and not one that is hinged -LRB- of course , my dad bought a hinged design exactly like this one back in the 1970s when he was a junior officer and it still works to this day -RRB- .
 I purchased this item at a local retailer , and returned it the next day after taking it out of the package it came in . The plastic is thin and flimsy , the hinges are very weak , and on top of all this the plastic is n't recyclable . For me there 's not a single redeeming feature about this particular soap holder . I knew I 'd be throwing it away in no time.If you 're looking for something durable look elsewhere .
 What a waste of money , I wanted the soap holder with a rope . I could have bought this trash at the dollar tree @ 3 / $ 1.00
 I have been purchasing each of the pieces for Dinosaurland toddler set , I have been disappointed with everything that comes in , this is just the latest . The drapes are thin and almost like a cheap bedsheet . As the other reviewer stated , valance does n't come with it . NOT WORTH THE MONEY !!
 I am 5 ' 6 '' and this chair is simply too tall . It does not lower as far as my previous chair . After just a few minutes , my neck and shoulder are in significant pain . I have to figure out how to raise not only my monitor but also the keyboard . I am opting for the cost and hassle of trying to adjust the other parts of my set up over the hassle and expense of trying to return the chair after putting it together.My desk is standard size but the keyboard tray is not adjustable . The arms of the chair wo n't go under the tray and even stacked on books the keyboard just is n't right . So after investing in an adjustable keyboard tray , removing the wooden one that comes with the desk and installing a new one , I hope to get a set up that works for me . Not happy .
 Usually ships in one to two months ? Seriously ? Why would anyone buy this ?
 I have just bought another heater this afternoon because this heater , Dragon DeLonghi is not giving me what I needed . I rate this 2 stars
 when I got this it did not work and it was smash on one side , I took the loss on it , because I did not pay much for it . It was not worse the effort to send it back .
 Do n't buy recondition stuff from Amazon because they do n't know what their selling . When I open the box I was shock to see how anybody will try to sell this , it had no wheels , stand or manual . I did n't bother pluging in the heater . It was dirty and smells like it been kept in a basement for years . What a disappointment from Amazon for them to offer this item .
 We initially were pleased with the quality and how well it fit our extra deep mattress . The terry top is very plush and adds an extra softness to the sheets . However we recently spilled orange juice on our bedding and washed the pad just in case it had gone through all layers of sheets . We followed the instructions on tag and washed/dried it separately on low/gentle heat . Horrible results ! The pad came out with holes , burn marks , and the elastic in the sides completely melted . If you need to wash it , I would do so by hand and hang dry . I had planned to do that until the tag said machine washing was fine . Manf . should update tag so others wo n't ruin an expensive item so easily .
 We bought this because of its simplicity and accuracy as a gift for aging parents , but we had to return it when it tilted too readily when they tried to step on and off of it . The scale is simply too unstable for someone who might struggle with balance .
 When I first recieved this scale I loved it . The reading was large and clear . It did not have the normal tendancy to require you to step on and off to get a reading rather than an error message . After 2 weeks it seemed you needed to step on and off a few times before getting a reading but even that I could live with . Now it does not work at all . I did not check to see if it was a battery problem or not but I have only had this 5 weeks .
 i found this scale to be very hard to read , even with the large dial , if you are n't right on one of the numerals , and very inaccurate . i just went to the doctor yesterday and found out that i weigh 7 lbs less than the taylor was telling me . if you get off and on several times you will see that it reads something different every time.i would n't buy this if i were you . i see there are good and bad reviews . too iffy in my estimation.amazon made me give it a star before it would accept my reveiw , otherwise i would n't even give it one . it 's useless to me .
 If you notice in the picture of this scale , the individual pound markings are hard to see . That is exactly how it is in real life . Because the lines are almost the same length , it is almost impossible to distinguish whether the reading is at , for example , 107 lbs. , 107.5 lbs . or 108 lbs . My glasses prescription gives me better than 20/20 vision and I ca n't see if I have lost or gained a pound with this scale .
 For the needle on this scale to point to zero , it must be turned to a 45-degree angle . So , if you can stand at a 45-degree angle , this is the scale for you .
 I purchased this scale based on the Taylor reputation and the large readable dial on the scale . My first impression upon opening the package was that it was light weight - not a good sign of something you are going to put all your weight on . I placed it on a thin throw rug -LRB- where I always placed my old scale -RRB- and it gave a very inaccurate rating of 120 lbs -LRB- I weigh 270 -RRB- . I then placed it on the hardwood floor and again I got a reading first at 120 , then 140 and then over 200 , then back to 120 , etc. . I figured it out that depending on what part of the scale my center of gravity fell , I got a different reading . The highest it read was 240 . At this point , I had my wife stand on the thing . It showed she weighed around 60 lbs and then she had the same kind of reading swings - none of them near her weight of 125 lbs.I rechecked the instruction to make sure I did everything correct - I thought just take it out of the box , place on firm surface , zero the meter , and stand on it . This is how all other scales worked . There 's was a little different - stand on , stand off , repeat several times , and then zero . I did this and repeated the same results as before . I took it back and got a refund.This product has a scale that goes to 300 lbs so I do n't think I was overstressing it -LRB- close but not quite -RRB- . The surface had a very flimsy feel , you could feel the metal flexing as you stepped on and shifted your weight - probably the reason for the wildly swinging readings . This unit is definitely junk and not worth the money you pay . `` You get what you pay for '' does n't even apply . I expected at least a consistent - if erroneous - reading while standing still on the scale . What I got was a needle on the dial dancing around like one on a stereo VU meter -LRB- my apologies and sympathies to those too young to know what that means - you missed some great quality equipment -RRB- .
 This scale gives a different reading every time you step on it - even if you step on and off within a matter of seconds . It can fluctuate up to 5lbs within minutes . When I weigh my children on it , it can be as much as 20 pounds off , telling me that my 7 year old weighs 20lbs . I use this scale on a flat hard floor . It is completely useless .
 This was the worst bathroom scale ever . The weight gauge can swing 5-10lbs in either direction by just stepping on and off the scale in succession . We sent it back and opted for a digital scale .
 Right out of the box the exterior paint started coming off , leaving unsightly holes all over.It is also rather noisy making a metallic noise every minute or so.Would not buy again .
 This is in no way a medium firmness pillow . I have had it a week and it is already flat , offering no support whatsoever . It 's as if they stuffed 1 pound of material in a 10 pound bag . You get the picture . Do n't waste your money .
 I wanted to return this item but did not read the fine print before ordering -- there is a 70 % RESTOCKING FEE , even though I did n't even open the package . This item took a very long time to receive . In the meantime , I saw many other similar products available locally at a fraction of the cost .
 Usually ships in one to two months ? Seriously ? Why would anyone buy this ?
 This is not hardwood , but rather covered , painted pressboard . Every single piece must be assembled . It was too much for this one person who has merely an odd assortment of tools . I feel I should have gotten more and had to work less for the price paid . As soon as customer service is open , I 'll be arranging the return .
 The good : Good price , large cushion , good height adjustment , `` air grid '' back means it keeps you coolerThe bad : For extensive work at the keyboard I prefer chairs that can tilt slightly forward . This chair does not move forward , in fact it 's forward-most position is ever so slightly reclined . Furthermore , the lumbar support provides insufficient.As a another reviewer stated , after a while -LRB- 4 + hours -RRB- the back cramps up and you find yourself shifting around the chair . For me this means pain in the middle to upper back regions .
 Other reviewers mentioned this chair has no back support and they were right . It 's really uncomfortable after a couple hours . If the back adjusted forward , it would be a great chair - very nice looking with quality materials . Its just not comfortable for long periods of time at the computer .
 I 've been sitting on this chair for a year now and my back has never felt worse . I bought a Mckensie D lumbar roll to compensate for the lack of back support , but with the way this chair is designed , no back support will EVER stay comfortably in place as the lower part of the back is not as wide as the top and slants down at an angle . I am 5 ' 11 '' and overweight and the butt `` cushion '' portion of this sad excuse for a chair is not long enough which results in my legs going numb .
 The curtains are satiny , they are very lightweight - those are true . The full product description says `` Each square piece measures 84 by 84 inches ... '' . The actual fact is , EACH panel measures 42 x 84 . I purchased 2 pair for my 90yr Grandmother , whom is very dissapointed at this time . Because of the very misleading description , I must now purchase 2 more pair because they are so scimpy .
 Stain marks on new cutains , water stains ! Plus a large white spot with no color . I washed them according to directions , and the stains still remained as did the large white spot . To me they look like a `` return '' and they `` resold them as is '' to me . It 's sad . Wo n't purchase again .
 Poor construction . When washed , the edges drew up . Fabric too shiny and looked cheap .
 Indeed , this kettle is very aesthetically pleasing , so much so that my wife wanted to exchange it for another one . Unfortunately , the whistler started to fail after only two months use . It certainly is not worth a potential fire in one 's kitchen to try and keep a tea kettle with a failed whistling capability .
 Doesnt add more humidity to air.Basicly maintains low humidty.Never really gets humidity higher than 40 percent.Better than nothing but not nearly as good as a console humidifier.Took a while to install myself but the directions are good .
 This humidifier made no difference in the humidity of a 2700 sq. ft. house w / good insulation and vapor barriers in 6 '' walls . E-mailed complaint to the company got no response . I have installed cheaper humidifiers that added much humidity to an older , draftier house . I would not recommend this unit . I will see if I can modify it so it adds some moisture to my dry house . I am afraid that I am just out a lot of money for a unit that does not put moisture into the air . As to quality -- the supplied flex duct is too flimsy to be useful-count on supplying your own . The motor quit after a short test run . The company replaced it w / no hassle . I see no reason why the unit should cost as much as it does . The quality is not better than units costing less than half .
 This humidifier is supposed to be mold free especially with the auto flush . The bottom line is that it is definitely not mold free . I installed it in a location that is very much out of the way based on the claim of mold free . I highly recommend that anyone who buys this , install it in a easily accessible location . This allows cleaning every 2-3 weeks which is probably what it needs along with the auto flush system . Bleach works very well in killing all of the mold.Since I have to clean anyway , I am going to use portable units that will be most effective in increasing humidity in the rooms that I am in .
 I installed this unit two years ago . The only reason I have n't replaced it is because I am punishing myself for spending so much money on such a useless product . No matter how difficult the installation and maintenance is for each person the bottom line is - This is the most useless humidifier I have ever owned . It runs for days and days to increase the humidity 6-8 % in a 1300 square foot house . How can this be saving energy if I lower the thermostat but the blower runs forever ? DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS!Checkout this Review :4 of 5 people found the following review helpful :1.0 out of 5 stars Useless , March 10 , 2007By Y. Shan `` Jennifer '' -LRB- New Jersey -RRB- - See all my reviews -LRB- REAL NAME -RRB- This review is from
 I installed it before winter came this year , now after 3 month of use during winter , I can say this one does not make any difference . I have a humidify meter at home , before Dec. it shows over 35 , starting from Dec , I kept the humidifier running 24 hours a day , the humidity level is below 20 all the time , now I stop using it and bought a regular humidifier used in my bedroom . What a waste a time and effort to install this , it took me and my husband a couple of hours and a trip to Homedepot .
 If you like to do constant maintenance , such as your retired . Then maybe this for you.I have had this model now for three winters . At the start of the second season the drive motor was seized . They did replace the motor for free , but it took six weeks to arrive . At the start of the third season the motor was frozen again . I took it apart , what did I have to lose , and got it to work . The float constantly gets stuck and leaks water all over.You must do the maintenace every month , I do n't have time for this , And I 'm a person that cleans the water heater yearly . Next season I 'm replacing it with a General or Aprilaire both of which I 've had and better luck and less work .
 I purchased this humidifier two years ago and need to replace the motor again . The motor is not sealed and moisure from the system with all of the calcium accumulates in the gear box , seizing the drive . Cheaper to use an April Air and replace the elements despite the hard water that we have . This time I will install a seal on the shaft and hope that the motor will last longer . I do have to say that it does humidify my 1800 sq. ft. loose house well and is easy to clean the minerals off of even after a hard michigan winter .
 I never actually installed this unit after I bought it and I 'll tell you why.After getting it out of the box , watching the install video online and then starting to put the unit together , I noticed that the connection where the disc assembly contacts the motor was different than in the video or the manual . In the manual and video , it had a gear on gear connection so you could just drop the discs in and take them out when you want to clean it . My connection was a male/female rod slide in connection . Examining further , I realized that the only way to assemble the unit was to attach the rotary discs to the motor before connecting the motor plate to the basin . This is a problem ... if i ever would have wanted to remove the plates to clean the basin , I would have had to disconnect the power connections , use a pliers to remove the motor plate and then slide everything out . I garauntee the motor plate tabs would break after doing this once or twice . I then tried to call technical support for the company to get clarity on how they expect maintenance to occur if they changed the design but found that the phone number was disconnected ! I checked the website and there are two different designs of motor , apparently they changed the design in Sept 08 to a new design -LRB- the one I have -RRB- but never updated any install instructions or provided any guidance for how to do maintenance with this new design . This did n't impress me . I took the unit back and bought a honeywell flow through .
 I ordered 420 thread count sheets . They are scratchy and uncomfortable . I am not happy with my purchase .
 I wish I had a chance to say how accurate the readings were . I wish I had a chance to say how clever the plastic shield on the readout worked . I wish I had a chance to put one single item on the scale to weigh . The scale was defective out of the box and the customer service at My Weigh is some of the worst I have ever had to deal with . They expect you to pay for all shipping cost for there defective merchandise with out even trying to solve the problem . Look elsewhere if you want a dependable scale .
 The image makes it look and sound like an all stainless steel scale , but it is not.Only the top is stainless , the rest is black plastic -LRB- not even the grey look in the image -RRB- . Scale works fine so far , I 'm keeping it.Amazon wants me to fill out a second report in order to investigate the complaint.They sent this review request a second time after I informed them of the problem.Amazon is making me do repetitive work and wasting my time.Order it , open it , feel the disappointment , move on .
 My Weigh does not support the warranty for their scales ... very disappointing . . I will not be buying another of this brand ,
 Money wasted . Did not work on arrival ! Tried new batteries . Nothing , no panel illumination . Got more fresh batteries . Still nothing .
 I was really looking forward to these grinders because of what I thought was an excellent design . No getting pepper on the table - great idea . We put them on our wedding registry - two , in white and black , for our salt and pepper . They are a little pricey for such a basic item , but what the heck.Problem is that they dont work well.Grinding sea salt is OK , although a lot of excess salt tends to build up on the lip of the grinder , generally letting loose all at once so its hard to control how much salt you actually put on your food.As a pepper grinder this product gets an `` F '' . It cant handle the pepper corns , often getting jammed . Unfortunately , this means that after six months , the plastic grinding mechanism has become stripped and mostly doesnt turn at all . In addition , the ceramic grinding surface has already begun to wear out.All I can say is `` beware '' . These might work OK for some softer spices , but they 've turned me from an enthusiastic buyer into a skeptic in a very short time.Revised
 I purchased this product for use as a spice grinder , as I have been making my own seasoning blends . The first time I used it went fairly well . although the opening used to fill the grinder is a bit inconvenient if you are adding smaller herbs or already-ground herbs for use in a blend -LRB- the opening is about the size of a quarter , and directly in the middle of the top/bottom -RRB- . Filling is complicated by the fact that the attractive design means that you can not place the grinder on a flat surface to fill it ; you must hold it in one hand while pouring the herbs to be ground with the other hand.The second time I used the grinder , I was making curry powder -LRB- one of the uses advertised on the packaging -RRB- . The curry recipe calls for 1 piece of cinnamon stick , 1.5 inches long . The stick was difficult to grind , as it had to fall into the bottom of the vase just right , otherwise it stuck horizontally above the grinding mechanism . Halfway through grinding the cinnamon , the grinder broke , with the grinding mechanism coming completely away from the main body.The grinder does come with a limited warranty -LRB- 25 years for the ceramic grinder , 2 years for the plastic body -RRB- , which I am currently pursuing , but for $ 30 I would have expected it to last more than two uses .
 I loved this pot until the `` Explosion '' . A few weeks ago while I was cooking with the lid on , stove not very high , I lifted the lid to stir the pot and the lid EXPLODED all was left was the handle and a spoiled sunday lunch . I was lucky that I did n't get injured , but I was very disappointed . I only handwash the pot so I do n't know what could have caused this . . So just beware ...
 My first use for this pot was a batch of chili . It cooked very well , using low heat , and the chili did n't stick . However ... every time I wanted to check and stir the chili , the pot spun around like no pot I have ever used . I had to keep a firm grip on one handle -LRB- using a double pot holder to keep from getting my hand burned -RRB- . My range is electric with a ceramic top . My husband was observing me and asked why the pot kept spinning like that . It should probably be used only on gas ranges , but that does n't help me any . The second problem I encountered was that the inside of the lid developed several dark stains which no amount of my cleaning could remove . The pot itself , however , cleaned very well .
 Photo looks very appealing . Upon using it for the first and only time , these issues crop up :1 . The bottom is not perfectly flat , so it does not sit flat on my radiant cooktop , and spins around . -LRB- This will not apply to a gas range or a ring-top range -RRB- .2 . The metal handles get as hot as the pan , so using a handle to hold it steady is not a bare-handed task . You need to keep a potholder handy , and if you are cooking more than one or two items , the potholder comes in the way , in addition to risking falling into another pot ! Wonder what they were thinking of to put metal handles ; the non-metal ones would have been so much more useful.I returned mine .
 Well . I have had this pot since 2003 and it 's one of those pans you do n't use much . The metal is so cheap and thin ... like the customers said . . it spun !! betcha ca n't do that with cast iron !!! I 'm a serious cook and I use pots and pans EVERYDAY . This one is not dependable . Cleanup is difficult , it really sticks . . everything that is and I noticed some rust as well ... Ahhhhhhhh . . what can I say . . There is a reason that I switched to good ol' cast iron . I do n't wan na change my pans every two years . . !!!!! Oh and the lid in this picture is differant than the one I received ??? Calphalon should stop selling cheap products like such . . UGH !!
 read the reviews of the yellow version . Decided to try them anyway since they are inexpensive . I can push them onto a standard closet pole , but they do n't move along the pole . The hanger hook measures 11/4 inch diameter - too small for standard closet .
 These hangers were a huge disappointment . The hook is to small to go over a standard closet rod and the plastic is rough .
 I own some of the Simply Calphalon pots and pans and they have been great . So , I was hoping that the bakeware would be just as good . I received the set for Christmas and have used 2 of the pieces , the muffin pan and the baking dish . Both times the items I have cooked have stuck to the pans . The baking dish stuck so bad that after soaking it for 3 days and using a dobie pad on it , the non stick finish came off.I am sadly dissapointed in these pieces and would not recommend these to anyone .
 OK , crap may be a bit too harsh but they have tried to pass this stuff off as good buy skinping on the nonstick coating and using overly heavy metal . I have had this set now for several months and the baking sheet has not been as nonstick as you 'd think . I have had to scrub it a bit with as nonabrasive a pad as I could . The nonstick coating has worn off in spots -- the same spots I always put cookies or biscuits . Assuming that I got a defective unit I have another complaint . These baking pieces have rolled edges that hold water and RUST . This is no defect but merely a poor design.Bottom line :1 . Great price2 . Too heavy3 . Poor nonstick coating4 . Edges hold water and rust .5 . I 'd have expected these to equal the quality of my other Calphalon cokware
 Supposedly these pans are dishwasher-safe , but everytime I take them out of the dishwasher , they drip orange-brown water all over the place . What happens is that water gets into the crevice/seam on the underside of the pan where the edges have been turned over . It 's not a tight seal , and since there 's no coating on inside , when the water gets in there , it rusts . And then when I take the pans out of the dishwasher , the rusty water drips out . The good news is that , since the rusting is on the bottom , it normally does n't get onto the food surface . However , I have found some hardened rusty water spots on the food surface before . Not to mention all the rusty water in my dishwasher and the drips on my floor . This is very annoying . I 've heard very good things about Calphalon . I would have expected better .
 I love my non-stick Calphalon cookware , so I thought it would be a good bet to get the bakeware . After all , such a nice look!WRONG MOVE ! Cookie sheet is a sure burn on the bottom , the surface is less than non-stick . I have found that the `` airbake '' items do a much better job and are less $ $ .
 This set looks great , but the first time I used the cookie sheet -LRB- at 400 degrees , with room-temp vegetables for roasting -RRB- , it warped in the oven . Loudly . It remained warped once it cooled . Truly annoying for a new pan to warp itself into uselessness on its first foray into my oven .
 Calphalon bakeware is really over-rated . I thought this heavy gauge bakeware would last sometime with minimal use however , the non-stick surface lasted through one dish washing before starting to peel off . I bought a 2.00 cookie sheet at the dollar store and it has far out performed the calphalon bakeware .
 I bought these about 1 and 1/2 years ago and have not had good success . I am sorely dissappointed.I have trouble with everything sticking to this stuff , I would not recommend buying this stuff . Even cookies stick !
 These pans are certainly not living up to the Calphalon name , everything sticks to them , and they are very difficult to get clean . Granted , they are not very expensive , but I would have paid more gladly to have better non-stick . Some reviewers say you need to hand wash them , but the item description clearly states `` Dishwasher-safe ; 10-year warranty '' Overall I would not buy them again .
 The muffin tin is ridiculously shallow.The cookie sheet is really a jellyroll pan.The contents of the box do n't match the description on the web site.Save your money . You get what you pay for.I returned it .
 These pans collect water in the folded rims and emit a rusty soupy solution.Ken
 I received this set as a gift and was initially pleased and impressed . After using the cookie sheet 3 times , the nonstick coating is eroding in spots . I had expected better from Calphalon .
 Having many other calphalon pieces and absolutlely loving them , I eagerly bought this because of the excellent price . What a complete waste . The coating in these pans comes off too easily , even when using plastic coated utensils and washing with care . Of course with each subsequent usage things would just stick even more . I tried to clean them -LRB- with just a sponge and gentle detergent as recommended -RRB- and those areas would lose even more of their non-stick surface . So in the end I just bought all of the same pans in the `` Not Simply '' line . Ahhh , what a relief . I do love the Calphalon quality , which is the only reason this got any stars at all .
 I was initially impressed with these out of the box , but after a few months I am disappointed . Food generally sticks to them every time you use them , particularly cheese . The non-stick coating has worn off in some areas , and I never put them in the dishwasher . When soaking them overnight to get the stuck-on food off , they develop ruststains on the cooking surfaces .
 I guess when they say `` stick and scratch resistant '' they mean that the pan resists being scratched by a stick ! Everything sticks to it so they must mean the other kind of stick from a tree !!
 It sticks on almost anything you cook . The handlers are poorly desinged . It burns your hands . If I bought it from a local store , I would return it immediately .
 I purchased this pan earlier this year , and yes , it does heat up rather efficiently using a lower setting . But everything I cooked in it stuck too well . The last time I used it , I was cooking green beans with a sweet soy sauce , and it burned . Could not scrub it out no matter how hard I tried , which turned out not to be a bad thing ... I could finally throw it out without feeling guilty . I got the hard-anodized 2-1/2 quart saucepan at the same time ... no sticking issues there . It cooks well and cleans up nicely , except for a few stains .
 I do not recall the last time this happened in my kitchen or even over a campfire - this pan burned to DEATH . Calphalon hard anodized aluminum appears to be uncleanable . Some surplus chops were accidentally left on an electric burner which was clicked to Low . Big black mess of oil and carbonized meat half an hour later.Nothing worked to clean it . The pan was still clinging to the black stuff after literal hours of scraping with wooden spoons , metal spoons , plastic scrubbies and plastic brushes . I eventually tried baking soda soaks , boiling water , soaking with detergents , boiling vinegar water . The pan was ruined . Finally , oven cleaner killed it outright . There 's a rough , light grey surface now , the anodized surface is gone , I guess -- and the burned bits STILL did not come off 100 % . -LRB- There was nothing left to try . -RRB- I have never had a simple burn turn a pan into an unfixable mess before.No more of this aluminum stuff . Even when new , this pan came with a few quality control problems but it browned meat so nicely , I was happy with it at the price . The price turned out to be WAY high when you consider its short life span . Alas , kitchens do experience burns once in a while . If we have to throw out pans just because of one burn , there 's a problem with the material , IMHO.I purchased a Lodge Logic pre-seasoned cast iron pan from Amazon.com and it browns as well as the Calphalon ever did . Cast iron is also bargain priced -LRB- as I agree the Calphalon is - when it 's working well -RRB- . I 'll buy more cast iron as I move away from Teflon . No more Calphalon .
 I know it will be less stick resistant . But i never know it has super stick tendency either . I cooked some egg in it with a low cooking temperature as the manual says . The whole egg sticked to the pan . It did n't go away until I soaked it for more than 30 minutes . I throwed the box away and there are still some eggs on the pan so I ca n't return it . If you look for a non stick pan , look somewher else . This the worst of the kind .
 I found out the hard way what `` Hard-Anodized '' means
 I thought that I 'd buy another Calphalon pan as I really enjoy a smaller pan that I have . This pan seems to stick on about everything that I have tried . I followed directions and lowered the heat to no avail . It is a very difficult pan to clean after things stick to it . I do n't know if it is because it was made in China or not , but the pan coating seems to be inferior . I wish that I had not bought it .
 I do n't want to buy a non-stick pan because based on the reviews I have read , I found even for $ 150 + non-stick pans , the non-stick coating would wear off within a couple of years and you end up eating them . And they require some careful everyday maintenance which my girlfriend never cares.The specifications on Amazon.com describe this pan is stick-resistant and has stay-cool handles , which were two main reasons why I bought it.However , I found neither of them . The pan is more sticky than a regular iron pan . The handles are very hot after cooking.I would n't recommend this to anyone even though it 's really cheap .
 I ordered one Calaphon 12 in everyday pan -- then got a replacement both were difective They had pin holes , dings and small scraches on the cooking surface . On the replacement pan I noticed they were made in China not Ohio . Both pans did not come in Calaphon boxes.A second replacement seemed pointless.It would have been an usefull pan if the expected Calaphon quality was there
 Bought it for my wife who is the chef in the family . I thought it was a non-stick pan for around $ 35 , but found out that it is not non-stick . She uses the non-stick Cuisinart pan and loves it . She has to add oil with this pan , so not nearly as happy with it.Just be aware that this is NOT a non-stick pan before you buy .
 I really do n't understand how other reviewers gave good reviews on this . I do n't know , maybe mine is a defective one . ??? All food stick to the pan and it is hard to clean . This pan may look good , but it is useless . I am going to return it .
 Very durable and seemingly well built pan . However , and a big however , is the stick issues with all proteins . Eggs , meat etc. you can forget about cooking in this pan . It will stick and is really a pain to clean . Frankly , I wish I would n't have bought the pan . It is not versatile enough to justify clogging up my cupboards . If you are a vegetarian or love scrubbing pans than this is the pan for you . Otherwise , I would look elsewhere .
 The design is not good . The two short hands get hot . I was not able to hold the pan with one handle while dishing out the food with the other . I was diappointed .
 The pan is beautiful . That I can say for it . But I 've used it twice now and both times food stuck to the pan . It was actually an effort to clean it . I followed the directions to cook at low heat . Perhaps I am expecting a bit much from it . But , at the suggested original price , I believe that I should expect a lot out of it . This is my first calphalon piece and until I can make this pan behave , I do n't plan to buy another !
 I do not like this item . I will keep it as an extra and because I got a good Amazon price . Food stick and hard to clean . Not a winner . So disappointed in this product .
 I do n't write reviews . But after buying this item , I thought I will write one and this is my first review . If you are looking for a non sticking pan , this is not a right one . I love to cook food , but this is very sticky and not a perfect for Indian style of cooking .
 After first use , it stained already . After the second use , I put it away . I would only use it when I am going to cook with liquid . I would not use it to make steak , pork chop , etc. -LRB- It was the original reason I got this pan . -RRB- I have several products of this brand , but this is the only one that I am speechless .
 I got this pan in 2003 , for $ 29.99 on amazon . I was surprised to see that they still have it in stock -LRB- it 's since been discontinued in favor of Calphalon One -RRB- given that it 's now 3 years later , and at the exact same price . I guess not many people like Calphalon hard anodized , otherwise at this price it should have sold out long ago . ** CONS ** This was my first Calphalon pan , and it will likely be my last . I just ca n't get the hang of cooking with it . It cooks very well with the lid on but I hate cooking any other way with it because the food inevitably sticks . No matter how low of a flame I put the pan on and heating the oil first and making sure the food is at room temperature etc. , it still sticks . Some reviewers claim that it 's supposed to stick and then it will release later at some magic moment `` right when it 's supposed to '' but for me , it just sticks and it rips a chunk out of my chicken which is n't very attractive when you serve it.As for all the `` clean up 's a breeze '' comments , in my experience that is true if you put the lid on and cook for a few hours on low heat , but everything sticks like crazy if you are cooking with the lid off . IMO it 's akin to cooking in a stainless steel pan -- it sticks a lot more than I want/need it to . The food does wash off with a bit of soaking , but after drying the pan I often notice there are weird stains on the pan which do not come off unless I use Bon Ami . I do n't like having food outlines on my pans because it makes me suspect that the pan 's not really clean . ** PROS ** The only thing I do like about the pan is the shape . The edges are low and sloped enough to be used like a saute pan or a griddle , but high enough that oil does n't spatter out all over and it can hold a good amount of liquid . The pan has a large surface area . The domed lid means you can fit something kind of high in and still cover the pan -- for example I could put two racks of babyback ribs in -LRB- each cut in half -RRB- . But all this does n't really make up for the hard anodized surface which I 've tried but just can not work with . ** bottom line ** If you 're buying this pan to do the sear-then-slow-cook-for-hours thing , it 's perfect for that . If you want to use it for stir fry 's and other regular stove top cooking , I hope you have better luck than I did . Or just forget it and buy something easier to use . I like my cast iron and Le Creuset ovens a WHOLE lot better for every conceivable purpose .
 I was so looking forward to using this pan that I received for Mother 's Day . I am a veteran cook , but I have succeeded in ruining breaded pork cutlets and my famous meatballs . I agree with a previous reviewer - food sticks to this pan with oil far worse than a non greased stainless pan . As suggested by another reviewer , I did not turn items until after a few minutes , however the entire breading of the cutlets adhered to the pan . My meatballs stuck to the pan in chunks . Maybe the quality of these pans vary , since mine is terrible . You will be taking a chance with this product or you need to be patient , willing to experiment , and not prone to hysteria when dinner is mangled .
 I needed this size pan and thought I would give it a try since it was a great price . I have never tried Calphalon . It is no where near the high quality as my Anolon pans . The food sticks leaving the inside discolored and it does not wash well . I wash all my pans by hand . I was not impressed at all and actually very disappointed because I thought the Calphalon name carried some weight . I consider myself a good cook and use my pans alot . I do n't think I will buy this name brand again .
 Did not perform as expected . Food kept sticking to the base of the pan . Inconvenient size . The lid does not invert into the pan for easy storage in a shelf . So nothing can be pilled upon it for storage in shelves . Returned this product .
 I have a couple other calphalon pans , I LOVE them . That 's why I ordered this one . I ca n't cook anything in this one without it sticking . It 's way worse than a stainless steel pan without a non stick surface . I do n't use it at all any more . It 's not even good enough to go into my camping cook box . Do n't but it .
 I bought five of these for Christmas presents . I was very disappointed when they arrived . They are no where NEAR the same quality as the Calphalon pots and pans I have previously purchased elsewhere . They are n't horrible , but closer to the value of the $ 28 price tag than the higher suggested retail value .
 I ordered this about three weeks ago when it was on sale . Since then , Amazon has sent me two Everyday Pans , each as replacements.The problem is a quality control issue , seemingly with Calphalon . Note if you are thinking of ordering this pan
 After several years I amend the review to reduce the rating because in all honesty I have only used this pot for a short while because it does not meet regular - practical needs . The other pots work better than this one . Truly SAVE YOUR MONEY . This pot hides at the back of my pot rack solely for decoration . My Calphalon collection is larger now and when I get a chance I will take the time and review ALL the pots and complimentary lids . But for right now DO N'T BUY THIS ONE !! It sticks and does not cook evenly . The deep fryer is much better for stir fry and I still love the frying pan combo . The deep fryer cost was very low when I bought it . The flip side to that big ole ' fryer is that chicken comes out perfecto . This everyday pot burns the chicken and the saute does n't come out as good as I would expect . That 's why it is n't used anymore -- why go backwards!LAST REVIEW years ago : This item is pretty decent . Our whole collection consists of Calphalon pots ... ordered from Amazon -LRB- this spot is the best kept secret for Calphalon buys -RRB- . I am not as impressed as I thought I would be . It does n't cook as well as the 10 '' / 12 '' combo skillet set -LRB- I think thats what they label it -RRB- . That combo price is great , AND I use those Everyday . I took the lid from another pot and use it to cover the 12 '' when I fry chicken . I also have another pot cover for the 10 '' for saute ' veggies . Half of the collection I have are non stick and the other are regular anodized . The pots chili pots , and stew pots -- 3 qt , 4qt & 5 qt hard anodized works well . However , this Everyday pot does not wear well . It is not as many would put it ... `` The first pot '' I grab to cook . As a matter of fact it is one of the last . The smaller anodized frying pan is HORRIFIC , but that is another review . Calphalon is the best thing for my kitchen so this pan is kind of disappointing .
 Great at first . Used it strictly according to directions -- always hand washed -LRB- even the lid -RRB- NEVER in the dishwasher . Within 3 mos . noticed things -LRB- like eggs -RRB- creeping to the center of the pan . Then I got my new ceramic topped stove -- the thing literally spins like a top . Of course this means only a fraction of the pan is in contact with the heat source . It 's only appropriate for oven use or on a campfire now . HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT !!
 What a dissapointment this pan turned out to be.After being delighted with the positive reviews I read , I could not wait to get the pan.Having used it for weeks now my enthusiasm has shrunk to zero.The most basic tasks are difficult to achieve.Meatballs stick to the pan and eggs don ; t release propperly.Though always cook on medium high heat as recommended it tends to stick . Placed a smaller pan inside of it while storing and it left white scratch marks.Conclusion , do not buy ! This is the bottom of satisfaction of any pan I have owned .
 Within a year of ownership , the finish did not scratch and peel like teflon style nonstick pans but , the `` nonstick '' factor disappeared , making most everything stick ! I still use the pan because I love the size , the shape , the handles on the sides , and the fact it is fully ovenproof , but I have to cook on lower heat , avoid starchy or sugary items -LRB- such as potatoes -RRB- that will easily stick to the bottom , and soak the pan each time scraping off the residue with a plastic tool.I recommend and prefer my Circulon 4qt pan -LRB- same design , great nonstick -RRB- , and my Cuisinart stainless steel pan -LRB- same style , all stainless steel -RRB- .
 I believe that Amazon should remove this item from its site . This item has more than 100 negative comments . In addition , Amazon should have negative five stars for poor merchandise like this piece of worthless metal . This is the worst pan I ever use . It sticks to all kind of food , ruins my meals and wastes my time preparing the food . I tossed it in the trash where it belongs .
 The pan is very versatile , however , when coking , food tends to stick to the pan more than I had anticipated . The cleanup process usually needs to soak the pan and use a non-abrasive pad .
 Like others I do n't understand why people like this thing so much . I got one as a gift a couple years ago and I 've used it a half-dozen times and now it sits in the back of my pantry . While it does heat evenly , everything sticks in an ungodly mess inside , even following directions for lower heat . Perhaps the newer ones have improved this somewhat but there are plenty of better products out there.If you really want even heating with good non-sticking properties get yourself a good -LRB- and cheap ! -RRB- cast iron pan . Stovetop to oven is no problem , and once seasoned it does not stick , even with eggs .
 I have just started cooking on a regular basis . The Hard-Anodized cookware -LRB- I also purchased a 9 piece set -RRB- looks cool and more importantly cooks evenly and true -LRB- they conduct heat really well -RRB- . The only thing is I ca n't get them clean , even after the first use . I hand washed them with a sponge and they look clean when they are wet . Then I dry them and they look like crap . The pans are smooth and clean , but they do n't look clean , there is a weired blochiness . The brochure says to use ajax to bring them back to new , but I do n't have the guts to try it . Also you have to be real carefull or everything will stick . I did n't return them , they work , but I would buy something else . -LRB- like calphalon one for three times the price ? -RRB-
 It 's a real pain to clean it up after I fried any food with soysauce or meat .
 I understand this is not a non-stick pan , but EVERYTHING sticks with this pan . Coat it with butter , heat up oil or shortening , let your food `` warm '' for 10 minutes before cooking -LRB- as the instructions indicate -RRB- , and it will still stick . One reviewer likes to do omelettes ??? On this there is no way they are n't scrambled eggs ... Stick to the Commercial Non-Stick - for an `` everyday '' pan , you need something that does n't take 10 minutes to clean .
 I want to preface this review by saying that I own several pieces of Calphalon cookware . Usually , performance is not an issue . It is with this pan . I echo the complaints of other reviewers . EVERYTHING sticks , from stirfry dishes to French toast . Experimentation with regulating temperature made no difference.However , Calphalon products do come with a lifetime warranty . Calphalon was more very helpful when contacted , and the company is in the process of sending a replacement.You can contact the company at 1-800-809-7267 . The mailing address for warranty returns is Calphalon Consumer Relations , 315 Matzinger Road , Building C , Toledo , OH 43612 .
 This is the first Calphalon pan I have purchased . After hearing how wonderful Calphalon was , I could n't believe how poorly it preformed . It seems no matter what I prepare in this pan , it sticks and is diffcult to clean . I now rarely use it and know if it was easier to clean I would use it often . Very disappointed .
 I just used this pan for the first time and am so disappointed . I attempted to make chicken hash -LRB- recipe courtesy of Ina Garten -RRB- and after using both butter and oil , my potatoes and onions melded to the pan . They left a layer of crust that could not be moved , I absolutely dread cleaning the pan!I do n't recommend this in the least .
 Nothing at all like I wanted . Have had a similar pan to this by the same company . This is not that pan . Everything sticks to this . Would not recommend .
 Having purchased several pieces in the Calphalon line and being quite pleased with everything from the basic Simply Calphalon to the Commercial Non-stick line , this item left me disappointed . Not only was I saddened to learn that this `` commercial '' grade pan was not manufactured in Toledo as are other pieces of my collection , but the quality was less than that of the Simply line . Rough edges predominate the handles on both the pan and cover , the weight was less than other pans of the same size , and shipping or storage had left the pan with a dent to both it and the cover . Although it still manages to function as a brazier , it does not measure up to the quality one comes to expect from the Calphalon name .
 My error for not reading all the info . I was star dazzled by the price.I have not cooked with this pan yet , but not looking forward to it if it performs the same as the skillet I received with it.This is a NOT a nonstick pan .
 This is supposed to be a non-stick surface but the first time we cooked French toast it was toast . Even with spray-on cooking oil , the French toast was inedible . So much of it stuck to the surface , we had to throw it out . It stands to reason if someone is selling a product at `` 82 % '' discount , there must be something wrong with it .
 I wish I read the reviews here before I bought this pan . Everything sticks . I tried frying fish on Christmas eve in it . What a disaster . I had to use my 10 '' non-stick omelete pan . Took me forever . This pan is also very difficult to clean .
 I am disappointed in this product . It is much bigger than it appeared in the ad and I did n't know it would be so `` wok-like '' . I have n't even used it yet because I have n't come up with any ideas of what to prepare in it . I would not order it again nor recommend it to friends .
 Please do n't get fooled into thinking -LRB- like me -RRB- that this ia a non-stick pan . If your looking for non-stick , this is NOT what you want . Everything sticks to it like crazy.I 'm giving it 2 stars ` cos I have only tried saut&eacute;ing vegetables . This pan might still be good for making sauces and other stuff . But this is n't an `` EVERYTHING '' pan like they have claimed.I bought one recently -LRB- Dec 2003 -RRB- and returned it since I was unable to make simple stuff like hashbrowns , etc. . With a good 3 tablespoon of oil , it still sat there stuck to the bottom ! Save yourself the hassle of having to return it and the money you will be spending to return this stuff back . No wonder it has such a big price cut !
 Item is attractive but it is made in China . Experience wuth products such as these , made in China proved to be unsatisfactory . Generally , foods tend to stick making cleaning very difficult . Because of the sticking problem , foods burn unless watched very carefully .
 I thought I was getting a good quality product with Calphalon but what a disappointment . It is a poor design made with poor materials . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The form and size of this pan are good features , but it does not work well with sticking . Other reviews suggested that as long as you follow directions , it works well as far as food sticking to the pan . WRONG . I am very disappointed in this aspect and wish I had gone with a non-stick pan .
 I purchased two and wish I did n't even have one as the bacon even sticks to this product .
 I Will Stick With Anolon . Thought This Pan Would Not Stick Real Hard To Clean Will Not Order Any More Calphalon.James
 I had read the review and though this pan was very good . I had tried couple time for fried rice and they stick on the pan ... . I feel so bad because I bought 2 of them . One for myself and one for my grandmom . I hope she does n't think that I bought cheap stuff for her ... . even though it is Calphalon
 I have other calphalon that I love but for some reason this everything sticks in this pan . I did notice that this pan says Made In China on the bottom while the ones that I like do not . Could this be the problem ?? When I contacted Amazon that I was having problems with this pan they were nice enough to send me a new one but it is the same exact pan - also made in China .
 I have tried lots of different ways of cooking with this pan , and everything sticks to it . I bought it to replace a circulon pan , that was getting old , and I still use the circulon . I thought maybe I was using too high heat , that I was n't putting enough spray or oil in the pan , nothing works , everything sticks . It 's a big mess , and I wish I 'd never bought it .
 The pan we received does not have `` Commercial Hard-Anodized '' printed on the back as all the other Commercial Calphalon pans that we own and it was made in China . Our other Calphalon pans and skillets are made in the U.S.A. . This is not the same quality that we expect in a Calphalon product .
 I bought this pan as a trial -- thinking that if I liked it I would buy a set of Calphalon Commercial Hard-Anodized cookware . I wo n't be buying more . I 've only used it three times , and as far its preformance is concerned it seems fine -- the heat distribution is good , and the food came out well . However , after only three uses , it has developed an ugly hazy stain that is impossible to remove . I 've followed all the cleaning instructions that came with the pan , but to no avail . The `` hard-anodized '' aluminum does n't seem so hard after all .
 I 've tried many leading brands of pans and cookwares . Calphalon hard-anodized pan or pots are the worst of all . I 've tried using differnt kind and amount of oil at differnt heat setting . The pan sticks to anything I try to cook . The only good thing is it 's easy to clean as long as you soak it in warm water . I 'll not buy another hard anodized product from Calphalon again !
 I have read a lot of reviews which is why I decided to buy this pan . If you want a pan that everything you cook sticks to the bottom even when using non stick sprays and butters buy this pan . Does n't matter how low the temperature is it will stick . Does n't matter if you are on top of it stirring often , it will stick . I 'm convinced that even water will stick to this pan .
 I thought this was going to be the same quality as the many other Calphalon pots and pans I own . It is NOT ! The handles look cheap , and everything sticks to the `` non stick '' surface . It looks like a cheap knockoff . That was why it was so inexpensive , I guess .
 I read so many wonderful reviews here . But my experience was so bad . I tried it three times . I tried egg , tofu , and pancake . Everything sticks ! And it took me an hour to clean it . It is totally unbelivable ! I did everything on the instruction , like preheating , using medium heat to fry . I know this is not a non-stick pan . But , why still so many people have good experience ? Is there anyone who can give me some hints on this ? Thanks !
 I purchased this pan almost two years ago . I have been nothing but disappointed in it , which is surprising because everything else that I have purchased from Calphalon is wonderful and worth every penny . This pan , however , is not ! Everything sticks to it . All types of food and this is while using every nonstick spray , butter and many different types of oil to prevent the sticking . Nothing works . A few months ago , I had finally had it with this pan after cooking many aggravating meals with it . I went to Target and bought a similar Calphalon pan with a see through glass lid . It has been a wonderful replacement .
 I 've tried coating the pan prior to cooking w / regular oil , spray oil , butter ... everything sticks to this pan and burns ! My husband has happily removed this out of my kitchen and uses it as an outdoor wok now .
 I followed all the directions and then cooked bacon in it , it stuck to the pan and everything else did too . Finally just threw it away and bought an Emeril cookware set , much better .
 I just bought this on sale from amazon and I already own a non-stick pot , and 11-inch nonstick pan from Caphalon.These two calphalon pans I already own are like night to day to the one I recieved today . . The handles on this pan ARE SO CHEAP !!! They remind me of something I would see at Wal-mart . They are way thinner than the quality of Calphalon , and a rough metal that is n't stainless steel ... My other pans have thick handles with shiny stainless steel that you can really grip , and I have small hands anyways , but this pan is sturdy just not Calphalon quality ... The MSRP of 168 is misleading and completely off . . I think $ 30 is the most the pan should cost , if that ... I will keep it because I threw out my other nonstick because the coating disintegrated when hubby fried in it . . But I definitely even think the picture is n't what I recieved , the quality in the pic is n't what I got ... Buyer Beware ! And if you buy it , FIND A SAFE PLACE FOR YOUR LIFETIME WARRANTY , YOU 'RE GON NA NEED IT !!!
 Everything stucks to this pan like a super glue . Waste of money in my opinion . It was my first and `` last '' peace of Calphalon Commercial Hard-Anodized . I think I should buy non - stick version
 The first time I used it to cook some shrimps . As the water out of the shrimps keep the temperature of the bottom low , it does n't stick at all.But the second time I cooked some beef lightly fried with oil . The result is a disaster . The beef sticks to the pan tightly until I pour some water into the pan which made my dish total mess.I do n't recommend it .
 I bought two of these . They both `` stick '' . Not what they claimed to be . I have already thrown them away .
 Have had this pan for about two months . Following the instructions with this pan is fairly useless . Everything will stick to it . E V E R Y T H I N G . It is , however , useful as a cat food dish for when we go on vacation .
 OK , I bought this pan and I do n't like it at all.First it sticks ! It is not nonstick at all . Believe me , it almost sticks everything.Second , it is not deep enough . If what you want is a wok , this pan is far from what you need . You will never be able to use it as a stir fry wok.I kept this pan anyway , because I was too lazy to return it .
 I ordered this item on December 14 and so far have received weekly emails from Amazon telling me how sorry they are that there is a ` delay in shipping ' and giving me an ` estimated NEW delivery date ' . Needless to say , nothing has been shipped to date . I 've sent them 2 email messages asking why they keep listing this item as ` available to ship in 24 hours ' but ca n't seem to live up to their responsibility to meet my 3 week old order . Of course they ` apologize for the inconveience ' but now I 'm tired of the lame emails and want to know what 's up with this !! Has anyone else had this problem ? If so , how did you get them to do the right thing and fulfill the order ??
 as mentioned in the title , i bought it when it was on sale , very good price for this brand . when i received it , it was shaallower than i thought , does n't matter , however , it seems u need to put a lot of oil otherwise , it sticks quite a lot , cleaning seems ok , but still quite annoying as u could n't only use it for one dish and then soak in the water and clean it the next day ... i wo n't recommend to friends ...
 It sticks everything I cook in it , not a good product . I had few Calphalon product before , and I love them . But this one really changes my impression of Calphalon .
 I followed the instructions on cleaning , but the anodized coating came off and the pan began to look like it was rusted . Even after cleansing and drying , the pan never looked clean . I finally threw it out -LRB- after less than 1 year -RRB- because the orange rust look that could n't be cleaned off was certainly getting into our food . Calphalon is usually a good product , maybe the anodized is n't all it 's cracked up to be , as I had the same problem with their roaster .
 We bought this pan a couple of month back . It has hardly been used . Because it sticks . Whatever I cooked with it , everything stick to the bottom . I own more than one capalon pans and pot . This one is the worst so far . Keep away from it . Do n't waste your money !
 What a disappointment . Calphalon should n't advertise non-stick with the hard anondize products . The fact you need to read all these mixed reviews that are so opposite each other , demonstrates that this is not a premier product.Now , I am afraid to by a new non-stick pan from Calphalon even though my past pans were great ! Buyer beware !!!!
 I ordered this product for myself and for a Christmas gift . I am terribly disappointed . Despite the Calphalon brand name , the quality is terrible and I question whether Calphalon has outsourced their production to the point where the quality of the non-stick is entirely missing . First , the pan is not as deep as described . But its real failing is that it is NOT non-stick . I cooked a number of receipes in it -LRB- rice dishes , sauteed salmon , fried bacon , omelettes , etc. -RRB- and all stuck completely to the pan . I tried PAM non-stick cooking spray , as well as liberal applications of the olive oil and despite these , everything stuck hard to the pan so as to require very hard hand scrubbing to get the food residue off . I actually had to buy a new kitchen scrubber to tackle the stuck food . By comparison , a well-seasoned cast iron pan and a cheap Wear-Ever fry pan seemed vastly more non-stick than this Calphalon . I can not imagine the positive reviews for this product , unless there are extreme differences in production . Buyer BEWARE . Not a good buy . If it were possible to rate it with zero `` stars '' then that would be more accurate .
 I read the reviews and thought this would be the perfect solution to my everyday cooking dilemma . But I found that a lot of things sticked to it even if I added butter to the pan . Grilled cheese would stick and then end up burning as I tried to salvage what was left of it . Pancakes sticked too . I tried different types of margarine . Now if you cook with oil it might work but for certain dishes I cook with margarine and I found it did not work well . I was able to scrap with metal utensils without damage to the pan though I found outlines of pasta on the bottom if they stuck to the pan even after scrubbing it clean .
 Everything sticks to this pan and I mean everything . I am not at all happy with this product especially for the price I paid . I would not purchase another one .
 This pan is next to useless . It 's too big and too heavy . No matter what I cook and how much oil I use , the food sticks . This ca n't be an everyday pan for sure .
 After several uses , the pan is displaying a rainbow-like discoloring . I 'm wondering if this is similar to carcinogenic material which are used for the nonstick cookware . I 'm wondering if I can still use the pan or not .
 I am so pleased with the other pieces of Calphalon that I have , so I thought I would add to the mix with the Everyday Pan . I have really struggled with using it . I should have ordered a NONSTICK Everyday Pan , because each time I have used it , I have had to scrape , struggle to get it clean , and spend a lot of time . It is not worth it to me . I need things that make my life easier , not more difficult . It has some great atrributes -- size , presentation , etc. , but not enough to make me want to buy another Calphalon pan with the regular finish .
 Got it this afternoon , cooked in it tonight . Made philly cheesesteak ... sauteed onions , bell pepper & mushrooms with olive oil & spices , & then the strips of sirloin . nothing stuck , cooked perfectly , I love it.I think of these pans as cast iron , only better . Non-reactive to foods , much lighter , and quicker to heat than cast iron . After I cleaned up , the cooking surface was discolored , almost coated . Perfect ! I do n't need this pan to be pretty , just to cook great . This is what I loved about my Meyer profeesional 8 '' pan I 've had for 15 years . It 's coated , discolored and seasoned , if you will , and is perfect for anything that needs to be seared or browned or carmelized . My wife bakes cornbread in that one , which comes out with that great bottom crust just like it was baked in cast iron.This pan 's a winner , buy it .
 I bought this pan because it was supposed to be a surface that would not stick to food . The exact opposite is true . It sticks to everything . Do n't even think about frying eggs or making an omelet.I thought maybe the pan would work better if I reduced the heat . It did n't . This pan was not cheap . I thought I was getting what I wanted . I almost never use this pan anymore . I tried frying sausage patties . I thought I would need a chisel to get them out of the pan.I would not recommend this pan to anyone . It is awful .
 I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing the `` everyday pan ' ! I misunderstood and thought it was non-stick because it was `` hard-anodized '' , but every thing sticks to it , even when I use a little oil ! After numerous washings I can not get the stains out ! I only use it if I have to simmer something in a lot of liquid like broth .
 When this pan showed up , I loved it . It looks cool and it cooks well . But the finish wore off within a couple of months , and I was left with an ugly aluminum pan . I called Calphalon but they told me that if I did n't follow the cleaning instructions they would n't replace it . But the instructions are to wash it before AND after you cook.I would pay attention to reviews from people that have owned this pan for a while . YMMV . But all of the Calphalon we bought -LRB- and used -RRB- ended up in the garbage before long .
 The Everyday Pan is a great shape for cooking a wide variety of foods but the anodized surface is disappointing . After only a couple of uses it faded and became rough despite using a coating of oil before each use . I have other anodized pans but have never had one fail like this . I 'd rather pay more and get a quality product that lasts for years . This one will hit the trash bin in no time and that 's no bargain .
 I purchased this pan after seeing it in the stores and reading some of the reviews here.I was very disappointed in the quality of the pan I received . The first thing I noticed was the interior finish was not as smooth the Calphalon pans I 'd seen on display in the stores . I could see there was one small pit in the center/bottom of the pan , as well as concentric lines in the pan where the polishing tools appeared to leave their marks , instead of smoothing the surface.However , I decided to give it a try anyway . I cooked with it one time , following all the manufacturer instructions -LRB- low heat , etc. -RRB- ; in addition to food sticking badly , it left small stains that would not come out . This was even after scrubbing several times with a highly recommended powder cleaner for aluminum/stainless steel pans.Also , putting it under a bright light after one use , I could see more pits were starting to form in center of the pan . Could be the anodized surface was defective on this one , and this is not be the same quality pan others here have received . Definitely not what one would expect from a Calphalon product !
 I 've used it a few times now . My food has burned because it gets stuck to the bottom , even with medium heat , and the rest of the food is n't cooked . I have an electric range which may be part of the problem , but I 've never had trouble with any of my Cuisinart pans . This was not worth the trouble of me and I 'm severly disappointed that with correct upkeep it looks like I 've had it for years instead of 1 week .
 I do n't know why the others loved this pan so much . I am actualy quite disappointed about this pan . I bought mine about 2 years ago becuase of the good reviews but for the last year or so it has been sitting in the cupboard collecting dust . Here are the issues : summary :1 . sticks like crazy2 . even though anodized al is hard , the underneath substrate is soft , resulting in a ` soft ' pan3 . discolors despite seasoning1 . The pan sticks like crazy , especially anything with protein . I followed the instructions
 I bought this from Amazon and initially loved it . It was wonderful for paella , omeletes , sauces , etc. . I was very careful to use it and wash it according to the instructions.The cooking surface began to discolor and I bought the very expensive Calphalon clean for the hard anodized cookware . The discoloration remains , but the cleaner began removing the anodizing.I also have one of Calphalon 's non-stick omelete pans , and the non-stick has failed.I have written to Calphalon , and they want me to return the pans . That presents a problem , for today 's shipping prices exceed what I paid for the pans . I am in a metropolitan area - there should be a drop-off location , or Calphalon should use their vastly superior buying power to pay for the shipping . This is very unsatisfactory.Calphalon sent me a UPS pick-up in November 2006 . Just after Christmas , I received two new units . The everyday pan is not from China , and the hard anodizing is perfect . This pan does not cause sticking . The same can be said for the non-stick pan . The replacement is perfect - the eggs almost jump off the surface and NEVER STICK .
 Encouraged by the consumer reviews and great price , I got this pan . I used it only once for an omelette , and even soaking and scrubbing could n't remove the residue . I have been cooking for 30 years and have never had a pan this hard to clean . I was rather shocked and of course , disappointed.I figured it must have a defective finish . Even the cover had a dusty appearance , and if you ran your finger over the surface , there was a visible mark , like there was a light coating of dust.I sent it back about 3 weeks ago , and Amazon says they have n't received it yet . Not too happy about that . I want my refund !
 I bought this pan last year this month and the coating has already disappeared . This pan is worthless and I will never buy it again .
 Maybe should 've given it more time and practice . But have moved on to other pans .
 This is a versatile pan and is of a good size . The only problem is , the lining wears off -- you might get 1 or 2 years worth of use from this pan . Of course , it is cheap , so if you are willing to throw out the pan after a year or two , it might be worth it to you . By the way , I have bought 3 of these pans in the last 6 years , precisely because the lining wears out .
 I got this pan in late Feb. . With only one month of light use , the pan is ruined already . I only hand wash the pan so there is no reason for it to be damaged . But the inside of the pan is sticky with residue build up and blotchy . It looks like some coating has flaked off and it can not be good to cook with it any longer . I will try to return it .
 This pan is NOT good for searing , frying , or anything other than boiling water . The hard anodized is suppose to release the food when it is cooked but I have used an inch of oil and the food still sticks . I know this is not a nonstick pan but this is ridiculous . Do n't buy this pan . I do n't know what is wrong with it but I 'm going to get a pan from another line .
 I wanted to try Calphalon and the price was right . I read the enclosed documents on cooking and care , but food still stuck to it . Calphalon can not go into dishwasher . I also have the Calphalon non-stick 10 '' saute pan and love it . It wipes clean with a paper towel and rinses out with soap & hot water .
 Although this product looks like a wok in picture and the dimension says it is 4 inches in height . It is too shallow to be a wok , it is a pan as the description says . It is only 1.5-2 inches deep . The other 2-3 .5 inches is the cover and its handle . I never tried it . So ca n't comment on that .
 Does not hold up well ... Size is great , but this is not the best hard anodized available . No more Calphalon products for me . Too thin , and not heavy duty . A real lightweight in more ways than one .
 Everything seems to stick to it . I buy Calphalon for easy cleanup . Reverware is better than this ! I threw home fries in it yesterday with some oil on medium heat . They stuck to it in one minute and needed to be scraped to be turned . I can not believe that the name `` Calphalon '' is on this product.p.s . It looks nice and utilitarian . It is n't utiilitarian .
 Arrived with a scratch right through the coating which looked paper thin . Based on another review -LRB- item is now made in China -RRB- I wonder if this is n't the same quality it used to be ?
 When I received this pan , there was a long list of DOs and DO N'Ts for proper care and use . -LRB- Do n't put in the dishwasher , do n't use cooking sprays , DO use plastic utensils , etc. -RRB- I believe I followed these rules exactly , yet everything I cook in this pan sticks like crazy , and has since the time I started using it . I am very disappointed with this product .
 I have owned alot of pans in my life from very inexpensive to top of the line . This is the worst of them all . I just cooked a vegetable and rice dish in it and was unable to get the rice unstuck from the pan even after soaking the pan for 24 hours . I threw this pan away , something I have never done with a new pan before . Spend the extra money and get a better pan !
 I bought this with great expectations . What a disappointment ! Everything sticks!I even called Calaphon and they gave me all these steps to go through every time I would use the pan and everything still stuck!Want one of these ? Come to my yard sale and buy it for $ 2 !
 I do n't understand why Calphalon will claim this pan to be stick-resistant . It sticks even more easily than usual pans . EVERYTHING sticks even at low heat and a lot of oil .
 Every thing sticks to this pan . It rusts easily too . I followed all the caring and cooking instructions . Wonder if I can return it .
 I purchased several pieces of Calphalon cookware/bakeware and love them EXCEPT this everyday pan . I made pancakes in the pan this morning . I accidently added too much oil to the pan but they stuck terribly anyhow . I had to throw the pancakes away . I attempted to fry eggs and it was a disaster . Hamburger has to be chiseled off of the bottom of the pan . I wrote an email to the company and they suggested preheating , letting meat sit out for 15 min and using metal utensils . My mother purchased a very similiar pan from the same company and loves it - no special preparation/instructions needed . I cook all of the time so it 's not a lack of experience that 's the problem . Many reviewers seem to love this pan so maybe I received one from a bad batch ?? I received mine a few months ago .
 I have a complete set of Calphalon purchased years ago that I love . I purchased this pan along with a 21/2 quart pan as gifts . Although I have n't used the pans because they were gifts , I was present when they were opened and they were indeed manufactured in China and not Toledo , Ohio . They were not the same quality as the Calphalon manufactured in the USA , the pans and the handles were rough and were nowhere near as `` weighty '' as my old pans . I would try again and make sure you get Calphalon made in the USA .
 it said it is no stick but actually it stick and you have to be very careful to use it . Even the lid can cause scratch on the pan , very disappoint
 I agree this is a great size pan , but food STICKS to this pan more than any other pans I have had . When cooking fried rice , most of rice sticks to the pan !! The quality of `` hard-anodized '' surface is also questionable as it leaves stains after just one use ! I would not recommend this pan .
 Things seem to stick fairly quickly to the surface of this pan . They do wash out alright but the sticking bothers me . Not sure I 'd buy it again .
 Everyday pans are my favorite but I was so disappointed . With butter and low heat food sticks and is difficult to remove .
 Small piece in the middle of the pan broke off before the first use . Quality is not good
 I was very disappointed with the craftsmanship . I did n't realize it was made in China . I 'm keeping the pan but I wish I had n't bought it .
 I needed a good all around pan and the reviews I read about this pan were above average , so I thought I buy it . For the price , I expected better . The first time I used it , my food stuck and after cleaning I noticed spots . I tried it again tonight making chicken cutlets . Using olive oil , it took quite awhile to heat up . I found it cooked the chicken too slowly and uneven . Turning the heat up , the chicken started to burn . Maybe I just need to get used to it but my cheap , non-stick pan does better .
 Calphalon Commercial Hard-Anodized 12-Inch Everyday Pan with Lid . I am returning this pan because EVERYTHING sticks to it . I 've purchased better , cheaper pans from Walmart that provide better results ! VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED !!!!! Too bad for anybody who paid over $ 100.00 retail . The only reason there is even ONE star is because a review can not be submitted without at least one .
 We bought this pan a year ago , to add to my kitchen arsenal . We had done some research regarding pans , and the good reviews prompted us to buy it . However , the finish has ` nt lasted , inspite of careful handwashing & following the care instructions . This pan ' performance is disappointing .
 I purchased this pan because I like the fact that it does not have long handles and is something that would be used everyday.When this arrived , I did n't look at it right away . I had already purchased a Calphalon `` everyday pan '' that had the tri-ply stainless . I was n't too concerned about this pan until I read one of the most recent reviews and opened it up !! SHOCK!This pan arrived in a plain white box without any indication that it was a Calphalon pan . In fact , there was a credit card offer in the box and I can only say that Calphalon should be ashamed of themselves . This is obviously a poor knock-off . This pan is going back to Amazon . The price was right but for a little more money , I got a much better pan and it even has a glass , see through lid.I have always checked to see what others think about products that they purchase . In the future , I think I will find what I want in the store and then try and buy it . What a disappointment .
 It 's sticky . The handler are mental that are hot during cooking.I 'm very disappointed .
 The size of this pan is perfect , but cooking in it could be better . It does not seem to have a stick-resistance surface as stated ... it is like constantly cooking on an unseasoned cast iron pan . For the money , it was OK , but I ended up buying another kind of pan elsewhere .
 I bought 3 of this pan . Two for friends as Christmas gifts and one for myself . I used mine for cooking scrambled eggs for my daughter 's breakfast . It is very sticky . I can hardly make the egg with this pan.The quality is not matched with the original price . I returned all of the three I bought . Do n't trust it , it is not worth to purchase at all .
 I have given this pan a couple of months tryout and everything still sticks badly to it . I ca n't imagine trying to do an omelet in it ! I have meticulously cleaned it after using it as directed since it says that a `` greasy '' or `` dirty '' pan will cause sticking , but to no avail . I have set food in advance out on the counter -LRB- to take the chill off -RRB- and have tried to follow the directions to a T. I always wait until the rim of the pan is hot to the touch until putting food into it to cook ... . I have a ceramic cook top range . Is this causing problems with this pan ??? I have pretty good luck with the lid on the food , causing steam , but stir frying in this thing is really tough . I do n't think I will be buying another of this type .
 I bought both the 10 inch and the 12 inch calphalon everyday pans because I wanted the short handles . Both were made in China . I had to replace the 10 inch pan once already this is my second 10 inch everyday pan purchase . The coating is separating from the pan and is peeling . The 12 inch pan has stained since the first time I used it and the food sticks to the pan . These were supposed to be the Professional series pans and both are substandard . Calphalon does not stand by their warranty at all . They make it too difficult to return the pans and use arbitary reasoning to reject the replacement . I never washed these in the dishwasher and have never used too high of heat on either . DO NOT PURCHASE THESE PANS . They are substandard or not as advertised and again Calphalon does not stand by their warranty replacement for ANY LENGTH OF Time . Not for Life time or limited .
 pot lasted less than thirty days . Rusted and chipped . Lid was fine . Recommend to NO ONE , unless you wish to waste money .
 I have had this product a few weeeks now and am very unsatisfied . I needed new pots and pans and bought a set of circulon 2 but the frying pans were too small . So I researched and ordered this pan , 12 inch everyday pan by cephalon . The reviews were generally good and cephalon was one of the top recommended brands . Everything sticks to the pan and I expected a flatter pan . This one has rounded sides and seems more for vegetables . Maybe saute ' would not stick . I have used it several times hoping it just needed to be seasoned , but still I just do n't care for the pan . I just finished making pancakes , only fit 3 small ones in the pan and they stuck even with lots of Pam spray . Maybe I am spoiled with the circulon 2 , which is thicker and heavier and does n't stick . My husband has used the pan too and he seeems to like it and that is the only reason I did n't return it .
 First time I cooked I taught may First use but I tried 4 times and food still sticks to the pan . My old pan was doing the same thing so I bought this but now I regret buying this pan
 I love my Calphalon pans . They are of very good quality and although they are not of the non-stick variety , food never sticks . I was shocked when I received this one . The quality is obviously not the same . The pan is thinner and the surface not as smooth . The inside of the lid discolored on the first use and although I followed the maker 's cleaning instructions , the discoloration remains.Also please note that although this is sold as a 12 '' pan , only the top of the pan is 12 '' wide -LRB- at the lid -RRB- . The bottom of the pan is only 10 '' wide and does n't hold any more than my 10 '' skillet .
 I already had one at home that I bought from MACY 's on sale a year ago that was made in USA . I purchased one from this site for my mother but it is MADE IN CHINA . I am not sure this exactly same quality even though it looks alike . I am not pleased
 THEY TELL YOU SHIPPING IS FREE IF YOU ADD $ 5.01 TO YOUR ORDER . WHEN I DID THEY CHARGED ME AN ADDITIONAL 10 + DOLLARS FOR SHIPPING .
 I have had this pan for over a year now and have basically stopped using it and have given it to my husband to use as an oil pain for changing the oil for the car . I have used many calpahlon skillets and knifes and also am an avid user of le creuset . I love the calphalon non-stick skillets for things like scrambled eggs . With this pan however , I have tried cooking on low heat , with a heat diffuser and using plenty of oil while washing the pan before and after use . Still ... it sticks horribly bad and is terrible to clean . It does cook fairly evenly . But if it 's even cooking you want combined with ease of use and durability buy enamel coated cast iron like le creuset . If le creuset is too pricy , well do n't buy anything from calphalon except non-stick or knifes -LRB- their knifes are great ! -RRB- otherwise you 'll be sorely disappointed .
 I own other Calphalon pans and like the quality , so I was really excited to get the 12-Inch Everyday Pan . I was doing a general stir fry the first time I used it , and a few pieces of the meat stuck to the bottom of the pan . Had to soak the pan for a couple of hours before I was able to get the meat off with a sponge without damaging the coating . Of course , I thought it was user error , so I gave it another try the following week . I was pan frying a large batch of delicious home-made meat dumplings in a generous amount of cooking oil , and every single one of the dumplings stuck to the bottom of the pan like it was cemented in place ! My entire batch was ruined and I will never use this pan again .
 I know that this pan is not nonstick but copious amounts of oil do n't help . And after 3-4 uses , the surface is all scratched up and the metal is showing through . It has become too much of an event to use and clean this pan - it 's going to goodwill .
 We are happy with the weight , with the lid and with the shape . . However , even following the directions , which state that you must not put cold food into the pan . . everything , and that is Everything sticks to this pan !! It isimpossible to fry eggs . impossible to braise or stirfry . We havent tried baking . . the pan may be sturdy , but it ` sjust plain sticky !
 Developed whte spots after the first use . Looks like theanodized layer is extremely thin and not durable.Will try to get a replacement from Calphalon .
 Buyers Beware . I have been an amazon customer for years . I read all the reviews and was ready for my Calphalon pan to arrive . You will also note that this item was sold , not from a third party distributor but from Amazon itself . What I received was not the Calphalon pan I ordered but a Chinese knock off . I was shocked . It came in a unmarked white box with `` Made in China '' Printed on the outside . No where on the box or inside the box or even on the pan does it say Calphalon . Slipped in with the pan was a single general brochure for Calphalon cookware . I looked at the picture of the pan in the brochure and it did n't even look like the one in the picture . The handles were different , the marking were different and it looked like , well a cheap knock off . I am sending mine straight back to Amazon.As a loyal Amazonian I am just floored .
 The exterior is good . But the interior is very disappointing . It 's hard to clean and not stick-resistant . After one cook -LRB- just 5 minutes -RRB- I can see some white spots on the bottom . I wonder this product is the same as people bought here before .
 we 've had ours for a few years and it has gotten progressively worse as the finish quickly wore off and disappeared , even on the lid which we do n't use a lot . Washing it with a soft sponge turns it completely black , and magically , after getting rid of all the blackness , it 's back the next day . I shudder to think what amount of metal or other material has gotten into our food -- thoughts that convinced me to finally carry it to the trash can today . That 30 feet of holding it turned my hands black , but I can at least be happy that it wo n't again . Replacing it with All Clad -- have some of those which get heavy use and have n't let me down .
 I trusted allot of reviewers of this product but it did not work for me . After following all of the instructions this pan is useless , everything sticks to it . It does not meter what I try to make . I gave it one star because I can not give it no stars and it will make a nice planter when I drill couple of holes through it ...
 OK , I can not accurately comment on how the pan worked because I never got to use it . Amazon shipped it and I found that the lid was dented , which then led to fact that it did n't properly fit on the pan itself . Also , there were scratches on the bottom of the pan , as if someone had scoured it , which I did n't think was too normal ... The cheap price should have tipped me off ...
 I was very disappointed with this pan . Everything I tried on it sticks like hell . This will be my first returned item for sure if I can find the receipt .
 It is a very sticky pan , I thought I brought a non sticky pan , but it proved me wrong . I did not like it . It only use for frying vegetable , not meat . I wanted to return it , but it was too trouble .
 Never , ever , have I been this disappointed with Calphalon anything . The reviewer who described it with `` one issue '' is right . I do n't think one could fry lard in this pan without it sticking . And clean-up is , to say the least , tedious , no matter how long you soak it . I 've used it twice , and that 's it ... the lid should be handy , I suppose .
 I bought this pan for a my mother as a gift , and it is the worst piece of cookware she has ever owned . I must second everything Mr. David Burrell wrote below . Nothing can be cooked in this pan without sticking and burning . I wish I could give it zero stars rating , because one is way too much . Stay away from this pan !!!
 I have used this pan only twice , the eggs stick badly . I have my everyday set of stainless pots and pans and bought this for cooking eggs and a few other items . It is a very light weight pan and of very poor quality . I generally have liked my calphalon pans , but this seems to be a knock-off item . It is very light weight and is not a non-stick cooking pan . You get what you pay for .
 I was so exicted when I bought this pan . But the fodo sticks all the time unless I put a lot of oil . I am very disppointed . Can someone recommend what to do .
 It is much sticky than an average iron pan , not to mention any non-stick pan . I bought it to replace an old non-stick pan , now I might have to return it or get a real non-stick pan .
 ... and it can be used in the garden with plants ... . I can not imagine a better use!it 's probably designed to burn the food or invit your guest to stay home next time.I just missed so much my Tefal when I was using that awful Calphalon ! it 's so cheap and everything stick for ever in there ... I could n't get away of the burned spots ... anyway !! : my advice , do n't buy it !
 I bought this pan about two months ago for the great reviews and cheap price on Amazon , I 've used it a total of 5 times and I have to say I 'm not at all impressed . What they do n't tell you is that it 's not that easy to wash and its not non stick . However , it does heat up quite quickly . I also was n't to happy about putting it the dishwasher , as it had the ashy texture to it when it came out . Its extremely heavy as well . Not really worth the price but it does get the job done . Point being , Ive had better and paid way more less .
 Since I received this pan I have been wondering how we know it 's `` commercial '' . Pans usually will say on the bottom what they are . This one only says Calphalon . It did n't seem heavy enough to be a commercial grade pan . I used the pan for the first time today . I am so very disappointed . I washed , heated and oiled it as recommended . I was making potato pancakes and they stuck really bad . I transferred the pancakes to a Tivoli brand pan and they cooked great . I will give this pan another try and use even lower heat and hope for the best . But for the mentioned reason I am giving this pan 1 star .
 This pan was so bad I sent it back . I would not recommend it to anyone as everything stuck in it !
 I bought this pan after reading some good reviews for an everyday pan . I got it home and made some hashbrowns . The hashbrowns stuck after the first 2 minutes of cooking and I used PLENTY of oil but I guess not enough . I had to take them out and use our old pan . You have to use too much oil in this pan to make things not stick and I do n't wo n't to use all m y olive oil to do that . I do like the size and the weight and use it when I 'm going to use water for the dish . I would n't dare make eggs , brown meat , because of the sticking . Also after cleaning this pan , it lost a lot of the coating.I would have returned this item but I threw away the darn boxEdit
 My husband used his pan for the first time last night.To his surprise , the pan did not do as well then all of our other Calphalon pans . The food stuck to it , like white on rice.He could not believe it.Maybe we got a hold of a lemon.All of our other pans work like a charm , we bought a whole set in January .
 I am an avid cook and have a variety of very nice pots and pans -LRB- both high-end and low-end -RRB- . This one has been a huge disappointment . The handles on both the pot and the lid get VERY hot when cooking . Foods stick . Even cooking bacon , which we all know has plenty of fat , I find I need to scrape it off the pan as it cooks . The pan also has NOT cleaned up as easily as one would expect with a non-stick pan . I often have to soak the pan AND scrub to clean it . I can not recommend this pan .
 My error . I thought I was buying a non-stick type pan . Not so with this particular Calphalon line . It is a nice size , nice lid as well . Did n't notice it did n't have a single handle . Getting it to cookproperly has been a learning process . If you want non-stick avoidthis one .
 Because its Now made in China and no comparison to the older pans.Read all the reviews.There are a lot of review that just say I love it with little detail.Then when it mentions how thin it is or how easily food sticks to it or how hard it is to clean it gets not so many helpful reviews.I smell a click farm that is trying to get Customers to accept the cheap NEW made in China pans . . thin and flimsy.I do n't care how much its % off . Once you see it you 'll see you overpaid if you remember the old Calphalon Commercial grade pans made in the USA .
 I was very excited to purchase this piece as it was my first higher-end pan . It heats up , and retains heat , very well . There are few hot spots using this pan , so cooking in it is great . However , clean up is another issue . I never put it in the dishwasher . I only used soft sponges to clean it . I usually cleaned it immediately after using it -LRB- once it cooled -RRB- . But it appears like a layer of metal or whatever has worn off -LRB- is now dull instead of having a sheen -RRB- . Since it 's worn off , the food has been sticking A LOT more , so it 's a cycle -- > clean , wear off some metal , food sticks , repeat.I still use this pan , but have put a similar style pan on my wedding registry so I can replace it soon .
 I can not believe how awful this pan is ! I own a dozen Calphalon pans and this is by far the worst pan I have ever purchased and used . Everything stuck like glue , even with the use of cooking and olive oils . I tried cooking hashbrowns with oil on this and they stuck like crazy . This pan feels cheap compared to my other Calphalon pans . The handles seem cheap , the pan itself is a lot thinner and it is not as heavy as you would expect from this brand . It is almost like this is a knock off . Even for the cheap price on Amazon it is not worth the money I paid for it .
 I just want to re-confirm the issues that other people have had with this pan . It is of very poor quality
 I have rated the pan as a 2 . The reason for my low rating is because the pan is so much lighter than any other Commerical Calphalon pan I own . The box it came in did not say `` Commerical Caplphalon '' , it simply said `` Calphalon . '' Could it be that this pan is from a lesser quality line of pans Calphalon offers ?
 I bought this on sale for $ 30 several months ago . I have other Calphalon Hard-Anodized pieces , and thought this would be a great addition . Although I read the reviews and knew it was n't non-stick , I figured I 'd be able to deal with that , as much of the cookware I have is not non-stick . When the pot came , I was disappointed at how the food stuck to the bottom , no matter what . I followed the tips of other users , made sure I used oil , tried not to put cold foods in , and gave it several months of use . I still find that whatever is cooked in this pan sticks . Maybe the one I purchased is unusual or has a bad finish or surface . Whatever the source of these issues , I have been terribly disappointed with this pan . It 's too bad , because it is the perfect size in terms of cooking surface , the curvature of the sides , and the lid .
 I dont understand why this pan is a best seller . I regret buying it and barely use it . Food gets easily stuck to the surface and is difficult to scrape off or clean . Its bulky and heavy , and the handles get really hot on the stove . Perhaps the non-stick version is better .
 Having purchased several pieces in the Calphalon line and being quite pleased with everything from the basic Simply Calpalon to the Commercial Non-stick line , this item left me disappointed . Not only was I saddened to learn that this `` commercial '' grade pan was not manufactured in Toledo as are other pieces of my collection , but the quality was less than that of the Simply line . Rough edges predominate the handles on both the pan and cover , the weight was less than other pans of the same size , and shipping or storage had left the pan with a dent to both it and the cover . Although it still manages to function as a brazier , it does not measure up to the quality one comes to expect from the Calphalon name .
 This pan is extremely difficult to clean , even when following the written instructions . I am very disappointed with this product . Do not recommend buying this pan at any price .
 Beware ... this is a China knockoff of Calphalon . You will never find this pan in the stores . The true Calphalon is made in Toledo Ohio and says so on the bottom . These hard anodized pans that weigh next to nothing are made in China and it says so right on the box you get as well as the pan . How can Calphalon still exist and they have two locations ? Hmmmmmm . Not sure how Amazon gets these but they are not true Calphalon . They are junk and do not buy . Look for the ones that say nonstick and the shipping weight is more than three pounds . Calphalon should be ashamed of offering a cheap knock off pan to make money off the consumer wanting to spend only $ 30 for a pan . Theses pans are worse than the good $ 30 pans you can buy . In reality , non-stick pans only last about a year anyway . This pan is worthless . Buy a good staniless steel pan that will last a lifetime instead of a hard anodized pan that is non-stick and invest in a good 12 inch non-stick pan . Not this one .
 Everything sticks to this pan . This pan is dreadful for sauteeing , frying , searing or just about anything else . It does hold water though and if you have a high enough water content in your food , like a soup , it wo n't stick . But this is not supposed to be a saucepan . I can not believe all the positive reviews . All my other Calphalon Commercial pieces are fine . Believe the reviews that say that this pan is just not the same quality!This pan IS THE WORST . You will BE SORRY YOU BOUGHT IT .
 I own a good amount of high end cookware , and do a large amount of cooking . I own several pans in the Calphalon Commercial line , including this pan . This is the perfect size pan , and that is originally why I purchased it , but other than it 's size , it 's useless . Everything sticks to this pan , even when the pan is greased . It 's been very frustrating to cook with the pan , and find out that your food is stuck to the pan . Cleanup is diffcult . I wash all my pans by hand , to preserve them , and this is the most difficult pan to clean . It still has marks on the bottom pan where food stuck while cooking . I read previous reviews and followed the advice about cleaning the pan , but it still looks the same . I 've decided to order a pan from a different line .
 This is the worst pan I have ever owned . Everything sticks , even with greasing it a bit . Cheap pan !
 I 've never used a pan that makes food sticks to the surface like this one does ! I cook a lot of stir fries and light , non-greasy food and buying this pan is a huge mistake . This pan is probably good at searing big slabs of meat and creating gravies but definitely not for preparing delicate food for thinly sliced pieces of meat will stick onto the surface and it takes a lot of soaking and scrubbing to clean them off .
 Stay away from this pan.This pan sticks since day one . I reread and followed the operation manual but that does n't make any difference . Based on the positive reviews , I actually bought four of these and gave away two of them as gifts . They all stick . I feel embarrassed for gifting them . I still have one unopened and I am not sure what to do with it.Now that I read the product details more carefully , this pan never calls itself a non-stick pan . Instead it is `` Stick - and scratch-resistant surface `` I am not sure about the resistant part because it does not seem to resist very much.I think this pan heats evenly because it sticks pretty evenly . If you do n't mind a pan that sticks , and you want to use it like a stainless steel pan except with a dark gray color , this pan is for you.If I want a ` stick & easy-to-wash ' pan , I will just use my stainless steel set and de-glace it after cooking -LRB- and perhaps with an occasional spray of Easy-Oven -RRB- . Washing this pan is easy and I will give it that . But I really do n't see why anyone would want to bother with this pan . There is n't a whole lot of advantages of this pan when comparing with stainless steel -LRB- which lasts about forever -RRB- .
 This product is sticky , so I returned it to Amazon . The return was very smooth , thanks to Amazon 's perfect custom service .
 I got this pan a week ago and used it for 3 times . I was stick here and there . I trust Calphalon 's quality and have a very good experience using their product . However , I am very unsatisfied with this product . It is just stick everywhere . Unfortunately , I threw the package right away when I got this pan . There is no way for me to return this product . According to my own use experience , I will not recommend buying it .
 I purchased the 12 inch Calphlon sikillet . I put `` Pam '' in the skillet before cooking eggs . The eggs still stuck to the skillett . I think this may not be real Calphlon I think it is an `` a fake '' . I have other Calphlon skillets and they do n't stick !!!! `` Bad Buy '' '' '' '' '' '' ''
 1 . too small to hold a usual size of dish for asian cooking2 . sticky .3 . expensive4 . the lid is not necessary and is too heavy.dont buy this pan if you want a stir-pan to cook asian food .
 I used to own Hard-Anodized Non-stick pan . It was a very cheap pan but it did work for good 5 , 6 years . Since I bought this one from Amazon , I just made the last scramble egg in it and toss that out . Now , I used this brand name Calphalon pan , everything sticks ! I mean not only eggs , but everything . I am thinking getting another cheap pan just so that food will come out the pan !
 Do not waste your money . I take care of my things and this was a waste . It rusted , cooks unevenly . Not happy at all .
 I bought this pan based on the name , price , and the reviews other people have written . I have had this pan less than 2 weeks , and everything sticks to it ... onions , hamburgers , hash browns , even hot dogs ... and i have used olive oil everytime ... more than i should have to use for any given dish ... fry eggs ???? hah ... no way ... I 'm buying a nonstick ...
 Used this for the first time tonight -- browned a pork loin , then put it in a moderate oven with fresh rosemary , thyme and the juice of a lemon . When I took it out , all the coating had dissolved off the bottom ! I had to throw out the roast , off course . This pan is a disaster at any price -- do n't buy it .
 This is the worst pan I have ever had . Following all instructions from manufacturer ; the pan burnt the food the first time and every time since then . Do n't waste your money !!!
 We purchased this `` Everyday Pan '' to replace our aging skillets . The product discription says it is a stick-resistant pan that wo n't react with foods . We have tried to use it 3 times , following all manufacturer 's recommendations/instructions and EVERYTHING sticks . We called Calphalon , and were told by the Customer Service Rep that `` Everyday Pan '' is just the `` style '' and that this pan is intended for BROWNING AND SEARING only . Excuse me , Calphalon , but I can brown and sear in any pan I currently own . Why would I purchase a pan with only one purpose ? We were also told that you can not cook any foods that contain starch . This pathetic pan is going back . I 'll stick with my well-seasoned and trusted cast iron . It may be heavy , but I know it works for more than one purpose .
 I was very disappointed that the finish is easily scratched . The pan was in the sink waiting to be washed and I found it scratched pretty badly from I could n't figure out what . There was nothing there that should have done that . My husband researched the finishes and thinks the infused finish must be the better quality one . I got this pan on sale , but it was originally pretty expensive . I 'd say it was way too expensive for such poor a quality finish .
 this is n't a user review because i mailed this garbage pan right back to amazon with two other calphalon pot/pans from the same line -LRB- commercial hard-anodized -RRB- . the good reviews written about this and other calphalon cookware pieces from this line are dated . all recent reviews for the most part are negative because the product is from china not u.s.a. and the quality is crap . you can clearly see machined grooves on the surface and the handles just do n't look like they are made good . i love amazon and have never returned anything to them before but honestly they should n't sell this line from calphalon . even calphalon does n't sell it on their site -LRB- i wonder why ? -RRB- . i opted for analon products and so far i am very pleased . they also have sales on their site which are better than some of amazon 's prices . if you want quality non-stick without breaking the bank then check out analon advanced cookware . hope this helps save some people the cost of return shipping .
 I cook everyday , but I have to say this pan is very disappionting . : - -LRB- 1 . It STICKS more than any stainless pan I 've used , that 's unbelieveable .2 . The thin handles BURN my fingers , and they are difficult to work with when I do stir-fry , such pan should have a long handle that allow you to pour the food out , with ease .3 . It takes longer to heat up than stainless one.I wonder how it got such good reviews . I will never buy Calphalon again .
 It is no saving especially if you feel your time has some value , and you recognize that ordering and returning cost you time/money . It is simply not true that Amazon is selling these things for 10c on the dollar . Amazon is selling vastly inferior product for a lower price . Not even Calphalon itself lays claim to them . -LRB- See actual statement from Calphalon itself , below -RRB- . I 'm returning mine for poor quality materials and workmanship , plus manufacturing defects of several deep scratches on the lid . Notice all the negative comments about the Amazon-sold Chinese line that people have written . Read closely and note that the positive comments actually refer to the US made product . Amazon consumer Be Aware and Beware of deceptive Amazon product descriptions and product advertising/promotion . Here is the official statement from an email to me from Calphalon - -LSB- ... -RSB- : The product that you have purchased from Amazon.com is one of our olderlines - our Commercial Hard Anodized cookware which has been discontinuedover 3 years ago . Most of our Commercial Hard Anodized cookware wasactually produced here in Toledo , Ohio , with only a few promotionalitems being produced overseas . The line that has replaced our CommercialHard-Anodized line -LRB- which is our Calphalon One Infused Anodized -RRB- isentirely made here in Toledo.As far as Anodized finishes are concerned - they are actually not acoating of any kind . Anodizing is an electro-chemical process forblackening , hardening and sealing aluminum surfaces . Typically markssuch as scratches and scuffs may be easily removed by buffing with adry , green Scotch Brite pad . Anodized surfaces are actually 30 % harderthen regular stainless steel.The above is their complete , unedited response . I sure wish sellers would be as honest.Moreover , kudos to Calphalon for recognizing that quality is important , China ca n't deliver that , and returning all manufacturing to the USA.It 's nice that Amazon has a 30-day return policy . But would n't it be nicer if they sold quality products and with honest advertising - products that did not have to be returned for shoddiness or manufacturing defects/damage ?
 I purchased this , and the small sauce pan right before the holidays , as they were on sale for a great price . I thought Calphalon was a reputable brand . I have used Magnalite Anodized Aluminum Cookware for YEARS , and it was finally showing some wear . For health reasons , I knew I had to replace them once the dark coating wore off to show the shiny aluminum . When the pots arrived , I noticed that they were paper thin , compared to the Magnalite , but decided to give them a try . I never wash my pots in the dishwasher , and follow all recommended cooking and cleaning instructions , yet the dark coating has already wore off the bottom of both of the pans I ordered in several spots . -LRB- within a month of use -RRB- I know for sure that this is a health hazard , and the pans are now useless.PLEASE DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE PANS !
 I hated this calphalon . Food sticks everytime and cleaning is a nightmare . I am almost at the point where i want to just throw it away . Will never buy again .
 I 'm a huge Calphalon fan and have over a dozen pots and pans which I love , but this one not so much . EVERYTHING I 've ever made in it sticks . It lives on the bottom of the bottom shelf under a stack of other pans and I would only pull it out if every other pan in my home was dirty and they cut off my water so I could n't wash anything .
 I have seasoned this pan three times and still , EVERYTHING sticks !!! I am an experienced cook and have never been so disappointed ! Also , you can not use cooking spray with this pan as the manufacturere does not recommend it . I do have to say the lid fits nicely .
 I have n't received this item yet . It has already appeared on my credit card bill , though . I just wrote to the seller asking whether it had been shipped . How do I get my money back?CTA
 This product is not good at all . It heats up very quickly and things get stuck very easily . I bought this item because price was too good to pass . But after I used it for couple of times , I had to trash it . It 's of no use .
 could not beleive at the price , but when i got the product i realised why it was so cheap , it has got a weird bottom which sticks to everything once the temperature is slightly high .
 This pan can not be put through the dishwasher . Had I known I would be scrubbing by hand , I never would have purchased it .
 I liked this pan for several weeks . It was a good size , lightweight , it browned meat well and was very affordable at Amazon.com . It did show some minor quality control problems , it arrived with a tiny scraped bare section right in the middle . It seemed to work well enough anyway , though it never was perfectly non-stick . -LRB- Do not cook eggs in this thing , even when new . -RRB- Then the nightmare began . A single -LRB- fairly small -RRB- burning incident led to utter destruction of the usability of the pan . Total , completely dead , no more pan -- uncleanable with EVERYTHING . It was impossible to use afterward . I now have it sitting around waiting for use as a bulb vase or similar non-cooking use.Never again.I wo n't have any more of this brand .
 according to Caliphon customer service
 I was disappointed with the non-stick claim . It sticks . Maybe over time it gets better .
 THE WORST PAN I have ever purchased . EVERYTHING STICKS . Going back to my old brand . I will NEVER buy anything Calphalon again . NEVER EVER !
 These non-stick pans are not what one expects in performance . The pan can not be used with high heat or the teflon coating peels off . If you wish to sear food on high heat it is a big problem . I do not feel the company totally prepares or informs the user adequately to this major malfunction . I informed the company of my displeasure and was told to send the pan to them , at my cost , for evaluation , Meanwhile ; I am out a daily used frypan . I would not buy an overly costly Calphalon non stick product again . All my pots and pans are starting to show signs of deteriation . Not what I expected for my $ 500.00 investment .
 This is the worst pan that I 've ever used in the past 15 years!When I ordered this pan , I thought this should be a non-stick pan , but the first time I used for chicken , it was very sticky and chicken meat sticked to the pan and broke into pieces and looked a big mess . Oh terrible ! I hate this pan and would never buy this brand of utensils any longer ! I am very disappointed after using it .
 I bought a complete set of Calphalon cookware . It was very expensive but I wanted something that would last . The non-stick coating on all but two of the pans deteriorated after only a couple of months use . I took very good care of the cookware . I returned four of the pans -LRB- very expensive -RRB- . They would only replace one of the pans . They said that I misused the cookware ... not true . I must say that the replacement pan has worked very well . I would never buy Calphalon cookware again . I have pans purchased at Walmart that have lasted longer than the Calaphon . If I could use a no star rating I would .
 perhaps there are some things this pan may be good for but for general sauteeing , frying etc. it does stick more than other pans . Additionally , it is very large and difficult to store , 16.5 inches across the handles .
 This Item has ` nt been shipped to me . I ordered it on 12/19/06 and the amazon site says it will be shipped on 3/28/07 . Thats it nothing more to say . I am disappointed with Amazon this time .
 Listen to the bad reviews . I did n't and regret it.From day one this pan has been awful . I could n't even cook bacon without half of each slice sticking to the pan 's bottom . BACON ! It gives off grease as it cooks for christ 's sake . I had to scrape the slices off the bottom of the pan . This pan exhibited NO non-stick behavior what so ever . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 After reading and following instructions for first-time use , I attempted a large cheese omlette for my family . . What a disaster !!! Not only could I not get it loose to fold it over , I had to pry it out in pieces . The omlette ended up being a scramble . To get the pan clean , had to soak it in hot water , then use scouring powder and a Scotch-brite pad . I 'm giving it to Goodwill ...
 This pan was not worth the money . Everytime I use it , I lose a lot of what I am cooking due to the sticking and it must soak in hot water for hours just to be cleaned . Not a good pan .
 I bought this Calphalon Commercial Hard-Anodized 12-Inch Everyday Pan with Lid in order to try to get away from non-stick surfaces that may affect your health . My health is in greater jeopardy now because I want to jump out the window after using this piece of junk . I 've used 12 '' non-sticks to cook eggs , hashbrowns , pancakes , etc. for 25 years , and I 'll be buyiing a new non-stick today to replace this garbage product . I read all about cooking with anodized cookware on the instructions and on the Calphalon website . Cooking with oil is a deathwish in this pan , food sticks like it is coated with contact cement . The best results came from cooking with butter , but who wants to do that all the time ? I am severely disappointed with this item , really hoped I would be able to move away from non-stick surface coatings
 Food stuck to the pan.Clean up is extremely hardIt is only good for boiling eggs.I think those good reviews might from the seller . This is really a piece of junk . Everything stick to the pan when I cooked . Steaks came out terrible . I got better result with T-fal pan than this brandname cookware . It should be trashed and not to be sold on AMAZON !
 Was very disappointed in my pan . I did everything it said to do and my food stuck and left 2 white spots on the bottom . Looked like coating came off . Am trying again though .
 This pan is cheap because it is awful . Every thing sticks on it . I threw it out , and I 'm going to buy a better one like I had before . It was very expensive but you get what you pay for .
 I agree with those who say that the Chinese-imported Calphalon is inferior . Even though I took care of this pan , after 1 month it is already -- oxidizing or something . Very disappointed !
 I am disappointed in this pan as food gets stuck VERY easily to it and it 's not easy to get out . I guess the only consolation is that I can use a steel brillo pad to get all the stuck food off and it does n't seem to really affect the pan . The listing says it is `` stick resistant '' but food sticks more to this pan using more oil than using a regular stainless steel pan with less oil .
 I RECENTLY BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT . EVEN WITH OIL EVERYTHING I COOKED IN IT STUCK REAL BADLY . I THREW IT IN A LOCAL DUMPSTER .
 As a personal chef , this pan is great for mutiple uses . The width of the pan helps cook food fast and maintains flavor .
 this pan is too heavy for me . i much prefer the circulon elite 12 inch covered deep skillet .
 that I have ever purchased . EVERYTHING sticks to the bottom and it requires a long soak to just to loosen it up enough to clean . After trying it half a dozen times both on stovetop and oven I cleaned it one last time and gave it to GoodWill .
 I 've had this pan for 2 years now , but I 'd say I 'm very dissapointed with it . The pan was rusted with orangish colored n it and had a rough surface . It was also discolored . Not worth buying ...
 I own other Calphalon pieces . I 've owned better cookware from Walmart that cost less than 15 dollars . This piece is useless . Everything sticks to it . It is impossible to clean . I literally threw it away after owning it for 3 months .
 Used it once for some light frying and the bottom of the pan is ruined.Returned it as soon as possible.I agree with some other reviewer , something is fishy about all those 5 star reviews .
 I bought this `` Everyday '' pan , plus a 21/2 quart sauce pan at the same time with the `` Commercial Hard-Anodized finish '' because she loved the Calphalon omelet pan I got for her four months ago , and I thought that these would be a good addition.The two Commercial Hard-Anodized pans we received three weeks ago do n't compare in any way to the omelet pan she loves . The omelet pan has been used every day for four months , and cooks and cleans up well . It was made in Ohio and has a much better cooking and `` clean-up '' surface , with finished and polished stainless steel handles , while the two pans we recently received were made in China , and are of very poor quality.The Chinese manufactured pans have cast aluminum `` rough '' finished handles , and both pans burn and make the food stick , no matter what heat level is used , and no matter what type or amount of oil is used . Trying to clean them completely is useless.I 'd sent both of them back to Amazon , except I was stupid enough to throw away the shipping box and packing materials without cooking in these pans first.So , they most likely will be given away to a local charity , and some other poor sucker can get stuck with the frustration , while I 'm still out of pocket almost $ 60.00 for two pans that are worth , at most , $ 12.00 . These last two pans are the worst purchase I 've made with Amazon over the last three years . I 'd rate this item O stars , but the form wo n't let me .
 Can not heat water in this pan with out it sticking . The worst piece of cookware I have ever own goes in trash . Would not want to give it to goodwill to be sold for a buck .
 I usually pass the review request as I am mostly all right with the products . This time I really feel bad and I have to come here and say this is worse than the cheapest pan I used . It is slow to heat up , heavy to manuever , the worst thing is
 Look carefully at where the spout is mounted . If you fill above this line , with the lid on tight , when it boils , boiling water shoots out of the spout . And the lid fits so tight it is hard to remove without burning.I 'm suprised to see this still being sold .
 I really loved my tea kettle until it began to leak at the weld line where the spout attaches to the kettle . Needless to say I was none too happy . But , Calphalon was really nice about returning / replacing.We 've had our replacement for about 4 months and now we are getting corrosion at the same weld line . I am getting pissed off , Calphalon usually has high quality , but this tea kettle sucks .
 Another leaky teapot ! I 've had this teapot about 2 years now and it developed a leak at the weld joint on the spout . I was going to return it , but after reading the other reviews the scrap yard sounds like a better place for it . Previous to this , I had another style anodized teapot from Calphlon , that one did n't last either . Maybe they should get out of the teapot business and stick to pots and pans .
 It 's a lovely tea kettle , but mine also started leaking where the spout is welded to the body .
 This kettle has so many design flaws I do n't know where to start . It does n't whistle when it boils so if you leave the room you could have serious overflow before you get back . The spout is at such a steep angle that it often pours beyond the cup . The shape -LRB- especially the angle -RRB- of the handle means that it gets very hot -- I ca n't hold it without a pot holder -- and your hand gets scalded by the steam when you pour the water . Mine also already started rust on the outside.I purchased this kettle about six months ago and I 'm going to have to now buy another one .
 Who had the bright idea with putting the spout so low that this thing will boil thru so easily ? since it does n't make any noise that it is boiling , you know when the water start to burst thru the spout area and it is not a good thing . And what is up with the leaky spout in the weld area anyways ? Welding is a skill that if done right , it would NOT leak ! The handle will get hot so wear your glove . On the plus side , the stainless steel looks very nice which is why i bought it in the first place . I use to have a cheap tea pot that cost half the price of this one and it was more reliable -LRB- lasted 2 years -RRB- so that just goes to show that just because it cost more , it do n't mean it would last longer . Mine start to leak after 4 months . I am going to buy that cheap one again if they still makes it.Overall , i can not recommend this tea pot due to the spout flaw .
 After several months of use the spout leaks at the weld point . This is the SECOND time I will be returning this teapot for the same issue .
 i never would spend 60 + on a tea pot and now because of the look of this one , i did . it leaks after one year . what is up with that . ? who do i call or can you return it ? i have no box or receipt .
 If I could put a negative star on this product I would . I purchased this item becuase I have always believe that Calphalon made quality products . I was so disappointed when , after only three months of use , the spout began leaking . Upon further investigation , I noticed that the spout had rusted away from the body of the kettle ! I then flipped the kettle over and saw the `` Made in China '' lable proudly stamped to the bottom of the kettle . I was no longer suprised that the kettle fell apart , just angry that I spent my hard earned American dollar on such a piece of junk . I 'll never purchase Calphalon again - I 'd be getting the same quality from an item purchased at WalMart .
 I used the kettle for about 2 months before it began to leave hard to clean deposits inside the kettle . After regular cleaning and observation , I believe it 's not the water I 'm using that 's the root cause . There 's a certain ` mineral ' leak at the weld/rivets of the handle to the body that 's causing it . My guess is glue/gum is being used as part of the process to attach the handle , and it 's being melted away by the constant high temperature usage.This is one of several kettles I 've owned and by far the most one . I thought by putting more money into it , I 'd get a better quality product . It 's back to shopping for a better one .
 I had to return not one but two of these kettles as the spout leaks -LRB- at the weld point -RRB- after a couple months of use .
 I do not like this product . I bought this to match my stainless steel appliances and I do not use it that much . When left on the stove unused and empty , produces condensation on the inside of glass top and water collects on the bottom . It also leaves hard to clean spots on the inside bottom of tea kettle where the water collects .
 I spent a great deal of time last fall searching for the perfect tea kettle . I absolutely loved this one . It was sturdy and held a lot of water . No whistle was the only drawback . Then it started leaking suddenly one day and almost a full pot of water quickly drained into my ceramic cooktop . I was afraid it had ruined the stove . It leaked under the spout . After reading other reviews , it seems that I 'm not the only one to have this problem . It 's a shame because it is one of the only kettles that does n't have a handle get in the way of filling it and has an attractive design . Now I 'm back to square one ! Anyone have a good suggestion for a replacement ?
 We used this kettle for several years , and it worked just fine . We did have an issue with getting our hands burned from the steam , but kept potholder handy to solve that problem . The main reason we are not using it anymore is that while filling my cup one day , the spout fell off into my tea . OOPS ! Thats not right!Called Calphalon to see about having it replaced , but was informed that they dont offer it any more . They said to ship it back and they would give me a certificate to use for another Calphalon product . Bottom line
 Absolutely fell in love with this kettle , it 's design is gorgeous . It 's so pretty that I always left it sitting on my stovetop and got tons of compliments on it . Well ... I 've had it less than a year and I have the same problem others have mentioned , corrosion at the spout . This was my very first piece of Calphalon and I did n't worry about the price because I expected to have it forever ! I have babied this little tea kettle like you would n't believe ! Always hand washed it and immediately dried it , we only use a tea kettle once every couple of months in my house ! I 'm gon na try to reach Calphalon for a new -- and different - kettle , as I 've just decided the new cookware I want for Christmas is a Calphalon set , their customer service reaction will be extremely important !
 I bought this pan about a year ago . I used it a few times for braising , which requires heating the pan at medium-high heat to sear the meat . I found that , when heated , this pan warped significantly so that it did not sit flat on the stove , and thus when searing meat , it did not sear evenly . Over time , the warping got so that the pan did not sit flat even cold . I sent the pan back to Cuisinart as defective a few months back , and they sent me a replacement , which I received a couple weeks ago . I used it for braising for the first time tonight , and , just like the last pan , when it got hot , it warped such that it would not sit flat on the stove , and searing was uneven.This is a beautiful pan with a great stainless surface that cleans up wonderfully . But the pan just does not perform . The reason I rated the pan 2 stars instead of 1 is Cuisinart customer service . They replaced the pan no questions asked , and I suspect they 'll take care of me in some way when I call back this time . but if you want a pan that does n't require customer service , look elsewhere .
 This poster was not overall worth it . I loved the picture but not so much the material of the poster .
 Poster had wrinkle damage upon arrival . Not significant but if you have a keen eye its enough to bother you . I 'm gon na try putting it in a frame and see if I can smooth it down and reduce visibility ... Not very happy with this purchase.I 'll update after I get it framed .
 I received my poster and was immediately disappointed to find the seal on the tube cracked in half . Upon opening the parcel I found the poster to be SEVERELY water damaged . Must say , very disappointed in this purchase .
 I bought this poster as a package deal with the Love weapon poster a week ago . I have the receipt in my email box that says i paid for both of them and that they would come in the same box . this contradicts what i got because the package just arrived today and i only got the Love poster . What the heck Amazon ! I would like it if you would send me the items that i bought ! You lost a little bit of my respect today amazon . i hope you get your crap together in the future if i ever buy from you again .
 This poster was never sent to me . The other posters I ordered with it also came at least 10 days after they were supposed to get here . Can I get a refund ? Or the actual product ? Thank you .
 Cord is way too short to use in conjunction with an appliance garage . It might have worked if the manufacturer had the cord exiting from the non-control end of the unit .
 My husband and I could n't agree whether to give it 1 or 2 stars . It looks fine and it has n't broken - the buttons have n't drooped off or anything but at the end of the day we bought it to cook toast and boy it 's slow.I put the first set in when I was 35 and recently turned 42 before it was done . Would be quicker to put the bread out on the balcony in the sun . The elements do n't even visibly glow but it gets there in the end . So if you 're not in a rush it 's OK but frankly disappointing .
 I also received a mattress that did not have a recessed pump or repair kit , was not in `` like-new '' condition , and a `` manual '' that stated there was no warranty . I advised Amazon and they provided for return of that mattress and shipped a replacement . The replacement is exactly the same . I emailed them again and received this reply
 This bed does not have the recessed pump as advertised , so it will not fit into a bed frame . Instruction manual also states that it is sold as is . Here is the Disclaimer word for word . `` This product is sold AS IS . There are not express or implied warranties whatsoever . Aero disclaims all express and implied warranties , including the implied warranty of merchantability and all warranties as to fitness for a particular purpose . `` So folks , would anyone buy this thing if Amazon had mentioned this lack of warranty and not promoted this as a recessed pump model ? I do n't think so .
 I 'm not real happy with this product . We have used it two times and the air does not stay in it . The bed is deflated by morning .
 Not as good as said in the description , very uneven heating , slight overheating can spoil the pans.I am already looking for new pans.Quite unsatisfactory
 Absolutely loved this huge roaster at first . Then , the 4 points where the metal rack touches the bottom began to wear through the non-stick lining ... soon , big strips of lining were coming off , and the rack itself rusted something terribly . I 'm now afraid to use it since the lining sticks to food and I 'm not sure of its safety for ingestion . I 'm trying to find a way to have it repaired .
 This item was obviously designed by commitee . What they laughingly call a charging base is nothing more than an inconvenient holder . It is impossible to charge the unit while on the charging base . How stupid is that ? Why bother ? Do n't even include that part and lower the price.As far as opening cans it is difficult to use . Had an older model and it was better .
 I ca n't get mine to even pierce the can , takes 10 minutes of fiddling around to get it to pierce the can and then maybe it will open it half way . Save your money !
 this can opener is garbage . it opened a couple of cans , then quit . if you pushed it along , i could get it to open maybe half way around . now i get nothing . no matter how long you recharge the thing , it does nothing more than make a grinding noise and stops . does n't even start to open the can . do n't waste your money .
 Although the wire is cheap , the bottom line is with the shipping and handling fee it is cheaper to buy a replacement cheese slicer and you will get more than one wire . The fee is 5.95 to ship it to you .
 For the amount of shipping I paid for this , you would think it would be shipped in something other than an envelope . To top it off , it didnt even really cost that much to ship . All that was on it was a normal stamp . I would not buy this again .
 This toy chest is exactly what we were looking for . It is very large to store plenty of toys and the top detaches . The problem is it was extremely difficult to assemble . In fact , I almost returned it because the sides just would n't connect . After trying several times and using a hammer and sitting on it , we managed to get 3 sides assembled and it was enough to hold it . We decided to keep it rather than go through the hassle of returning it . After all the abuse it took to assemble it , I think it will hold up to anything a child could do to it .
 Durability is fantastic , but problems with the lid made this item useless to me . The lid is large , heavy , and not attached to the box . This makes it difficult for me and all kids to manouver , and no matter how many times I put it behind the box , it somehow manages to find its way to the middle of the floor and is always in the way . Also , the chest is large with one separater to divide the it in half - no real way to organize . I found this just became a junk box . So I moved it to the garage to keep her outdoor toys in , and used another organizing system for the toys in my 3 year olds bedroom .
 I had purchased the blue one years ago for my son . Now that I have 2 girls , I wanted the one in pink . I ordered it and waited to receive it . I got it when they said I would , which was great ! To my disbelief , the product was dirty when taking it out of the box . Customer service worked with me and was going to give me a discount to keep it . I put the toy box together -LRB- which is not difficult -RRB- , however , it would not go together right . The one end piece tab would not fit into the longer piece . This caused the toy box tabs -LRB- inside -RRB- to not stay in place . Plus , when the lid was put on it was crooked . I was so disappointed . I returned the product and now I can not find one anywhere . I am going to have to go with a different toy box . I was let down ! The girls do not care either way , but it was a sentimental thing for me .
 Two of the eight plastic clips that hold the sides of this toy box together have all ready broken and it has only been put together for about a month . My daughter is not big enough to play rough with it yet . She 's not even big enough to get her toys out of it . The toy box itself looks sturdy , but the clips that hold it together sure are n't !
 Well , after reading the reviews I knew it was going to be hit or miss on whether or not we could assemble this toy box . It was so cute and matched my granddaughter 's room so perfectly that I ordered it . We could not even come close to getting this toy box assembled . The pegs on the four brackets used to hold the box together were not even close to matching up with the grooves they were suppose to fit in . We held this box so many different ways trying to make it fit that we finally gave up and sent it back . This is poorly made and I recommend buying one already assembled if you still want it .
 The lid to this toy box is defective and I will be seeing what I can do about it , we put it together night before my grandbabys 1st bday party and the plastic underneath on one side is defective and so thin and crushed in ... I am not happy !!
 Do not waste your money on this toy chest ! I purchased it for my granddaughter as a gift and it is of poor quality.Plastic was warped so would not connect properly . My son did not want to bother to repackage -LRB- too large -RRB- and return after experiencing difficulty putting the warped pieces together .
 This toy chest has manufacturing defects . It is not molded properly , and the sides/bottom do not fit together . I returned the first one for a new toy chest , assuming it was a one time deal ... Alas , the second toy chest ALSO had this defect , and so it is being returned for a refund.I did call Little Tikes as was told that it `` happens '' sometimes , and that I `` probably got two toy chests manufactured in the same plant . '' Thanks , Little Tikes.Shame , because this is proudly labelled `` MADE IN THE USA '' all over the box .
 Although this Little Tikes product is well constructed and tough , there is one major drawback that is so aggravating that it negates any positive attributes . In order to get into the toybox , because of the way it is constructed , you have to take the lid completely off the box . Because of it 's `` dome-like '' shaped lid , you can not lift it up with one hand to retrieve a toy with the other . If you do , the lid completely falls off , or turns upside down , obscuring the opening of the toybox . So , every time this toybox is opened , the lid must be completely removed and set aside . It 's very user `` unfriendly '' to an adult , so I can imagine how difficult it will be for my young daughter to use as she grows up .
 The large capacity of this toy box as well as its durability makes it worth its price . The dividers are great to separate the Barbies from the tea sets . The only part of the toy box that I am disappointed with is the way the lid `` hinges '' on the box . Basically , it does n't . It 's hard for my daughter to open it without the lid falling off the slight hinge between the box and lid . It requires precise lifting for it to work properly . My husband solved the problem by installing actual hinges on the box .
 I bought this lovely toy box for my daughter ... She use to keep alll her dolls in a pile on the floor and I got tired of finding toys all over the house , so I bought it.It has seperators so the dolls go in one spot and the big toys go in the other ... It 's a pretty pink and white so it matches her bedding , and there are no sharp edges on the box so it 's safer for younger children ... Now I 'm happy cause there is no mess.This is a Great Sturdy toy box ...
 Shipping took longer than usual so we did n't receive this until the day of my daughter 's bday party , so when we unboxed it to put it together we were quite unamused to find it was missing both side pieces . Literally useless ... Very disappointing and frustrating ...
 I thought this was the cutes toy box , and large to boot ! But ... what good is the size of it if it will not stay together . The sides snap together and do not stay together even with nothing in it . Too bad .
 I like this toy box.Now , why it gets a 1 star is because the product picture is wholly misleading . You can not -LRB- underscore ! -RRB- lift the lid as show in the picture . Meaning they 've rigged the picture to give the impression that it 's hinged . It 's not hinged . The top falls off at a lesser angle unless against a wall . `` Lid detaches for safety '' is their way of saying the lid is n't hinged?Anyway , boo for them . I still would have bought it , and still like it a lot . It 's great construction and massive inside . I even like that the lid is vaulted . But you do n't have to lie .
 I love Little Tikes Products , but they didnt get me on this one . The box is huge !! awesome to have the playroom , living room and bedrooms clean , organize and also play `` cleanup '' or have a `` cleanup '' lesson with your kids . What it really matter here is how safe it is for my kids , The lid completely turns off , in the picture you 'll see a girl holding the lid with one hand , i dont know how they did it , the lid is heavy and everytime my daughter -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- try to open it it falls off and have crushed her fingers too . It 's really a pain . We finally decided to completely removed the lid and leave it like that .
 I would not recommend this . The capacity is huge , but it is very difficult to assemble . I broke one of the pieces that holds the sides together trying to get it in place because I could n't pull the pieces close enough together . I emailed Little Tikes and they promptly sent replacements free of charge . I eventually got it assembled by using a ratcheting tie-down to pull the pieces close enough to get the connectors in . However , I noticed a couple of days ago that one of the connectors has popped out .
 i bought this toy chest for my little girls toy i thought it was the perfect chest after searching and searching for one but once i received it and tried to put it together for whatever reason the pieces would not fit together my dad , husband , mom and myself tried and tried and nothing , then we found that the pieces were made wrong.So i just returned it thats too bad too i really liked it ...
 I would love to order these for my bathroom . Problem is it would be impossible to decide how much I would need . It states that the tiles are 12 `` x12 '' and there are 9 tiles in the box , while it also states that one box covers 63 sq ft !!! Maybe I was asleep the day they covered this in math class , but that just does n't make sense !!!!! Which is it ?
 I have 9 of these things ! They are roomy and sturdy right up until you need to wash them . After that , they are small and start to fray . I was excited when I first received them , but now I am rather disappointed . It did n't matter if they were dried in the dryer or not . I washed some and hung them to dry and they still shrunk and wrinkled and started to tatter after a couple uses . Then I washed and dried some in the dryer and the result was the same ! I would have to say now that I do not recommend this product .
 This product is of good construction but the mounting plate is unpainted metal . I have to purchase some paint to finish the job if I want it to look nice .
 Sorry for my - not so good English .402 it self is ok , it is quiet when used on it 's two lowest speed-setting , furthermore it consumes only 15-20W worth of power -LRB- 220volts -RRB- and despite of the low power consumption , the air flows through quite nicely even though it is using `` paper filter '' technology . The filter is large.Speed one is really quiet if the filter is clean , but when it gets some dirt the fan speed increases causing it eventually reaching some resonant speed with whistling sound . That is annoying to hear when trying to sleep as the slightest variation of grid voltage makes a sound disappearing and re-appearing . . But this is not that big problem . Speed two is nearly as quiet , but does not produce resonant noises . Other thing i like is that 402 does not produce 50hz `` grid noise '' . But getting a filters is something that pisses me . Locally -LRB- Finland/Joensuu -RRB- there is no place to get them , not even the market i bought had never any replacement filter to it . Did n't found any online store near me to have one . Then i tried purchase it through Swedish online dealer . They replied me in Swedish , but soon as i asked to have it translated they ignored me and replied nothing . Finally i ordered a filter from amazon.com . They do send it . But when writing this , the filter is sitting on Finnish customs and again the price is going up . So i can be happy IF finally i get a new filter with less than 100 . So i wo n't never buy a filter for 402 again , but continue to vacuuming and blowing the filter with compressed air until it -LRB- they -RRB- will rip a part . Has already do so god knows how many years for the first filter . so can it anymore be called a HEPA filters , do n't know ... When , or if a bearings of the blower gives out , i wont miss my 402 after throwing it to metal recycling . btw , bearings still are quiet , so i expect them to last many many years.-Reijo
 The item is made in China . Not Sweden.The warranty duration is 1 year ONLY as opposed to the misleading/deceptive statement by Blueair on the box of this air purifier.Box says 10 year , warranty document within the box says ONE YEAR ONLY . Deceptive , misleading .429 dollars for a MADE IN CHINA item is a huge waste of money .
 The main reason I paid 437 dollars for this air purifier is the statement on the description page here on Amazon in relation to the duration of warranty . 10 year warranty.I received the unit , the packaging says the product has 10 year warranty too.But the warranty booklet that comes out of the box says the warranty is for 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- YEAR ONLY.This is very very disappointing especially since the price is exorbitant for an air purifier which is MADE IN CHINA.I contacted BlueAir , they have not responded at all . Amazon customer service has responded though.Thank you Amazon . But it seems all they can do is issue me a refund , not enforce the warranty terms and duration.It is the responsibility of the manufactuter to honor the warranty terms.And Blueair has not even replied.This is cheating customers , lying to them in order to sell.It is completely unethical .
 apart from other problems already noted by other reviewers , the worst problem about this bed is that it has no flat sleep surface . the surface is made of uneven parts , some high , some low . watch out because the picture above is misleading . i tried two airbeds and both have these problems . the aerobed has it both longidutinally and horizontally . the other bed was only longidutinally but both were terrible . it ' s like sleeping on one rock here , one rock there . why don ' t they make these with even flat sleep surface . they would sell more . + leaks and it can not be used at anything but full pump . it sags terribly . at full pump the uneven sleep surface makes it very uncomforable to sleep . it is so uneven that it can stop the circulation of blood to various limbs if sleeping for long time on same spot . very dangerous.Overall
 I was not able to used this at my house because it would not let me close the cabinet 's door . the corners need to be in a 45 degree angle , or something because the way it is you will need a bigger than mine 14 '' cabinet door .
 The Fun Factory Waechtersbach products are made in China , not in Germany . The ceramic and color have a different look and feel .
 I bought a lot of these containers in 4 different sizes . They are great if you do not put them in the dishwasher . The lids shrink just enough to make it extremely difficult to put them on the container , even when placed on the top rack of the dishwasher . The container seems to be OK but the lids do shrink . Luckily I realized this before it happened to all of them . Otherwise they are great containers but you need to hand wash the lids which is a big minus in my book .
 Waste of money . It broke after about six months then we could n't get a replacement part for it . I would n't buy this product again . Customer service was even worse .
 I did not accept the item and I will not order any furniture on line any more . They wanted to leave the table out of my house . They could have arrange with me to pay them more inorder to bring the table inside . I could not do it alone . This is some thing unheard of to deliver the furniture to your door . I have alredy purchased another table and I am very happy . Please credi my account as soon as possible . Thanks .
 I never received this item and it resulted it a credit back to my credit card - I am disappointed
 The set is Great for the price but not good quality what I expected .
 The pictures are great but the product is not half as good ... the grey is dull grey and looks faded and ages old!material is flimsy and so thin that one can see through if they held it up ... poor quality . . not worth the price mentioned . . its a marked up price to show a great discount while the product is hardly worth even the discounted price ... completely disappointed with the buy !
 I did not purchase this item from Amazon , but bought it from a pricey local kitchen gourmet store . My husband and I gave it to ourselves for Christmas . We have owned it nearly 2 years now.Pros
 The good features about this machine
 Worked okay for 1 year . Like others , not hot enough . Grinder broke then machine stopped working . Lot of money for only 1 year use .
 For about 5 years I owned a Krups dual -LRB- coffee and espresso -RRB- and after frequent use it finally passed way . Friends who owned a coffee bar in Oregon recommended a Capresso for my espresso needs , and I figured that if that machine was great , that the coffee maker should n't be bad , so I took their usually sound advice.The machine arrived quickly and after unpacking it I found the first sign of a problem-the drip spout was n't attached to the filter holder . I called Capresso and they quickly and cordially sent out two free of charge . Two weeks into using the machine , I found that the goldtone filter had pulled away from its plastic housing . The bulk of the machine is plastic and even though it looks good , it feels flimsy . Called Capresso again and they wanted to charge me $ 17 for this piece ; told them it was two weeks old and that it should last longer so they are sending another one free-haven ' t received it yet.In other reviews I read that the water heater and heating element did n't work well-just assumed that these people like their coffee really hot . Wrong ! The water comes out at 175-180 degrees and the heating element does n't work well at all . Thank heavens for a microwave.I 'll save the good parts for last . It does make decent coffee because the beans are ground just prior to brewing , and it 's an easy machine to use and clean . Much easier to clean than the Cuisinart a friend has.Yes , I 'm disappointed that I spent $ 199 for this and am not happy yet , and probably never will be . When it goes to coffee maker heaven , I 'll look for something without a Capresso label . Ditto for my espresso maker which I 'll buy in a couple of months .
 I have had this coffee maker for 14 months several months ago numbers on the display started going out now they are all out , the machine still works but I have to measure beans into hopper and push start twice to get them all to grind , after reading other reviews and talking to friends this is a common problem . Way to much money for a machine that is going to last a year . I emailed the company with problem they called the next day , sent me a return ups label , I shipped on a Wednesday and got my coffee maker back the next Wednesday . Hopefully the company can correct the problem with the display however I got great service even though it was 2 months out of waranty .
 I 've been using mine for almost a year now . I 'm ready to give it away or stick it in the garage and go back to my much more simple but effective manual grinder & Melitta and heating the water on the stovetop . This product is an epic fail . I 've been using it because I spent 200 bucks , but my patience with it has worn thin.The just-brewed coffee is much too cold , having to let it sit and warm for another 15 minutes after the long 10 minute brewing process . We 're talking almost 1/2 hour wait to get a hot pot of coffee . I have n't measured the temperature like a previous reviewer did , but I know what lukewarm coffee is and what hot coffee is - without having to bust out a thermometer and measure the temperature.The grinder is poorly designed . There is a plastic chute that the coffee must travel through to get to the filter , which is almost perfectly level , meaning the ground coffee just sits there in the chute with little coffee making it to the filter.Apparently , the engineers at Capresso have n't heard of gravity , or do n't believe in it . With some much more significant slope and a much shorter chute , gravity could take over and this problem would be overcome.Also , even with the bean holder full there is n't enough weight from the beans to push them down into the grinder . If it is only half full forget about getting even close to enough of the beans to grind -LRB- and get stuck in the chute -RRB- . With the problems I describe above , it is necessary for me to coax the coffee into the filter holder by tapping on the top of the machine while it grinds with one hand , and on top of the chute with the other hand . Forget about setting the timer to grind & brew while you sleep . Never does enough ground coffee make it to the filter without me coaxing it along.What ? No heated carafe for 200 bucks ? Just a bunch of plastic ? This thing is overpriced to the extreme.I regret my purchase very much .
 We have had the coffee maker a little over 2 years and brew one pot a day . After using it for 12 months the display started to quit functioning and became blank in about 30 days . We have continued to use the coffee maker since we spent so much on it but have finally given up.Seeing the others here that have had the same problem it is clear this is a flaw.We are going to go with a different manufacturer .
 I decided to try this one when my Melitta Mill n ' Brew finally died and figured that for the two hundred dollar price tag , it was probably good . Bad decision on my part.PROS
 I received this coffee maker as a gift from my wife . It is a nice looking machine , and although the coffee is n't very hot and the brew time takes longer than it should , we enjoyed it.Just after the first year we had this machine , half of the LCD display stopped working . We had to pay to send it in for repair , as it was no longer under warranty and Capresso did n't consider it a defective part.We got the machine back finally and the LCD display was white as opposed to black , not as originally sold . They must have run out of black LCD parts from fixing the other ` non-defective ' machines.Then , less than a year later the machine broke again , this time not moving the water from the reservoir into the filter basket . Another call to Capresso and it 's almost 100.00 this time to return it.We spent 200.00 for this coffee maker initially , then 80.00 for the first repair and shipping , and they wanted an additional 100.00 to repair it again.We expected to have a reliable coffee maker for the price . We 're disappointed and decided to purchase a Cruisinart instead of sinking money into this obviously sub-standard machine.Don ' t waste your money on Capresso coffee makers .
 I owned the Cuisinart grind and brew for almost two years . Then I learned about the Capresso . I liked the Cuisinart , but I thought this one would taste fresher with more of a coffee shop taste . I was wrong . I found that this one like other people have stated , does n't heat up and keep the coffee as hot as the Cuisinart . The hot plate does n't stay on for four hours like the Cuisinart does . This one only stays on for two hours . Since I work from home , that is a big inconvenience for me . I had to invest in a separate carafe just to keep the coffee hot longer . I drink organic coffee from Trader Joe 's so the coffee beans that I use sometimes are a little oily . The beans frequently get jammed inside the burr grinder , and I have to jump through hoops to try to get them out . This includes emptying out the coffee bean holder , then turning on the coffee maker so it grinds , sometimes that does n't work , so I have to turn the whole machine upside down and turn it on again -LRB- advise from customer service at Capresso -RRB- . After all that , I then have to refill it and put everything back together and start all over again to get a pot of coffee.The clean up is much easier then the Cuisinart , but with all the hassles I have with this one , I am contemplating going back to the Cuisinart or maybe trying another brand that I saw at Wal-Mart for a much less expensive price . All in all I do regret buying this coffee maker because when I paid $ 250 for a grind and brew coffee maker , I expected a whole lot more for my money then the $ 99 I paid for the Cuisinart brand.If you found this review helpful , please click yes . Thanks !
 We bought this grinder and coffee maker combo to replace our Cuisinart Grind and Brew -LRB- which was a mess to clean and quit working after 9 months -RRB- . This Capresso machine is very easy to use and very easy to clean . Unfortunately , the coffee is not hot enough for our standards . Once poured into a cup , it cools VERY quickly . Also , because the grinder measures out the amount of coffee to be ground for each pot , it uses less coffee than we would choose for a 10 cup pot of coffee . The result is weak coffee . We are returning this machine and purchasing a Technivorm machine instead .
 Totally Dead , just 13 short months after purchase , and frankly I 'm releived . If you like strong coffee , or have to make a pot for a group , then this machine is n't for you . The water dos n't get hot enough to truly bring the flavor of the beans out and the grinder does n't produce enough grounds for a full pot of stong coffee . The manufacturers standard -LRB- and only -RRB- response is to use less water.The parts fit together poorly , especially the basket . While not a chore to re-asemble , I cant say the things just `` drop right in '' . This machine eats coffee at an alarming rate . If you purchase this unit , like I did , you will need to settle for using somewhat of a excessive amount of coffe or inadequate amount of water to get your brew tolerable.My major complaint is about myself . I should have returned it the day I got it .
 While the idea of grinding the beans fresh and brewing the coffee is a good one , this maker needs more engineering.First , the coffee made with already ground beans is weaker using the same amount than my $ 29.00 maker.Second , the temperature of the coffee is not high enough . The coffee is not hot enough even after sitting in the pot for an hour .
 Got this coffee maker as a wedding present . We 've been happy with it for a while until a few months back when problems with the `` elegant , illuminated white-on-black display '' started to go on the fritz , with some numerals not activating . Through frustrating , we could live with this.This morning , I tapped on the display , hoping to get it to work again . Rather than working again , it fell back into the coffee maker . Figuring I could just open it up and pop it back in place , I turned the unit over to find proprietary screws holding it shut.I called Capresso for help with this and was told that I had to send it in to Pennsylvania for repairs at a cost of $ 45 -LRB- almost a quarter of the original cost of the machine , and more than enough to buy a new coffee maker and grinder of almost any other brand -RRB- . Outside of that , they would not help me.As far as I 'm concerned , this is a total , catastrophic screw-job . Thanks for nothing , Capresso .
 Firstly , it makes an outstanding cup of coffee ! Of all the coffee makers I 've owned and used over the years -LRB- dozens , easily -RRB- , this has made the best by far . However , I give it one star because of the cheap material and build of this - EXTREMELY - expensive coffee maker . After a little over a year I was cleaning the front of it and without using much pressure , the digital display popped off and fell inside the coffee maker ! It was impossible to fix without taking it apart , which I did n't do . However , after fidgeting with it a bit I was able to move the display -LRB- still sitting broken inside the coffee maker -RRB- enough to at least tell how many cups it was set to brew . However , after after a few weeks I was n't even able to see that much.I very carefully removed the bottom of the pot and discovered that the only way to fix the display was to pull off the face plate . Again , without using much pressure I pushed on the face plate and it literally shattered into several pieces like a glass you may have dropped on the floor . Now all of the wires and electronics are exposed and I 'm not certain I trust using a coffee maker that looks like a safety hazard . $ 200.00 for a coffee maker and it 's not even built to the quality of a $ 29.99 `` Black and Decker '' that you 'd buy at Wal-Mart . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 We 've had 2 of these machines , the 1st when the model was initially introduced and it was the only grind and brew on the market . We were delighted with the concept , as neither my husband nor I are good at measuring coffee to make the perfect cup of coffee . The machine made a really good cup of coffee with little fuss.Alas , the first machine ceased to function -LRB- the arm would no longer automatically move from the grind position to the brew position -RRB- . It broke at a time they were introducing the new model , so it took a while to be able to find a new one . Once we did find and buy machine two , despite having light use , it is now broken as well -- it no longer heats water and sends it to brew.These are expensive coffee makers to have such poor longevity . We will buy no more .
 We previously owned a different Capresso coffee maker that made fabulous coffee , so when it broke after many years , we bought this model . Unfortunately , it 's nowhere as good . If we use the same amount of coffee we used with all other coffee makers , we get weak coffee . Also , as many reviewers mentioned , the temperature is not hot enough . Given how expensive this coffee maker is , it is definitely a disappointment .
 I 've had this unit for about 18 months and simply stated , it 's been disappointing . The carafe is cheaply made . Coffee spills out on the counter easily when it 's full as you pour so keep a sponge handy . Most aggravating as cited by other reviewers is the fact that the coffee simply is n't hot enough when freshly brewed and it does n't stay hot enough on the warming plate . The water tank overflows if you do n't pour slowly enough with the charcoal filter in place . I eventually took the charcoal water filter out and it was far easier to add water . Filter your water ahead of time and forget the charcoal filters in this coffee maker and you 'll be better off . Having to move the filter basket from right to left in order for the unit to brew is a pain because the filter parts have to be perfectly in place and perfectly lined up or it wo n't move . Those parts can be really fussy and if you are n't patient or somewhat mechanically inclined , you 'll be aggravated . The `` fill and forget '' coffee bean canister on the top is a nice feature but it 's not a nice enough feature to make up for all the short comings and the long price on this unit . This unit works OK but it 's cheaply made , way overpriced at $ 200 and it has too many quirks and is too poorly made to recommend it to anyone.Here 's an update as of June , 2009 . The LCD screen has now failed on the machine and the display is worthless . The machine can no longer be programmed ahead of time to brew because you ca n't read the time clock . Of course it 's out of warranty which is a blessing because I now have a great excuse to toss this junker . I will likely replace this unit with a Keurig or similar machine after some research .
 This machine worked very well for a few months . Then the grinder stopped working . I diligently cleaned it following the directions in the manual , but it still does not work . It is way too expensive for a machine that will brew , but not grind coffee .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife and she loved it , at least until parts of the LCD display began to disappear -- now we have to guess how many cups it will make , etc. . I contacted Cappresso , and they will repair it for only $ 75 -- which is more than 1/2 the cost of a new maker . Given how common this issue is in reviews , it 's pretty clear this is a design problem with the coffee maker . Bottom line ; makes great coffee , but a good chance that your LCD will go bad and then you are stuck . This is our last purchase of a Capresso machine .
 I had great coffee at a friend 's home , and they had this identical coffee maker.I bought one , but I am so disappointed !!!! The timer does not work , the grinder does not coordinate with coffee maker , and the entire plastic component is physically `` OFF '' . The lid does not sit properly on the top , the dripper basket sits to the side of the larger portion of machine , not quite centered , I have to press real hard to the left so the hole lines up and water can drip . Speaking of drip ... it keeps dripping even when glass pot is removed , plus the coffee is never hot.Since I did not inspect the machine at my friends , I never noticed how poorly manufactured it is , the plastic seems very very cheap . -LRB- Fisher Price makes better quality toys -RRB- I ca n't find my receipt , or else I would have returned it.So I am stuck with this expensive , `` too big for the counter '' , poorly functioning , cold coffee machine .
 This is the third one I have had . First one worked great till a stone was in the hawaiian coffee beans I used and jammed the burr grinder . Second one digital panal was broke right away . Third one digital panel broke after 3 years . I m not buying any more .
 I have experienced some of the same problems that others have already listed :1 . Temperature and brew time are substandard .2 . The display started losing some of its elements some time ago.I 've had it for about four years and have not had any other problems , but it averages less than a pot a day.It is incomprehensible that Capresso makes such a piece of junk and expects you to pay a premium price.Still , I like it for convenience and taste so I 'll look seriously at the new version but I will approach it like its Made in China . They definitely have n't earned my loyalty and only merit my recommendation that you spend your money elsewhere .
 My husband bought this coffee maker for my birthday last June . For about 6 months it worked perfectly . Now it has started making the coffee so strong that it looks and tastes like mud . I make 4 cups in the morning and have had to pour it out because it uses a half of hopper of beans . We called customer service and they told us to send it back and they would send me another one . The one they sent is worse than the one I returned . My husband called today again and was spoken to very rudely by a customer service rep. Would I recommend this coffee maker to anyone ... NO .
 I have owned this coffee maker for approximately 2 years and today the display disappeared . When trying to turn the coffee maker on it automatically turned itself to the lost power setting . After a few minutes the machine started to grind all on it 's own and started smoking . Had to rush to get it outside . A call to Capresso customer service got me the comment that the machine could be repaired for the cost of $ 75.00 plus shipping . Needless to say the only place this thing will get shipped to is the landfill . Save your money .
 Bad luck most likely . Did n't like how the ground coffee had such a long path into the filter - the grinds could be from a day or two ago -LRB- not `` todays grind '' -RRB- . Unit had to be returned due to non functioning cup level control .
 I 've had this coffee maker for a few weeks now and I 'm returning it tomorrow . I 've tried everything but it makes luke-warm coffee . I even called Capresso and they told me that their coffee makers brew at 180 degrees . Well I put my candy thermometer in the pot this morning and guess what ? 160 ! Way off from where it should be . It 's a great design but they are missing the most important part ... good coffee . Guess I 'm going back to a Cuisinart which at least brews a great cup of coffee .
 Well , what can I say . The thing worked . At a pre-set time in the morning , the grinder would commence and the coffee would brew . I did n't have any trouble figuring out how to work it . I 'll have to admit , it was kinda nice to wake up to the smell of coffee without having to do any work.Couple of problems , as before mentioned
 We bought one , loved it and after several years bought a new one . Also , bought one for my Mother-in-Law , Sister-in-Law and Aunt . The digital readouts on all four machines have broken within 6-18 months . Capresso says we can send the machines in for repair at a cost of around $ 100 . Four out of four machines bought at different times tells me that this is a design flaw . Capresso clearly knows about this , but is unwilling to fix the problem . By the way , this only seems to apply to newer machines with the orange/red backlight .
 I have had this coffee maker for about 2 years . After about 1 year , the display slowly started to die but I could still discern # cups I wanted so I dealt with it . Now it is totally dead and although the machine still works , it is worthless because I have no way of programming it . Way too expensive a machine to malfunction so quickly .
 Waste of money . It broke after about six months then we could n't get a replacement part for it . I would n't buy this product again . Customer service was even worse .
 This glass used to make this teapot is very thin and fragile . The filter cracked very early on and then the pot itself broke when being washing . Also , it lost heat quickly and did not keep the tea warm . Bodum customer service was no help and did not stand behind their product .
 I buy the salad mixes from the grocery store that come in those disposable plastic containers , and wanted to buy something that would keep them fresher longer . I followed the instructions on this lettuce keeper ; put a little water in the bottom , and opened the vent . It did nothing to prolong the life of the lettuce any longer than the disposable container that it comes in.On top of that , the plastic lid cracked open after two weeks of use , so I 'm returning it for a refund
 I was very hopeful when purchasing the lettuce keeper because we are always throwing out bad lettuce . Unfortunately this did n't lengthen the shelf life of our lettuce at all . We buy the organic baby spring mix and it goes spoils at the same rate as when we leave it in the original packaging . Maybe this item works with whole heads of lettuce or maybe the veggie drawer in our fridge is amazing ...
 This does not do what it claimed . I followed the directions and the lettuce turned brown before the week was up .
 I have had this product for seven months now , and I am still not sure on whether or not I like it ... My old Tupperware lettuce saver that was half the size of this one was fabulous but I unfortunately lost it , so in turn I bought this . It does not save my lettuce as long as I would like it to . The container suggests that you turn the tab so that the holes are `` open '' NO , I would not suggest that . I have found if you place a little water underneath and close the tab so the holes are covered your lettuce will last a lot longer than if you do it the recommended way .
 I purchased this lettuce keeper with the hope that it would work - against all odds and reading the bad reviews , I purchased it anyway , along with the berry keeper and vegetable keeper . This keeper does NOT work at all . My lettuce stayed fresh longer in a zip lock bag . Would not recommend and I 'm sorry I wasted about $ 80 purchasing all the progressive products to keep my lettuce , berries and vegetables . Do NOT recommend . Save your money .
 The lettuce turns brown within a couple of days ! It is a nice size for fitting in the refrigerator .
 Washed this in the top rack of the dishwasher as directed , and the top and bottom plastic parts , which are soft plastic , got out of shape . Now can not get the lid on . Good idea , but worthless without a working lid .
 I thought this would be the perfect thing for keeping my lettuce from going bad week after week . From the very first time I bought this container the top lid would not stay closed . The lip of the lid is too narrow and does not fit tight ; it came off all the time . I do n't know if this was caused by the container getting wrapped from shipping but it does not fit good at all . I would love this container if it had a wider lip to cover the product better . It 's going to Good Will .
 I use a salad spinner to wash and dry everything but there was really no improvement in storage length . Spinach/mixed greens only lasted about a week which is the same as if I left it in the plastic container/bag . I also bought the fruit and veggie keeper from the same company but the result was the same . I had moldy cucumbers within the first week , which is actually worse than if I just stored them in the crisper.I 'm still giving 2 stars because they are convenient containers for washed veggies . Do n't get your hopes up thinking that anything will last 2 weeks though .
 I bought this specifically to keep lettuce . I follow the directions and kept the lettuce and the next day it was wilted and turning brown . I made some adjustments to see if maybe I was doing it wrong since I saw great reviews from others , and still not great . I keep my lettuce in a big ziplock and that seems way better than this . I have not tried it for any other vegatable so maybe it works better on other food stuffs .
 I bought this item the beginning of March 2012 . It 's been 6 months and the lid has a tear in it . That nullifies the seal so the lettuce is not keeping . At the price and other reviews of how good it was , I am extremely disappointed
 I eat leafy lettuce , not iceburg ... leafy or romaine hearts only and for years I 've used the iceburg crispers -LRB- those ones that are kinda round -RRB- ... recently mine fell and broke and so I thought I 'd try one of these guys out ... As directed I added water to the bottom , opened the vents and within 2 days , had wilted lettuce . I tried closing the vents half way and same thing . When I closed the vents completely I got rotten lettuce ... Not sure what the trick here is folks but lettuce would last for WEEKS in a crisper and all I had to do was rinse ... . guess I 'll be hunting for one of those today .
 I ca n't vouch for the product because I never got to use it . I put the lids in the dishwasher and they were wrapped by the heat and were no longer usable . Why ? Because , I was lazy and did n't read the instructions . So now , I am passing on this knowledge of this product onto you . I hope this helps .
 I purchased this because I was tired of my salad going bad before I could use it all . The concept seemed like a good idea . After running it through the dishwasher , the bottom `` lid '' warped and it ended up leaking all over my refrigerator drawers . I was constantly cleaning up water . I ended up buying the tupperware ones and am very happy .
 I was very excited to have this at first . After the first week or so the lid has become unstable and warped , it will not stay on tight and come 's off in the fridge -LRB- it has hardly been through the dishwasher -RRB- .
 I tried storing some rinsed and dried lettuce in this lettuce keeper and some in a plastic bag and there was no difference whatsoever in how long they lasted . but the lettuce keeper took up a lot more room in the refrigerator . I do n't see any need for it although it 's nice looking and the top stayed on fine . I bought it like new at the thrift shop so I guess the first owner felt the same way , and I donated it back .
 Returned this item . Did n't keep spinach fresh as long as I thought it should . A loft of commotion for what you get from the product .
 Love the concept of keeping Spinach or lettuce fresh and crisp vs. soggy and wet . I bought this item with the sole purpose to eat more greens -LRB- spinach salad -RRB- for lunch or dinner along with grilled chicken , onions , cheese and dressing . However , my mother and sister buy only what they need at the Copps grocery store - self serve salad bar . According to them , it stays just as fresh in the plastic containers and is more cost efficient , and they get to choose how much they are taking so food does not go to waste . After using it for 1 week , I washed the container and has been sitting on my breakfast bar since . Recently , I bought spinach and thought I 'd give it one more shot . I may possibly give it to my mom for her birthday instead of returning it . Hope this review helps you as I know it 's hard to read all these reviews when it 's just best to see for yourself ! Everyone has their own preferences and what they 'll end up using it for . Good luck !
 Beware unsuspecting consumers ! Look elsewhere for a lettuce keeper or you too will fall victim of the `` Mystery of the Lettuce Keeper Lid ! `` That 's right ! You store your lettuce , secure the lid and WHILE YOU SLEEP ! Ahhh ! The lid curls up in the and creeps it 's way off the top of the keeper!Okay , so the lid is shallow , cheap , thin , flimsy and hard to put on securely . I was willing to work with that ! BUT ... One night in the Fridge AND ... . It 's a nightmare ! Apparently , this product comes with little gremlins who pry open the lid while you have visions of sugar plums dancing in your head . Ee-hee-hee-hee ! Head my warning ! If you buy this product , do n't sleep at night or gremlins will take over your fridge .
 I have been trying to find a salad crisper that actually works . I bought this one and tried it a couple of times without any satisfaction . It kept my romain lettuce dry but not crisp . I was originally using a large container that I purchased from the dollar store and will be going back to using that . It keeps it dry and crisp for a very long time and it only cost $ 1 . oo . Save your money and do n't waste your time buying this item .
 I bought this with high hopes . I had a lettuce keeper that kept my salad crisp and fresh for a week . I bought this product and have been terribly dissappointed . I will buy a bag of salad and store it . Within a day or two the lettuce is brown and wilted . Unhappily I need to purchase a different one .
 This might be a great product , but the lid tore within a week of my first use and barely stays on now . Plus , I 'm pretty sure that defeats the whole purpose of keeping it sealed and from freezing .
 I bought this product . I hate it . My lettuce spoils faster then in the tupperware lettuce keeper I had to replace.I am not looking for something to replace this thing . I do not recommend it . Too bad I ca n't return it .
 I bought this because of all the positive reviews but after using it I must say my lettuce lasted no longer then it did when I stored it in a plastic bag . The directions say to pour a small amount of water in the bottom and open the vent for keeping lettuce fresh . This only seems to make the lettuce turn brown even faster . The only good thing about this container is I can place freshly washed lettuce in the container and it will drain well . -LRB- Acts as a colander -RRB- That 's why I 'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 .
 This company knowingly sent out a damaged product with missing parts . Hard to contact this outfit and when you do your ignored . No integrity or shame .
 I own one of these in my vacation home , and it is a great product ! I decided to buy one for our full-time house as well.However , I placed the order on Dec. 13 , and received confirmation on Dec. 14 . Amazon 's expected delivery date was Dec. 21-27 . As of Jan 5 , it still has n't arrived . I checked the FedEx site , and they tried to deliver it to someone with my same name in Pottstown , PA. . Pottstown , PA ? Seriously ? It sounds like some dock workers were working too many hours during the holiday season !
 In order to take advantage of a lower list price and free shipping , I ordered the 3 - 1 cherry finish table with chairs directly from an Amazon third party retailer via their website . Big mistake . The furniture arrived 45 days after my initial purchase date . Of course , my credit card was charged for the full amount the day of the order . I called repeatedly and received pre-recorded message . When I finally got a human I got the song and dance that my order was on the way . One company rep even advised me at the four week mark , that the table was in stock but the chairs had to be back ordered . I told the sales agent that I did not want to wait another month for my order and to send my table now . No chance of that happening.Two weeks later both table and chairs arrived . Now the nightmare really begins . Both the table and chairs arrived in the original manufacturer 's packaging . The table top had obviously been dropped and was damaged on its side . One of the pool ball drawers was crushed from the weight of the center column which was packed in the same box . The red and white pocket rings were missing . The black felt was littered with white specks from the foam packing material . Overall product protection was poor . It did n't take us long to realize that the laminate finish scratches very easily . The table is made up of nothing more then low density fiberboard and glue . Its not something I 'd recommend . With the exception of the constant tightening of bolts , the chairs are okay and are still standing . Coaster is the manufacturer.After repeatedly calling the company about the damage and missing ball hole rings , I was offered an option of returning the set for a refund or exchange . I offered to fix the damaged table top myself in exchange for a partial refund . I asked for a replacement ball drawer and pocket rings . The company representative offered to credit my charge card for one tenth the price of the table and agreed to send me replace parts . The refund was finally credited to my account 60 days later . The ball drawer arrived four weeks after the card had been credited . It does n't fit . I 'm not holding my breath on the pocket rings ever arriving . Needless to say , customer support is totally non existent to these scammers masquerading as legitimate vendors . The fact that they are still listed as an Amazon third party retailer is amazing.Warning to prospective buyers . Beware of these sharks swimming in the Amazon pool and any Coaster made product .
 I knew there was trouble as soon as I heard that the box had opened and the cartridges were loose . Upon inspection , I noticed that these were complete JUNK . What 's more , there 's some kind of black gunk used to seal the caps , 50 % of which protrude from the tops.I 'm going to call Amazon and demand a refund and can not fathom how anyone would give these a positive review . There 's NO WAY I would even consider using these on anything that I was going to place in my mouth.From now on , I 'll stick with the gold standard cartridges at a much higher price ... you get what you pay for !
 Out of the fifty cartriges only about twenty worked . The gas gave the cream a bad taste and the part of the cartridge that gets punctured were mostly crooked and off center which caused me to get frost bite from the gas spraying uncontrolled and they caused my canister to get damaged the puncture tip got dulled making it more difficult to screw on more cartriges
 Terrible . Cream tasted foul and oily . Do NOT use this product if you want usable cream without nasty aftertaste!Blech ! Chefs of the world make a nasty face at this terribleness !
 I purchased this item to use with a whip cream maker I have been using Whip-it ! brand chargers with . After researching several brands for replacement chargers I felt this item would be compatible . It does say that it can be used with ANY whipped cream maker on the market . They do not fit and when I attempted to return the item it says it can not be returned as it is a hazardous material . Also when the product arrived it was not packaged as if it were a hazardous material . The items were all over the inside of the shipping box .
 Lets just say I did not buy this Item to compress whipped cream and I was very disappointed . The product is cut down very significantly and after using 2 boxes it ruined my cracker with whatever impurities are in the air they replace the good stuff with . I honestly would n't even want this touching my food but if you do n't mind replacing your crackers over and over and that 's your sole intent in buying this then have at it.Delivery was late , Product is otherwise as advertised .
 I have tried many brands of N2O and they are not all created equal . Whip-It 's are cheap for a reason . If you do side by side taste comparisons with the leading brands you can really taste the difference . These have a very strong industrial metal taste to them . From extensive reading it has to do with the production standards . Whip-It brand is made in the U.S. and the standards here , even medical/food grade are much lower . Get your N2O from Austria or at least some part of the E.U. Look for tripple filtered or Ultra-pure . In the long run , if you 're into purity you 'll be much better off and happier and healthier . This brand is toxic , it 's worth spending a few more dollars for something better , like ISI , Ultra-Pure Whip , or LeLand .
 The worst purchase made ever . They do not work at all . I am disgusted that they could be sold with a clear conscience .
 I ordered whipped cream chargersWhip-It ! Brand
 The cartridges are as advertized and work well in my Whip-It ! Brand whipped cream maker . The package it arrived in however was not satisfactory . The outside box was a typical Amazon box with their big smile on the side . Inside was a much smaller box that should have contained the cartriges . There was no packing material in the Amazon box so the smaller box was loose inside and in many pieces , the 50 cartriges were loose . It would have been nice to have the smaller box to store the 50 cartriges in .
 I use an iSi dispenser . -LRB- 2 actually , 1 for sweat cream , the other for savory mousse -RRB- . But these chargers BLOW . There is no consistency from one charger to the next . At times I would have to use 2 chargers to get the consistency I wanted . Other times I would add one charger and the thing would act like a solid rocket booster!Buying iSi chargers from here on out . They are more expensive , but if you are taking the time to present your meal / dessert in this fashion , then a couple extra cents should not matter.Also when they arrived the individual boxes were open , the shipping box was poorly taped so there were 100 little aluminum chargers rolling around the bottom of the box and I was not going to take the time to audit 100 chargers . Very disappointed .
 This product does not come in a whip-it box . I have no idea whether I actually received whip-it brand chargers . The chargers were loose in a garbage bag inside a very sloppily-taped envelope . Return address was &#34; Ruby One Investments . Located next to Nail Salon &#34; . Ridiculous .
 Tried using these in a soda water dispenser and the water came out tasting metallic , syrupy , and soapy . Just gross . Total waste of money .
 I purchased a newwhip-It dispenser because I assumed the problems with the one I had were caused by misuse by the previous owner of our coffee house . I was wrong . The new one sucks even more . I often waste a cup or more of whipping cream before the stream starts to stiffen . When I find an alternative , there will never be another whip-it in my shop .
 Waste of money . It broke after about six months then we could n't get a replacement part for it . I would n't buy this product again . Customer service was even worse .
 I purchased this fan as an upgrade to a different patton fan . It appeared to be built better than my other patton yet after only three months it died . I am so disappointed and I feel like I should get my money back . Unfortunately , I never keep receipts so the best thing I can do is inform others of how bad and disappointed I am in this fan . Look elsewhere should you want a reliable workhorse fan .
 I liked the LOOK of this fan , but unfortunately it has to go back . You get to the end of the assembly and then you find that the front grill cover wo n't attach to the back . After struggling with the cheap plastic rim that is supposed to lock onto the back grill for about 30 minutes I gave up ! Even if there 's a chance you might get it to fit , good luck next time if you need to clean it or if the grill bends just the slightest bit you 'll likely never get it re-attached . Did Holmes test this design ? It 's NOT functional and it flat-out does n't work !
 Kitchenaid produces this cover for all of its stand mixers , but the fact is , it does NOT fit their line of Professional Series mixers . I called the company , and they said the cover is actually sized to fit the smaller stand mixer and will be two inches too short when used on the larger professional stand mixers . Kitchenaid 's slogan is `` For the way its made . '' Well , this product is n't `` made '' like it should be . When it 's mounted on my stand mixer , it looks like a person wearing pants that are too short ! It looks pretty rediculous in my kitchen .
 In the product 's title , it says , `` Fits all KitchenAid stand mixers '' . This is not true . I purchased a 600 professional series model which is almost 17 inches high with a list price of $ 499 and KitchenAid has the nerve to send this piece of garbage that leaves the entire base of the unit exposed . What a disappointment ! After spending quite a bit of money on the mixer and attachments , I was excited about my new purchase until I saw what they sent as a cover . It looks attractive and is well made , but it does n't come close to fitting the professional series mixer . One would think that a mixer of this quality and price would at least have a cover that fits .
 My mistake was assuming this product is the KitchenAid cover made by KitchenAid . The picture shows a mixer cover very similar to the real thing , down to what looks like the `` KitchenAid '' tag on the left . Very misleading . Instead I received a generic cover made with poor quality materials -LRB- no `` KitchenAid '' tag sadly to say -RRB- . The pocket is so flimsy and thin that if I put my accessories in it , I doubt it will carry its weight because the pocket will just rip off eventually . The `` heavyweight quilted cotton '' as advertised is not so heavyweight , it 's more like a quilted linen cotton with very thin padding . The real KitchenAid cover is actually made with a heavyweight quilted cotton that feels like canvas and it has a sturdy pocket -LRB- I have one -RRB- . Needless to say , this product is going back to where it came from . Lesson learned . You get what you paid for . So disappointed .
 The top of the cover wo n't go all the way down as the top is made to small for the mixer and if you have the bowls sitting on the mixer it wo n't come down far enough to cover them . So I do n't recommend this product at all as it wo n't cover my KitchenAid Mixer as they claim . . KitchenAid KMCC1WH Stand Mixer Cloth Cover , White with Black Trim
 Says it fits `` all '' Kitchenaide mixers but not so . If you buy -LRB- as we did -RRB- a Kitchenaide mixer that has the bowl that can be raised while still in the mixer , it is about 2 '' too short . But it is too inexpensive to send back so I think I 'll use it for a toaster . : -RRB-
 This cover is too short to fit my Kitchen Aid mixer by about 3-4 inches.Very nice about it when I complained-offered to return my money and let me keep the cover , but I had already returned it by that time .
 The ad cearly represents this mixer as BY KITCHENAID ~ it is not ! it came with no packaging , no tags , not brand name , and doesnt even fit the mixer . MAD MAD MAD
 While looking for a cover , I think I had decided on the real kitchen aid cover and then got mixed up and bought this one -LRB- the picture is similar -RRB- , not realizing it was n't the one I had chosen.After receiving it , I was reading the reviews that talked about it being too short , which interested me because mine was too long and it just looked floppy . Apparently I had to put the bowl on it to add more girth , which took care of the extra inches , but now it is unsymmetrical - it bulges out in the front and sags in at the back , which bothers me more than it should.You get what you pay for , and I wish I had paid the extra five bucks for the brand name one .
 This item would have been nice for an appropriate size mixer . The description stated it fits all size KitchenAid mixers , which is not the case . I have a 6-quart mixer and found this cover to be too small . I therefore had to return it . If you own a 6-quart mixer , make sure the cover 's information states that it fits a 6 - QUART mixer !
 I gave this cover as a gift and am sorry now I did not read the reviews first . It was advertized as fitting all Kitchenaid mixers but it clearly does not fit the professional series even if you take out the bowl and splatter cover . It was a good price and quality .
 I bought this for my new kitchenaid mixer . It came from a company in Florida . I tried to put it on my mixer and it did not even come close to fitting . It said it fits all kitchen aid mixers . NOT TRUE . I called the company and they said they would send me a postage sticker to send it back . They did , but the post office would not take it , as it was dated for the week before , even though I tried to return ASAP . So I Paid to ship it back . I called the company again . They said they would credit account and refund my postage . Well , it ended up It cost me to ship it back as they did not refund that amount . Not happy with this company and Amazon . I tried to complain to Amazon , but got no where with that . The add is false advertising , as it does not fit . It was at least 3 + inches too short and the top barely fit , and since it was material , when washed it would never work . Amazon , take this off your site !!! Goodman 's was the name of the company . FALSE ADVERTISING !!!!!
 cover too short for mixer , a total rip off . product should have been tried on mixer be fore being offered for sale
 Just remember the old adage
 This bean bag is ugly , very poor quality , very uncomfortable , over priced.Small , might be good for 2 yr old child.We storaged it in its original box for our next yard sale !
 This product is from Shakers & Thangs.The product was great ; more than what I had hoped for.However , the delivery time was extremely long . It was delivered 2 weeks after the delivery due date . I had to make a direct phone call to Shakers & Thangs to get them to move on it . If you order from this company , be patient . It will take a long , long , long time to get your merchandise . I will never order from Shakers & Thangs again . Terrible service !!!
 The Ironing board was very difficult to install . When mounted , it was not flush to the wall . The board did not open flat and if I tried to push it down , the wall mounting moved . I disliked it and sent it back .
 I have the `` full size '' ironing center which is n't full size at all . The system although installed by a carpeter the first time and our builder 's foreman the 2nd time did not stay anchored to the wall . It frequently fell off taking quite a bit of drywall with it . Most newer homes have metal studs in the wall and this system is n't compatible with metal studs . The cover just sort of hangs on the system and you literally pick it up so it 's not really great for families with kids either.Great in theory but not the worth the money at all . We now have the traditional ironing board that hangs on the wall and you take it down to use it . Sometimes , you are better off sticking with the `` old way '' .
 I would n't recommend this to anyone . It 's tippy and too wide and the cover ripped after using it for a minimal period of time .
 I was expecting a very solid product and once mounted it has a lot of give and it feels like the hinge it is mounted on is too loose . I may have a mismanufactured one , it does n't seem right to me , I will keep an eye on this to see how it goes , but for the price I am letdown so far .
 I bought a peeler so I can peel thin slices of apple for beauty mask purposes.I was too lazy to take the subway for 10 minutes to target so I bought it online instead . Worst mistake ever . When it came -LRB- pretty fast shipping -RRB- , the first thing I noticed was a piece of tape on the knife part of the peeler . Pretty good for safety purposes ... but when I tried to take it off , it was impossible ! ... I thought it would be one of those pieces of tape where you rip and the entire thing would just come off . I had to tear it off piece by piece . That was okay ... When I started to peel the apple , I realized that if I did n't use more strength ... the peeler just slides over the apple and does n't peel anything . When it finally starts peeling ... the apple came off in CHUNKS . If it comes in chunks , I MIGHT AS WELL HAVE JUST USED A KNIFE.Worthless crap piece of peeler . Do n't ever get it .
 this did not work well for our room . Though it is cute , I would not recommend . It did not help out for my sons congestion , left the room feeling cooler but did not get the sense that their was any moisture to help out his little nose . Gets dirty quickly and if you miss a day or 2 without cleaning , it starts to smell up the room . Do n't put it up too high cause it can start to leak.We 're going to try to a warm mist one instead .
 This was great at first , now it leaks non-stop no matter what I do . I regret buying this ! Plus , it is a pain to dump every day and refill the reservoir , which the directions say to do . Do n't be fooled by the good reviews . I would have left a good review too if I had written it right after purchasing it .
 I bought two of these humidifiers at the start of the season based on the many terrific reviews here . One stopped working 1 week after purchase -- having followed all the directions and appropriately cleaned it . The other worked for two months , started to cut in and out and now is totally defunct . I believe the problem is a malfunction in the water level sensor which shuts the humidifier off when there is inadequate water -LRB- which is n't the case -RRB- . All in all , a waste of money as well as the time it took to unsuccessfully troubleshoot .
 It worked Ok until last week the handle on the water tank was broken . You can imagine the mess , water all over the bedroom , carpet and mattress damaged.I called their customer service . They told me that I should always use 2 hands , rather than the handle to hold the water tank , and the handle is just for putting the water tank on top of the base.This is ridiculous ! Yes this is printed on the manual . But the print on the manual does n't make a defective design any better -- why did n't they design a more steady handle , or remove the handle entirely ? After all , how many users will remember that the handle ca n't be used to hold the water tank each time they refill the water tank , when it 's designed in such way that it looks exactly like what it is for ?! They told me I can get a replacement water tank for $ 18 . I did n't bother to do that . Got a Relion at $ 29.99 at Walmart . 1.8 Gallon and much more powerful than Crane .
 I 've just purchased 3 crane humidifiers -LRB- frog , elephant , and hello kitty -RRB- . All run fine but the hello kitty one . The first one I received has a sticker on the bottom of the tank pointing to the nebulizer . It was not working at all and I guess this is a returned defective one and they do n't even bother to fix it and repackaged it and sell it like new again ! Then I did an exchange and guess what , the next one I received runs only about an hour and the nebulizer stopped working ! I hope this is just an isolated incidence and others who got the hello kitty one will have better experience than mine . If you want a more stable one , choose frog or elephant . Though hello kitty is quite cute for girls !
 This product worked great for two nights . Night # 3 - it did nothing . It looks like the spring mechanism that releases the water into the reservoir is n't being triggered . There 's no green light and therefore no mist . A replacement is on the way from Amazon , so hopefully the replacement will work better.UPDATE 12/8/08
 This humidifier worked great the first time we used it . My daughter has a cold and we brought it out again , the second night the plastic water reservoir cracked badly and about half a gallon of water leaked out . I read other reviews and we are not the first to experience this problem . Apparently the company does n't pay shipping for returns so it 's not even worth returning it and going through the hassle.I would not buy this product again.Also it did not originally come with the water filtering cartridge so I had to buy it separately .
 It 's adorable and works great ! I used it mostly at night when I sleep . However , the motor will die within a year . So only buy it , if you do n't mind spending the money to replace it every year .
 I was so excited when I came across these humidifiers . They were so cute and I wanted them for my kids bedrooms . I started by buying the frog and the cow.The frog always worked better than the cow - great mist , but both were more than satisfactory.This satisfaction lasted THREE days . I put them on at night and for some reason on the third night , when I went in to check the kids , the frog was leaking all over the nightstand . Further investigation showed that the body of the water tank had come away a little from the rest of the frogs body and was leaking . I had some silicon handy so I quickly patched this up and it seemed that all was well.Night FOUR the cow sprung a leak . He developed cracks down the length of his body - where the water tank is - leaking everywhere . He was a lost cause so I very sadly packed him up and returned him.My son was so disappointed that I decided to replace the cow with the Penguin - I know - can you believe I went back for more ?? I just thought these were so cute that I desperately wanted to get one that worked!To cut a long sad story short - the Penguin lasted 3 hours - as soon as I filled him up he sprung leaks out of his power switch and front button - water poured everywhere . I could n't believe it . My husband is furious and I have to say i am really disappointed too.I was seriously starting to wonder if there was something wrong with me but I assure you I was fastidious in following the instructions with the Penguin and he was our biggest tragedy!The frog is semi surviving . I can only half full the water tank and then he works.I noticed on the other review mention of the switch version versus the no switch version . I had two switch ones and one no switch - all pretty much failed equally.I am frustrated that these are not working and that the reviews are so high - as people like me purchase based on these . Fingers crossed I get my refunds.Sorry folks but it is what it is . If you give them a try - keep the boxes a week and look out for leaks.UPDATE19 July - frog is now dead too .
 Pretty lame . My wife goes to set it up , `` it 's leaking '' . OK - I go and try my hand . Leaking like a sieve without plugging it in yet . Besides it leaking - why would anyone design the water fill on the bottom of the tank ? And putting a decorative handle on an egg shape -LRB- holding a gallon of water + / - -RRB- and then saying do n't use it as a handle ? 1 out of 100 -LRB- the one is for the limited cute factor -RRB- . Not a good buy .
 I bought this unit two months before . It worked great until now . Two weeks before it started blowing vapor from bottom and stopped pushing vapor from its mouth . Today it completely stopped working , would not make any vapor . It does not know anymore that it has water and always has empty tank indicator when the water is in the tank.It was great while it worked . But it is highly unreliable . It was n't very expensive to buy on the bright side .
 The humidifier worked fine for a couple of weeks . The design looks pretty cool and our 2 year old daughter loved it . The cold steam that comes out is visible , and that gives a pretty good feeling that its working.But , once we forgot to switch it off and it kept running without water for sometime at night . That melted the plastic at the bottom that holds water , and making this completely useless .
 We were excited to set up the Cow Humidifier in our grandson 's room . After following the instructions and getting it operating , it suddenly made a very loud noise and stopped working after 1/2 hour of usage . It was like it shorted out and would not work again . Very disappointing . I shipped it back to Amazon who very quickly credited our account , excellent customer service .
 DONT BUY THIS !!! This broke after two uses . Now the light does not even turn On . I have tried cleaning the filter , cleaning the tank , no luck . When it did `` work '' I do n't think it added any humidity to the room . I had the elephant one ... would not recommend this product
 What a hunk o junk . Stopped working . When it did work it was n't great , too messy.i noticed there are a lot of reviews . this company made a lot of money producing trash , cheating all of us at the same time . This company should be banish from America !
 Summary
 I purchased the Crane Penguin 1 Gallon Cool Mist Humidifier and received the product in 4 days . Once I filled the water in the tank and placed the tank on the base , I noticed all of the water was leaking from the bottom of the base . I tried this again to see if I did something wrong by putting the tank on the base , but again the water started to leak out from the bottom of the base including where the power cord is attached to the base . I have asked for a refund will try to find some other brand that have better ratings .
 In the first humidifier I received , when I put the top -LRB- water jug -RRB- down on the base , the plastic underneath cracked . The water just glub-glub-glub leaked out the bottom . I sent it back -LRB- paid for return shipping ! -RRB- and got a replacement . I got the replacement , and right in the box was a broken piece of plastic . I put it together and could n't figure out where the broken plastic came from . I could only get the red light on the humidifier , not the green light . I realized , the little plastic pin was meant to stick up into the lid , signalling it to release water . I tried to just put the pin where it was meant to be , then put the jug down , but I guess because it did n't form a tight seal , it too glub-glub-glub caused a flood.I have another Crane humidifier -LRB- non `` cute '' version -RRB- which has always worked great , so I 'm afraid that , in this instance , they focused on `` cute '' over functional.I 'm returning my 2nd humidifier -LRB- and paying return shipping again -RRB- and hope to save you the trouble !
 My kids really loved it . But , unfortunately broke right after the first use ! I had seen couple of reviews saying it broke after first use . But , I thought those may be rare case.I called Amazon , they plan to refund . But , pain to spend time to find another one . I badly need one . Unfortunately this service was not reliable : - -LRB-
 Worked great the first night and by night two , it made a noise like it was TRYING to work , but no mist was coming out .
 I had this product literally one night before it stopped working . I checked and rechecked all the instructuions , but it would n't work . I ended up buying an off brand item for a much cheaper price that is working marvously , and I had n't had any problems since . I would n't recommend this product .
 This little guy puts out an adequate amount of vapor , but it 's extremely LOUD . The motor sounds like a car engine and the water tank is constantly gurgling . I 've never heard anything like it ! I thought I might get used to the sound , that it would become `` white noise , '' but that has not happened . I would not recommend this for an adult , unless you are a very sound sleeper , and I think it 's out of the question for a baby .
 We got this humidifier because of our new baby and it worked great for a while . However , after 2 nights of high fever and pains in my chest , I examined the humidifier and found mold . Needless to say we decided perhaps this is n't the bet fit for us and immediately stopped using it .
 spent a lot of time researching to make sure it would last and only used this humidifier 5 times . I am disappointed that it quit working and now wish I would have purchased it in person then I would have more likely returned it . Which one to try now ?
 This thing is defInitely cute , I 'll grant them that . But it 's 3am and both of my children have croup . The baby has the frog in his room and the older boy has a humidifier from the 80 's that my mom used for me when I was a child . Guess who is in his crib hacking his brains out because there is absolutely no moisture in his air ? The poor baby . The older humidifier works like a dream after 30 years . The frog puts out mist , but it falls to the ground after about 3 inches . And more importantly , it simply is n't humidifying the room . It 's done nothing for him and I 've had it . It 's going out with the trash tomorrow .
 I got this humidifier after our Vick 's died . I thought this frog was cute and I liked it did n't need a filter . After 2 nights of using it when my daughter was sick , we did n't use it for a week because my daughter was admitted to the area children 's hospital for pneumonia.After a 4 night stay at the hospital I came home today , turned it on in preparation for bedtime , and the mist is more like a gentle mist rolling out , even on full-blast it trickles out . So now I 'm stuck tonight with a still - sick little girl and a barely working humidifier ! Kind of a worst-case scenario.It died with 2 night 's use . Therefore the one star rating .
 I purchased this humidifier last winter for my newborn son . This frog humidifier was so cute , which is why I bought it in the first place . After 3 or 4 months the fan started making a very loud grinding sound . I contacted Crane and they told me they would replace it . I had to send in the tank cap , the end of the cord , and a receipt with the date of purchase . It took a few weeks , but they did send me a new humidifier . The second humidifier started making the same sound again after about 3 months . It would n't always make the sound though . Sometimes I would refill it and it would work fine for two days . Other times I would turn it on only to be disappointed by the loud grinding sound . Last week the humidifier stopped working all together . I was so frustrated I just threw it in the trash .
 After being satisfied with the elephant version of these , we decided to purchase another humidifier for a different bedroom . We decided on the frog . The problem is , you really have to pay attention to the location of the hole for discharge of the moist air . The problem with the frog , and many others , is that it discharges the mist vertically . Thus , a substantial amount of moisture settles where the frog is sitting . If it is wood furniture , the moisture will likely damage the wood and the finish . While they tell you not to place it on wood or a towel -LRB- what to place it on then ? -RRB- , I still think this problem is largely mitigated by the animals that discharge the mist up and at an angle . The elephant discharges through the snout . The penguin we just bought is another good choice ; it discharges through the beak on its adjustable head -LRB- another nice feature -RRB- . Other than that , these are great devices and are reasonably priced . The capacity is good ; the amount of moisture it produces is ample ; and they are reliable.Beware that because , like many consumer products these days , it is made of plastic that can easily crack . I do n't fault the product design for this because it is n't like there are alternatives that are not made of plastic . But it requires care that you do n't drop the container in the sink while you are filling it , or you break the top . The elephant we have has a crack forming in the tank because we dropped it while moving ; our mistake . The price is such that you just buy another .
 We received this unit from amazon around the beginning of October , by the end of November , the motor failed . Just stopped in the middle of the night , to run no more . I know it 's not an expensive , high-end product , but c'mon , we should be able to expect better quality than this ... where is the pride in manufacturing ! I might amend this review dependent on the response from the company .
 This product arrived broken . The fan housing was loose due to a screw falling out . I opened it up and screwed it back in place . Good as new . We enjoyed less than a month of use from the humidifier until it just refused to turn on . This was definitely a separate issue since the fan housing was still firmly in place . I 've contacted customer service for a replacement but only get their voicemail . I suspect their poor quality control coupled with their unresponsive customer service is how they 're able to push so many of these humidifiers at such a low price . Too good to be true.UPDATE 9/17/2011We are still waiting for a replacement unit 6 months after we contacted customer service !
 The humidifier was placed on a table in the bedroom next to the bassinet . After a few days of intermittent use the bedding was mildewed.I would not purchase again , prefer to have the baby in the bathroom with steam .
 I received this item from my baby registry a few months ago . After using it for only a few weeks , the fan became so loud that I could n't use it anymore when sleeping . Because it was a gift , I did not have a receipt and Crane would not provide a free replacement as part of their warranty.BEWARE . THIS PRODUCT IS NOT WELL MADE AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIBLE .
 I wanted to buy a humidifier for my room because it gets really dry.This product initially looked ideal for what I needed . It has a large water capacity , adjustable mist settings , etc. . Upon receiving the item , I followed the instructions but when I turned it on , it did n't work . I tried troubleshooting with the instructions that were provided but it still would not produce mist . After trying a few things out , I found that it was producing mist in the base of the unit but the mist was not being pumped out . There is a little fan in the base that is supposed to blow the mist out the top of the unit , which was not working.To put simply , do n't waste your money on this . I went back and saw that there were a ton of negative reviews for this product with people having the same problems , or worse ones . Based on the reviews , it looks like about half of the units work and half do n't , -LRB- which is really poor if you ask me -RRB- . You can take the chance of getting a working one , or just buy from a different manufacturer and not deal with the problems and hassle if you get a broken one in the first place .
 We 've had two of these - the first worked very well , but over time -LRB- even with regular cleaning -RRB- the plastic can stain and the construction makes cleaning a bit of work . So we bought a new one after running the first for a couple years . The second unit , unfortunately , had a problem where the filters would not thread properly to the bottom of the frog 's head -LRB- where you fill it with water -RRB- . After the 4th filter I decided to email and call the company . After no response , I called back a few more times and finally spoke with customer service who promptly sent a warranty form only after mentioning a few times that the filters `` are not required '' for operation . My guess is that this was a stock response to a known issue.I 'll follow up with another review after the support request is fulfilled . My advice is to be sure to check the humidifier fully before using more than once .
 This product is cute , yes , but it does not work . I 've only had my humidifier a month and already it stopped working . I can not figure out why . I 've read through reviews on this product , from others whose also broke , and my did not crack , did not arrive broken , did not catch on fire -- it just stopped working . Up until this point , the humidifier was great . It was quiet and produced wonderful cool mist steam but then one night it stopped working . Now when I plug it in and turn it on , I get nothing . Luckily I am still able to return it and look for a new one , but after reading all of the other terrible reviews , I will not be purchasing this product again . Too bad .
 I own the Frog and the Elephant . After one year , the Frog would n't output any moisture unless it was turned to full blast . I checked to make sure that the fan was n't blocked , and it was n't . It just quit working . After just a matter of months the Elephant quit working all together . It only made a grinding noise when turned on . I am extremely dissapointed with this product and DO NOT recommend it !
 I bought this Crane Adorable Leopard Cool Mist Humidifier . It worked great . Loved it . So did my cats . After using it for 1 winter approximately 4 months it stopped working . I had cleaned it and put it away in it 's original box after it was dry . The following winter I set it up and it worked for a few weeks and quit . I origingally would give it a 5 star but I expected it to last more than a few months . I was past the warrenty so Throw it away ! I also have a second Crane teardrop humidifier . It also stopped working . Crane must make these to last 1 year . Oh well ...
 We have used this humidifier in our baby 's room for a couple of months now , and while it works well , it is the biggest pain to refill . When you remove the head from the base , water leaks everywhere . It does n't matter if you keep it upright or turn it upside down , I end up getting water all over the place . We are currently looking at other humidifiers to replace this one .
 The humidifier stopped working after only two weeks and had to be returned . The only plus was it was pretty quiet when it did work , so I was happy about that as I was using in a bedroom .
 Length :
 We purchased the Hello Kitty version for our 5 year daughter in June 2012 . I was very pleased with this product for the first couple of months . It was quiet and worked great , but in November 2012 I noticed that the motor was on , but no mist was coming out of the top . I could n't figure out the cause of the problem , but after further inspection I realized that not only did it stop working but the water in the water chamber was boiling hot and I burned myself . So I stopped using it immediately . I 'm hoping to get a refund from the manufacturer because obviously this is not a safe product and I do not feel comfortable with my daughter sleeping with it in her room . I 'm glad it was me that got burned instead of her .
 This has been a great humidifier -- cute , quiet , does its job . However , after two years of occasional use , it has started making a very loud noise when turned on , to the point we can no longer use it . At first , the noise was infrequent . Now it is constant . Disappointing given the price . Expected it to last longer .
 We thought this was a pretty good product until it stopped working after only 3 months of use . It put out a decent amount of humidity , but was fairly difficult to clean . Then after about two months it started to make a louder -LRB- mechanical -RRB- buzzing sound during use , later it would only buzz loudly and stopped turning on at all.It 's cute , but I would pay more for a product that was less likely to break .
 My side of the bed is right next to the radiator , so I always woke up with bloody nose , chapped lips , dry and itchy throat , dry skin and my eyes were so dry that I could n't open them in the morning . We live in an apartment and we ca n't control the temperature . So it 's just so unbearably hot and dry here in the winter , and there 's nothing we can do about it.I was looking around for a good quality , but affordable humidifier and I was really excited to get this one.If dryness is the problem , humidifier is definitely the way to go . I felt better immediately and noticed how nice it was to wake up the next morning . I usually turned it off before leaving for work in the morning , but on a weekend , I left it on while I went shopping . The water was pretty low , but because I knew it had the automatic turn-off function , I knew it was fine . But it was n't . When I got home , the humidifier was making weird noises because there was no water and it did n't automatically turn off . I do n't know how long it was like that for , but thank goodness I made it back before anything bad happened.Oh , and the manual says that the mist should shoot up , not kind of ... pour downward.But it poured downward . I did what the manual said to try to fix this problem , but it did n't work no matter how high I turned it on.I was satisfied with the product overall , so I decided it get a replacement.When I got the replacement , it did n't even work at all . I was so fed up.The mist did n't travel up the hole in the water tank , and so when I took the tank off , the mist was building up underneath and there 's water splashing and going crazy down there.I do n't want to get another replacement , because the odds are the next one wo n't work either.The shipping was fast ... returns were easy ... But I 'm going to get a more durable one this time around .
 Have had this just a few weeks and it 's already not working . I thought - no way - when I read all of the bad reviews on it , and it seems they are right . I have kept it clean and there is plenty of space around and under the unit . There is no reason for the motor to have stopped working other than it being a piece of junk.When it worked , it worked great . I 'm very disappointed and probably will never purchase another Crane product again .
 I brought the elephant and like it - quite and work well . So we decide to get the frog because it is cute . However , the water mist is coming out of the top of the frog and even if we turned it up so the mist is over the head as recommended , the table ended up wet in the morning . There was a year apart between purchase , we definitely see improvement in design though . There are 2 lights - one red and one green to indicate on and off . The ultrasound things in the tank is covered unlike the old one that was exposed . The top head is not secure like the old one just you can just take it out easily or is that bad now the little one and take it off and misplace it anywhere ? The plastic seems thinner than before . The bottom has more plastic cover and seems more secure than before . I will get the elephant again because that seems to aim the mist in the right direction instead of over the head .
 I am NOT happy right now as I type this . We bought the Spongebob humidifier in December 2008 . We do n't use it too often , maybe 4 times a year when the kids get sick . My daughter just developed a cold , which sounds like it may turn into a `` croupy '' cough , so I got it out ... filled it ... plugged it in ... and * poof * it just blew out . The light was on for a split second , then DONE . R.I.P. Spongebob . -LRB- and yes , I tried other outlets . It 's definitely the motor on the machine . -RRB- I 'm so mad , because I remember growing up , having the same humidifier my entire childhood . Just 1.5 years ? Buyer beware.But when it was working , it worked very well . It 's quiet and let out three different levels of cool mist . I 'm tempted to buy another one , because I liked it so much , but I 'm afraid to waste my money .
 Irrespective of the fact that many have had great success with this humidifier , we did not.The elephant did not do well to elevate the humidity of our son 's 10x12 bedroom . Having a Texas cold spell and a drafty house , our son was really stuffed up and having sleeping problems due to the dryness . To elevate the humidity , we resorted to put our ` good ' ultrasonic humidifier in his room for an hour or so to elevate the humidity , and then let the elephant maintain that level overnight -LRB- what a hassle ! -RRB- . After a week or so of this , it stopped misting altogether . The water , instead of misting out of the hole at the top , was simply squirting a bit . We are returning the unit and opting to spend the money on one that will be more powerful and -LRB- presumably -RRB- more reliable .
 I was excited to see such a cute design at a great price ; unfortunately the reality is disappointing . Like many of these kinds of devices from China -LRB- air conditioners come to mind -RRB- , there is an awful chemical smell that persists through multiple cleanings . At first I thought the smell came from the basin or tank , but after thoroughly and repeatedly cleaning these areas with a bleach solution to no effect , I realized the smell is coming from the fan area -- you ca n't clean that part , so you 're stuck . If you have a keen sense of smell , stay far away . Even if you do n't , you might want to look elsewhere -- goodness knows what is being mixed into the mist that 's filling the room ...
 The manufacturer recommends emptying the humidifier daily . While there is a removable water tank on top , there is also an area in the base that fills with water . This means that in order to empty the humidifier I need to remove the tank , dump that , then unplug the humidifier base and drag that to the bathroom sink and dump that as well -LRB- invariably getting the cord wet in the process -RRB- . I do n't know if this design is common to all humidifiers , but I do n't understand the value in a removable tank if you need to move the whole unit for proper daily maintenance.Other than that , seems to be working ok . Have n't noticed a change in the humidity but I 've been keeping the setting rather low .
 The humidifier stopped working after 2 months !! The service center is total waste . . you have to ship the product to service center on your cost -LRB- which is half the cost of Humidifier !! -RRB- for any repairs.Complete waste of money ... buy at your own risk .
 Hello , I bought it about 3 month ago . I checked the machin is okay as soon as it delivered . It was definitely okay at the first time . I had another humidifier , and I was waiting for the filter , and I used it las weekend , it was not worked at all . The mist was not worked and I am really sorry about it . It delivered about 3 month ago , so I do n't think I can not get a replace for it . What should I do . .
 We bought both the Hello Kitty and Penguin style `` Adorable '' Crane humidifier . The penguin had issues getting water fed through the demineralization filter -LRB- once it was thoroughly saturated , this issue resolved -RRB- . The Hello Kitty model had a far more serious issue.After a week of use , my husband noticed that the cord attachment at the back had completely cracked through , exposing bare wires . -LRB- I uploaded pictures on the product page -RRB- . The attachment is very stiff.The penguin model has a much better attachment - it is sturdier , and has more flexibility . I 'm sending back the kitty and keeping the penguin , for now .
 Bought this humidifier about a month ago and it stopped working last week . I kept turning the knob to see what was wrong and noticed it was not `` clicking '' to turn the unit ON/OFFOpened the unit from the base , pulled knob assembly out of the wall but no signs of what was wrong but I knew whatever it was it was the knob.So I opened the casing of the knob itself -LRB- silver casing with small hooks on the side -RRB- . This `` broke '' the knob into two separate pieces - one with actual knob that rotates and the other without any moving part . The one which does not have a moving part was the ON/OFF switch I figured out by hit and trial and the one with rotating knob was to control the flow of electricity -LRB- to control humidifier 's speed/humidity -RRB- I then cut two wires that were going to ON/OFF switch and JOINED them together putting tape on it to complete the circuit leaving the other piece alone.Put the unit back and hooray ! Saved me almost 40 bucks ! But hey ! it does not have ON/OFF switch right now but who cares - My wife says she cares :--LRB- so I am going to cut main wire and throw in a $ 1 switch from Home Depot or Walmart and this should be good till something else goes wrong ... Couple things every customer should know about this unit :1 - A humidifier is supposed to raise humidity level in a room not 5 cubic feet around it . Such humidifiers dont have a fan so you need something else to let the air circulate . I was hoping the burst was powerful enough to go little farther but it `` falls '' within couple feet after coming out from penguin 's mouth . Now I know why people liked the `` drop '' shaped unit not these animal2 - Think about the height and how far the steam will go before buying this penguin . It must be at side table height for moisture to get absorbed into the air before hitting the ground . We could feel carpet getting wet when we walked on it after unit was run entire night . We raised it further from ground and that solved the problem.All in all 2 stars for the looks of the little penguin ...
 I chose this because it was cool mist , seemed easy to use , and was cute.As it turned out , the filling process is a bit cumbersome but I can live with that as it seems to be the price of the cute design.The real problem is that the device has stopped working . Baby is only six months old , and we 've only used this maybe 5 nights , and it 's kaput already . Started out giving lots of mist - instantly - and I was very pleased with it . Now , after a few uses , and right in the middle of baby 's cold , it seems to have given out . I have followed the instructions - did n't place on a towel , placed it on an elevated surface , and so forth . I am disappointed and will not buy another Crane product .
 After only 3 weeks of use the unit started leaking all over the place . I ca n't even return it now so I am stuck - beware !
 I used this product for about a month and it seamed to work fine . It 's not completely quiet because you 'll hear the gurgle of water every now and then , especially if it 's turned up high . Overall , I was happy , until I woke up one morning and saw a huge pool of water where the humidifier had been . I have hard wood floors , so my floors had some water damage . Just to make sure it was n't a fluke , I used it the next few days with a bucket underneath it to catch water , and sure enough ... it continued to leak . I called Amazon and they shipped out a new one . I have n't really used to the new one yet , so I 'm not sure if the same thing will happen . I have a feeling it will . This item is cute , but cheaply made .
 I used kitty humififier in my bedroom last winter , but it did n't help a lot , in terms of enhancing indoor humidity . Mists only surrounded by the humififier . I 'm very disappointed and consider to buy another steam humififier . Because my roomate 's steam humififier worked very well . Vapor circulated smoothly and quickly and really kept indoor humidity .
 We bought two Crane Adorable -LRB- penguin and elephant -RRB- for our newborn . Both were working great for 6 months . Then the first unit fan motor stopped working and fog can no longer blow up and out of the unit . Then the second unit fan motor started making loud churning noises , and eventually stopped working as well . I wrote to Crane customer service , and now have to deal with the hassle of mailing in a cut cord from each unit to get a replacement , and while doubtful of the quality of replacement units . If the fan motors break 2 for 2 , who 's to say they wo n't break again ?
 broken in 2 years with rarely usage . very noisy from the fan . something was broken inside . a lot of white dust at the entry of vent . The other one has no problem . I think the duck one has quality issues from manufacture .
 This was very cute in my baby boy 's room and it worked well for three days ... then it just stopped working ! We returned it .
 It is adorable , quiet and works sufficiently , but only for a small room . The output on this humidifier did not make a difference in my son 's room and his is medium size room . If you have just a small space though , I 'd strongly recommend it .
 We bought this humidifier for our baby 's room . At first we only ran it at 50 % at night and then when cooler weather came , we ran it 24/7 . At 1 year on the dot , it stopped working . We thought it was overheated , nope ; the entire humidifying motor unit is dead . It is cute , we can not deny that , but if you want a humidifier that is trustworthy , go somewhere else . Oh , and also , unless you have some strong mold repellent stuff or clean it everyday with bleach , you can expect your own mold colony !
 I got it and it worked great for a few months . Then it started making this awful loud noise when turned on , at first I could get it to go off - but now there 's not a whole lot I can do . It 's a really cute humidifier and worked great for a little bit , but now it has to go in the trash . A shame .
 I have to admit that I bought the frog humidifier mostly because it is cute , and it matches my son 's room . I was happy with it initially , but the product started working poorly after about a year . The humidifier is not long for this world . The motor is really loud now , and almost sounds like it 's grinding . Some nights it is so loud that we ca n't use it . It is only a matter of time before it stops working altogether . If you replace these types of items after 1 year , I guess it 's a great buy . I certainly expected for it to last long enough for my son to go to preschool .
 We bought this humidifier in the frog and the elephant . The problem with the frog is that all of the mist settles on the humidifier and below it and everything ends up soaking wet . We elevated it , as was suggested in the directions , and it ended up in a pool of water . This ca n't be good for the cord . My husband drilled holes near the eyes to make the mist shoot away from the humidifier and this helped . Then we plugged the original holes with packing tape and it functioned better . It just should n't be this difficult.Buy the elephant , not the frog . The elephant forces the mist away from the humidifier and into the air .
 Bought this for my sons room . Cool concept and very appealing to children but not constructed well . Had it for one month and was refilling tank one day and it slipped in the sink - would n't even say I dropped it - and plastic tank cracked . Now its completly unusable and replacement tank is almost as much as buying another one . That is most disappointing of all when parts cost as much as item itself . Not ideal unless you 're ok with things breaking easily .
 My son liked the cute Dragon Humidifier . We were disgusted when we opened the package to find that the humidifier had been USED . I am annoyed that Amazon sent me someone 's return and did not bother to check it before sending it to me . -LRB- Amazon does sell Used items , why did I have to pay full price for this mess ? -RRB- There were scratches in the water basin and a greasy fingerprint . Very unsanitary . Amazon needs to clean up it act !
 I bought this in October 2010 to put in the master bedroom for me & my infant daughter . It worked great until a couple days ago . I turned it on & the motor was making the worst sound ever ! It still produced steam but nobody could have slept with the noise it made . My husband & I poured out all the water & checked the whole unit out . We thought we had fixed the problem , one little part got clogged , but when I turned it on at bedtime , it started making the noise again . I intend to contact the manufacturer & see if I can get a replacement . If not then I have to buy another one & it will definitely not be this brand .
 My son gets plenty of bloody noses , so a humidifier was much needed . After researching I purchased this penguin and it worked well for 2 days , then down the drain it went after . I notice the mist stopped coming out and it leaked puddles of water from the bottom and sides . After looking into what could have happened , I figured out that the fan some how broke in the unit . I returned it!This is not an easy humidifier to fill with water either , you have to flip it around and in the process , even walking the unit back to the room after refill can spring a leak if you 're not gentle . Back to researching for a better humidifier .
 I purchased the Penguin for my 2 year old 's room . I used it twice for a few hours and then completely stopped misting . I tried all of the troubleshooting suggestions to no avail . I returned it and will order another brand . Too bad because it was silent and relieved her congestion for the short time it worked .
 it is truly a cheap , cheap quality humidifier . When it was working -LRB- for about a day -RRB- , it did produce `` mist '' -- but nothing that created any real moisture in the air . And then it started leaking ... and leaking and leaking ... and it 's useless now . It 's a cheap piece of plastic that looks very cute but does not function at all as a true humidifier , so beware .
 The humidifier arrived with a piece of plastic rattling around in the base . Did not feel safe to add water as the housing was exposed where the plastic fell out.Amazon did an instant refund no questions asked , seems like there have been a lot of complaints with these humidifiers.What is more important ? Cuteness or safety ? I bought a real pediatric humidifier from the drugstore instead .
 Those reviewers who say this product does nothing to increase humidity , totally correct listen to them . Those who say it creates some sort of white dust , they are not lying . I 'm not even sure how this thing penetrates but i had a DVD in my dvd player and a game in my xbox , and both were not working , I took them out and they were covered in this weird substance . Then a few days later my cable modem broke . This thing was n't even all that close to my electronics and it ruined them . Do not buy this piece of junk unless you just want to look at it , as it 's kind of cute .
 I am so frustrated with companies , such as Crane , selling unreliable products . This humidifier , during the brief time it worked , looked nice in our child 's room and created a fine , cool mist . Then , after approximately a half dozen uses , the mist simply stopped . I could hear the fan , but the element was not creating any mist . My wife and I liked the humidifier during it 's brief life so , after returning the broken humidifier , we purchased another one -LRB- same model -RRB- . The new unit lasted one week and then the fan stopped working . The element still created the mist ; however , because the fan did n't work , the unit essentially became a large paper weight . We take very good care of the items we purchased . This thing literally broke while it was just sitting on a flat surface . This humidifier is a complete waste of money . Do NOT buy this item .
 It is cute , as the reviews say , but definitely cheaply made . also , does n't last all night and quickly runs out of water . it has an auto shut off if you happen to leave it on and it runs out but after reading the review of the motor catching fire I will be returning this one . I 'll be going with the honeywell HUT-102BP humidifier .
 This product was a waist of money . It never worked right from the beginning , the red light was ALWAYS on and the water sensor would n't work . It also accumulated some nasty moldy residue in the water tank . My son was breathing that for a few days before I cleaned it !!!!
 I agree very cute , but something must have been wrong with the one i purchased . It worked great for about two weeks , then I woke up one morning to find the dresser top covered with water . So for the 30 or so dollars I saved I got to replace a dresser for 750 .
 I was very happy with it , until it started making awful buzzing noice , customer service did not help in any way . So if you want to buy a new humidifier every year , buy this one
 This humidifier works great and has a soothing , river-like sound . But I do n't recommend it . The bottom part collects water overnight , so instead of just toting the main chamber to the bathroom , you have to unplug it and schlep the entire thing to dump out both parts . Then , because of the design of the main chamber , you can never get all of the water out of it , so you can never get it to fully dry out . I wish we had bought a conventional humidifier for our son - he would n't have known any different .
 I got this item -LRB- Penguin -RRB- at the retail store . It produced only a bit of mist so I had to return it . I could not tell the obvious defects . Water leaked everywhere when I pick it up . I had to say I hated it except how cute it looks . A lot of people seem to like this product . Mine might have been broken already when I purchased it .
 The shipment is quick , however , the product is not functioning well , it keeps shutting off .
 My husband and I purchased the penguin humidifier several months ago after moving to Scottsdale . We initially used the humidifier without any problems . Then , we put the penguin away for the summer . When we took it out again last night , it would n't work at all . We checked the user 's manual , and it appears that we are doing everything correctly . I guess we 're out of luck ! I should have trusted the large number of negative reviews and chosen a more reliable product . While the humidifier is really cute , I would n't recommend it based on its sketchy reliability . It was a waste of money .
 I really liked this humidifier as did my 21/2 year old . It pumps out moisture well and raises the humidity even in a large room.BUT ... . and it 's a big but ... the nebulizer stopped working after a week -LRB- it first started putting out large droplets then stopped altogether -RRB- I returned it and did n't get another one after seeing that many have had similar issues . If quality issues could be addressed , would be a great product .
 The manufacturer should issue a warning that it is ill-advised to use this without distilled water.I was originally very pleased until the white dust started appearing that subsequently became a substantial problem . I assume that it is everywhere but noticed it particularly on my electronics and glasses . I ca n't see out of my glasses after a day without cleaning the dust off . All of my electronics is coated with the stuff . I assumed that a filter would be included but it is not . I tried to order a filter . However , after struggling for half an hour , increasing the order quantity to three filters , and working with Amazon customer service I found that there is no way to order until I order something else besides the filter . After reading more about the filter I found that the dissatisfaction rate is high and that they do n't work at least half the time . I think I 'll now start using distilled water and see if that solves the problem .
 Just bought this Crane penguin humidifier , filled it with filtered Brita filter , and it did n't work !!! It 's going to be returned tomorrow morning . I am so jealous of the reviewers who had working humidifiers on this page .
 It had a crack on the base of the humidifier only two days after I got the product . Now it does n't work after two months .
 Read the reviews , liked the idea and the looks . Got it just hours ago . Opened the box , plugged it . Green light never showed up . Never worked . Called customer service , told me to send it back , `` must be something wrong with the power adapter '' . Shipping -LRB- at $ 15 -RRB- at my cost ! . Errr . . don t think so , the damm thing costed $ 32 . What a piece of junk . Do n't even waste your time .
 We bought the Frog cuz we thought it looked cute ... just like everyone else . This humidifier was designed so poorly -LRB- and cheap -RRB- that you can expect water everywhere , everytime you touch it . Not my kind of fun . This CRANE frog humidifier should be sold at the Dollar Store for $ 5.00 I still would n't buy it , but at least you 're only paying for it 's true value !
 Got the `` Hello Kitty '' humidifier and just loved the looks of it . However it only worked for 1 night and a few hours , the second night it had stopped when I woke!I am really bummed , because I could feel the difference it made.So this one goes back , but maybe I 'll try and reorder again , as I need one . From the reviews a few other people had to try more than once to get a good one!I usually have no complaint with the stuff I buy here and I am a very frequent customer , so this is unusual.So anyway just for FYI
 Condensation accumulates in the top of the elephants trunk and dribbles down the front of the unit . The last two nights it has soaked a hand towel to the point that I had to wring it out in the morning . Before that , it would leave a puddle of water on my dresser.Produces a very good amount of humidity and is relatively quiet.Don ' t recommend this model , the elephant .
 Despite the wide range of reviews , I took a chance on the Penguin model for my son 's room . The humidifier repeatedly failed on the first day . It ran for 5-10 minutes and shut off . The ` tank empty ' red light came on . After checking the valve and resetting the water tank , the unit worked ran for another 5-10 minutes and then shut off . After four or five additional attempts to get the humidifier working , I came to the conclusion that I 'd received a faulty unit . Thank goodness for Amazon 's return policy for defective products .
 Does n't work . No steam just noise . It worked maybe the first month . Pure waste of money
 It does not work until it has been on and plugged in for over a minute , and then it is still intermittent . I called the manufacturer and they were no help . I would spend your money on one that is boring looking but will actually work for your sick kids when you need it . Absolute waste of money .
 Piece of junk . Plugged it in nothing happened . No light no sound no humidifying . This is just a waste of time .
 Sorry , did n't buy this . Do you really want a ` cute ' humidifier ? If you have a toddler , do you want them to try to play with an electrical appliance with water in it ? Just do n't understand the minds of people who come up with this stuff .
 I bought this for the baby 's room with Crane Demineralization Filter Cartridge . The perko picture looks just like the crane Frog Humidifier picture . At the bottom of the page it state Frequently Bought Together the Crane Demineralization Filter Cartridge with this product . NOT COMPATIBLE WITH CRANE FILTERS I feel the seller shoulder state this fact in the product information . DBROTH retrun info -LRB- In `` some cases '' , at our own discretion , we do grant RMA for opened goods , however an excessive restocking fee of up to 30 % will be charged . Shipping and handling fees are the costs of us sending the product to you and will not be refunded . In the event an item is sold with `` free shipping '' , DBROTH will refund the amount of sale , less `` actual shipping costs '' to customer . -RRB- With both shipping and restocking fee it equals the price of product !!!! Bad Bad Bad Bad business .
 The first date of use , the humidity leaked water from the bottom of the unit and flooded my carpet , the second day the Hello Misss Kitty humidifier burnt up .
 I bought 2 of them . Both are very very loud noise . I ca n't even sleep.And I exchange both of them . Still got 2 very very loud noise items.Total will be 4 breakdown items.The spongebob model is very bad quality .
 I have owned 5 , yes 5 , of these humidifiers and all of them broke within a few weeks , some in a few days !! Terrible ! I have 2 right now that I need to return .
 I got this because it 's cute for a new baby . However , now 5 mths or less later it does n't work at all . We did n't even use it the entire 5 mths we 've had it . All in all I wish I 'd bought something more practical and less cute .
 The tiger shape is cute and my daughter likes it . But if I turn the mist to maximum , the water leaks . I kept it on all night long to keep my room humid , and I always woke up with a lot of water around the humidifier in the morning . Disappointed ! I will soon replace it because I 'm tired of cleaning the water from my floor every morning .
 I purchased this based on brand -LRB- we had a Crane -RRB- , as well as the many positive reviews , but it 's going back because it 's loud and smells bad . First , the noise
 This humidifier was great while it lasted ... It was nice and quiet , did it 's job , and was very cute . However , after only 2 weeks , it suddenly started sounding like a motor boat whenever you turn it on . There 's no way to sleep with it on . Even my husband who is by no means a light sleeper and sleeps through anything ca n't sleep with it on . It 's totally useless . I should 've gotten a cheap $ 20 humidifier ... Even those tend to last longer than 2 weeks .
 Worked great while it lasted . . Unfortunately it only lasted a month.E-mailed Crane asking for a replacement , but unfortunately I bought this in-store and did n't keep my receipt . . My loss , I guess - I will never buy Crane again .
 I bought this for my four-year-old Hello Kitty fan . She had another Crane humidifier when she was smaller -LRB- elephant -RRB- that worked well and still works for her little sister . This is not nearly the same quality . After a couple of months it died . No steam , just a lovely melted plastic smell . While this may be good if you are trying to finish off your family , it will not help finish off a head cold . I think the little night light in it may be part of a design flaw.I would recommend the elephant , and will be heading out to Target to get one this week .
 I bought this humidifier an year ago from amazon . On the 13th month it stopped working , I bought it because of its attractive penguin shape . The product has good build quality outwardly , but made of poor electronic components . This is my second humidifier from Crane . The first one was ` sponge bob square pant ' , which worked for about two years , then stopped working . It looks like the crane products are not durable . The one star is for its appearance .
 I bought this product because I thought it was really cute , and the reviews seemed to be positive overall . However , my experience was not good . I followed all the instructions to a T and it worked nicely for about 3 days , then shortly afterward started malfunctioning . Every time I filled it up and turned it on water would flood out , and mist would n't come out . The only way I could get the mist to start coming out and the water to not leak out was to barely fill the tank and then fiddle around and move the top part so it was tilted to the side , which allowed the mist to flow out . I 'm sorry to say I think this product is an example of something that pulls you in with its looks but fails to deliver on performance .
 I totally agree with the negative reviews on here . I HATE the fact that I bought not one but TWO of these stupid humdifiers . Both of them broke right after the 3 month warranty period -LRB- from Target -RRB- . I blew $ 80 in one year on the frog and the elephant ; neither of which work anymore , and because I threw away the receipts after 3 months , I can not get a refund . GRRRRRRRRRRR.The first one I bought started to leak around the gasket around month 4 of ownership , and by leak , I mean the water went everywhere . It ruined the wooden nightstand it was on in my baby 's bedroom . The second humidifier -LRB- I should have learned my lesson after the first one , but oh no , not me -RRB- worked fine for a while , then I boxed it up for a couple of months . When I took it out again last week to use , it did n't work at all . Not even a small puff of steam . Nothin ' .
 the first one is inoperative out of the box , exchanged 2nd unit works intermittently.The steam emitted from the top , so there is not much moisture spreading the room . Not a good model compare to Penguin which I purchase before the SpongeBobNot recommended . However , Amazon did a good job in exchange , just a day after I filed exchanged on line , I got 2nd unit arrive at my door . But sadly , the second one did not work either
 This worked well for a month , but now it 's headed for the garbage . The glue holding a rubber gasket on back dissolved and water leaks everywhere . I did n't expect much for $ 30 , but I did expect more than 30 days of use .
 Used this frog humidifier 2 nights , turning it off during the day , and by night 3 it no longer worked . Had it continued to work , it would have been a great unit , my kids thought it was cute , it pushed the vapor up into the air , was easy to fill , etc. . I was really disappointed when it quit working . If you do decide to buy this unit , make sure it can be returned without too much trouble - just in case .
 I bought the cow humidifier and my son loves it ... it 's cute , he likes to put his hands in the mist that comes out of it 's ears . He enjoys playing with the knob . And , it 's very quiet so it 's not disturbing.However , this does not add any humidity to the room . I have a humidity monitor in his room -LRB- we live in the northeast with forced hot air heat ... so it gets very dry -RRB- and it does n't show any change in humidity after running this cow for 4 + hours . If I run my REAL humidifier that 's on the other side of the house , the humidity in his room increases to a comfortable level.So - if you want a toy for your child to play with ... this is great . But , if you want to truly humidify your child 's room , then get a REAL humidifier - I have a Holmes ... works great .
 As with the last reviewer , that clear little plastic piece designed to light up the tank fell into the tank after the third time we filled it . Then water leaked everywhere , including onto the electronics . Apparently the plastic is simply glued into the tank and with even the slightest touch it falls back inside . When you place the tank back onto Thomas this piece fits over the other clear plastic piece that houses the actual bulb light . This apparently is enough to cause the piece to loosen and fall into the tank . There is no way to fix this or any warning NOT to touch it . In the course of normal filling its almost guaranteed you will touch this at some time . I dont know about you , but mixing toddlers , water and electricity is a recipe for DISASTER !! CHILDREN SHOULD NEVER BE ALLOWED ANYWHERE NEAR THIS PRODUCT !! THIS IS A MAJOR DEFECT AND SAFETY HAZARD !!!! THE PRODUCT SHOULD BE RECALLED !!!
 I bought two of these humidifiers -LRB- a cow for my little girl 's room and a frog for my room . -RRB- They both lasted about 3 months before the fans started getting louder and louder . Very disappointing . I do not recommend buying this humidifier unless you do not mind that it will only last 3 months.PROS - Cute designs - Variable mist adjustment knobCONS - Only lasted 3 months before the fan got extremely loud - Tank does not lie flat when upside down which is annoying when refilling the tank . You ca n't simply put the tank down to open it up and refill it . - The lid -LRB- aka frog/cow head -RRB- needs to be put down somewhere while refilling the tank . This is a very poor design because the lid drips water and gets things wet . Have a towel ready ! - Makes gurgling noise periodically when running . -LRB- It seems like all humidifiers do this though . -RRB- - Bright light when on . -LRB- As other readers have noted , tape over the light takes care of this problem . -RRB- - Will not run if there is too much water in the bottom tank after you refill it . This is very annoying since you then need to waste time emptying the bottom tank . When you set the lid and top tank down while emptying the bottom tank , things tend to get wet , so have a towel ready !
 I 'm surprised these are getting such good reviews . I ordered one , the base came cracked , amazon quickly replaced it and then the other one I ordered -LRB- the pig -RRB- does n't turn on at all . I 've just decided to return both and stop having to deal with this product . Amazon does a great job with replacing/refunding their product but they might want to consider not carrying this product .
 I only had the chance to use this item once , when I received . I bought it ahead of time for a child and when I finally got around to using it , it never worked . I have another friend who bought the penguin and had the same problem . It only worked the same day she bought it . Luckily she was able to take it to a store where she had to exchange 3 times before she gave up . You do n't even have the benefit of exchanging on this product . Save your money and do n't go with the cutesy humidifier , you are better off just getting one that actually works .
 Was fine when it arrived ... but after a few weeks I noticed cracks and loose parts within . It still works but I am not sure how the crack came to be . I suspect that the parts were probably fitted too strongly together and when used , the plastic body gave way . This is the second Crane Cool Mist Humidifier I have and it is bad . The first one , which is the elephant design , has absolutely no problem and the plastic body feels different too . The ` layout ' within differs too . My advise is to buy the elephant rather than the duck .
 I have this in my children 's room . It had worked probably 20 times , until it just burned a hole in the plastic and melted two parts of the humidifier . It is thrown away , and I will be contacting the company .
 I received the dragon shaped humidifier as a baby shower gift and was very excited to use it because it was so cute . Unfortunately it did not work , for some reason the water would not drain down into the basin properly unless you wiggled the whole container , then once it had used all the water that was in the base you had to wiggle it again to get more water to go down . So unless I wanted to stand in my daughters room all night wiggling the humidifier it was n't going to work for us . I think maybe the one we had was just defective or something but Amazon was wonderful and let us return it , even though it was a gift -LRB- it was on our baby registry -RRB- and gave us a gift card to purchase something else . I do n't think I 'll be getting this exact one again because I do n't know if we 'll have the same problem . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 for the cuteness factor but otherwise it did us no good .
 Bought one two years ago , it worked great -LRB- until it was dropped & cracked -RRB- . Ordered a new one and it would not turn on -LRB- no light , no mist -RRB- . Amazon will only refund , not replace . Off to order my third one !
 If it was not for my wife recommending the device for our kid based on one of her friends experience , I would not have bought it due to the 100 + 1-star reviews . These in fact are usually more accurate and truthful than any of the 5-star rated reviews . If you read all reviews carefully , you realize that the people , who recommend the product , do not usually comment on the effectivity of the humidifier . In the rare cases they do , they have actually never measured quantitatively an increase of humidity in their room with a hygrometer . Those who did , will tell you that non of the devices do work -LRB- whatever animal -RRB- . The stream of mist coming out of the device in fact does not really alter the humidity for the reason described further below . Most of the positive reviewers are merely overwhelmed how cute the animals are looking or that they produce mist streams the kids love to touch or comment on similar non-relevant features . I also do not agree with comments saying the device is quiet , since my wife could actually not sleep well when we tested it the first night in our bedroom due to frequent bubbling sounds . I do n't know however how loud other humidifers might be in comparison , so maybe it can be seen as comparably quiet.Now to my main point
 It looks the same in the picture - however , do not be deceived . This is a sub-standard re-boot of Crane 's adorable , high quality products.I was forced to replace ribitt , my 3 year old Crane froggy humidifier after my adult daughter accidentally slaughtered him with the pull down attic stairs.We had lovingly cared for ribitt all these years . Occasionally washing him with white vinegar , a drop of bleach here and there . I mean he was just a pristine specimen of moisture giving goodness.However , upon receiving this imposter , it was quickly clear it was not the driods I was looking for ... The construction is far more thin , and frail . The froggy eye cap , barely rests on the top of the reservoir . The slightest bump , sends it reeling . The screw cap for the reservoir is very very cheaply made . On ribitt - a quick spin , and the cap would go free-wheeling down to a completely sealed and seated position.Finally , performance . Lets talk brass tack here . As previously mentioned - ribitt could absolutely kick it on the moisture front , CHURCH ! This new guy , barely a spit . Ribitt could empty his reservoir overnight on the high setting . This guy on high - still has 75 % left.Overall , disappointed . This was my fourth -LRB- and last -RRB- Crane product in this family . The previous 3 , were all of the highest quality . It is a shame to see them cheapening up their product because they are getting greedy .
 I bought this product after seeing its high rating in Consumer Reports . It worked fine for while , though the output was only half of what is advertised
 This is the 4th Crane humidifier I 've purchased . The first , a frog , stopped producing mist a few months after purchase -LRB- seems to be a common problem with the frog based upon other reviews -RRB- . The second and third , an elephant and dragon , are still going strong after 3 and 2.5 years , respectively . The fourth , which is the Hello Kitty , started to have problems after a few months . The motor started making a very loud noice , the base became very hot and the mist slowed considerably . Crane 's response has been fantastic . They are going to replace . Will send an update when the replacement arrives and has had some use .
 We bought this humidifier for our nursery because it had many good reviews , but after reading the instruction packet , we decided to take it back without even using it . The reason
 Just pulled this thing out of the package -LRB- the frog model -RRB- and discovered what is NOT spelled out on the outside packaging
 When I was trying to find a humidifier for my son I looked at all the reviews . I had some reservations due to some poor comments regarding this humidifier . I decided to go ahead with it because I 've heard Amazon has a really good customer service department.I 've had this item for over a month now and it works perfectly . It arrived at my door in a timely manner as promised and was packaged well . * Update * So this humidifier worked for a few months then died out . Of course with this type of humidifier you are also going to get all that white residue over everything .
 The shape of the tank made it very difficult to pour in water or clean . Also , if the top cover is not perfectly closed , the collected water drips from the gap . This made a big mess in our bedroom.You need to clean both the tank and the base of this humidifier everyday because the water collects in the base as well , and it is easy to have the mold growth on the base.We got rid of this humidifier because it was too difficult to keep it clean and bacteria free . Now that my baby walks about , having this in her room would have been too dangerous anyways .
 . . or shall I rather say , Deceptive Duck is worse than Defective Duck ? You decide ... as for myself , WHEN will I learn to listen to critical educated reviewers instead of opting to grab a `` bargain '' only to learn that YET AGAIN the minority were right and that the reviews of the careless masses just misguide people into needless hassle.The duck ducts emit a deceptive mist.Deceptive how?Because the mist goes nowhere . The room does NOT humidify . After hours on at the highest setting , my body & eyes remain dry as ever . Furthermore , placing it nearby my seat subjects me to an unpleasant odor -LRB- electronic or otherwise ? -RRB- and EMFs.So I remain dehydrated , from forced air heat combined with computer use . Should I take the leap again with a Swiss or Honeywell or Holmes product ? Promising or not , once burnt , forever wary .
 I have one humidifier by Crane and I LOVE it , this one however came to me cracked in the main water holding tank , when we tried to fill it , it leaked everywhere ! I was so disappointed as it was a surprise for my children and now I have to send it back and see if I can find a new one somewhere . :-LRB- I am so not happy !
 My wife loves Hello Kitty as she everything Hello Kitty and so when I stumbled upon this Hello Kitty humidifier by Crane , I had to purchase it for her . Our room is VERY dry during the winter months and so we need something to keep the room moist and breathable . I purchased the Thomas humidifier by Crane on the Amazon Lightning Deals and loved it and therefore decided to give this a try.My Review : This unit is very cute . Although I really did n't care about the aesthetics , this humidifier is well built and sturdy . The face of Hello Kitty lifts up so you get access to the water tank . I had Pro-Tec humidifier cleaners that I bought from Amazon last year for my Thomas humidifier that did n't fit and luckily I was able to drop it in to the tank on this model without issues . After filling up with water , the unit worked beautifully just as it did with my Thomas one . The mist emitted from the ear tops and the dial on the front can be adjusted to increase the output of mist or lower it . The unit is very silent , but you CAN hear it running . The night light is a plus as it glows in a fuschia -LRB- sp ? -RRB- hue.When the water tank is empty , the red light glows so that you can refill the water . Hello Kitty 's head must be removed from the tank as it is a separate piece . Be careful when you lift it because residue water that accumulated from the mist escaping through the ears will drop . In addition , you must be careful as you lift the water tank from the base , some water will spill from the reserve tank on the base as well . A simple cleaning with a rag has given us no issues .2 Weeks of use and we have noticed that once the unit is on , a motor grinding noise is present for about 25-30 seconds and then it goes away . I tried to dry the base and the tank before turning it on again and still issues with the grinding noise . My Thomas one does n't suffer from that shortcoming . Nonetheless , this is why I shop from Amazon as they were quick to send out a replacement and take this one back.This is a VERY nice unit for the price and any Hello Kitty lover will appreciate it . Hope my first review was helpful.UPDATE 5/23/2012Although the unit is quite useful . It has stopped working completely after moderate use . We tried everything in the troubleshooting FAQ and whatnot , but every time we turn on the unit , only the fan works and the red LED lights up . ARRGGHH!The initial 5 Star Review stays when the unit has worked.Now , I can only give it 2 stars tops . Will have to contact Crane to see what the warranty procedure is now . : -LRB-
 I ordered this product based on positive reviews , and when the product -LRB- Penguin shape -RRB- came , it did not work properly . After troubleshooting and contacting the company , they instructed me to return it , because I received a faulty product . When I received the replacement , it had the same problem . I am receiving a refund instead of taking chances on a third malfunctioning product .
 We bought the Adorable Crane mist humidifier only last month . I am tech myself so I knew the part Ultrasonic Atomizing piezo ceramic -LRB- Nebulizer -RRB- was a few dollar item . Cheap to replace . Just unplug the cord take screws out , open and take 4 screws that hold in the nebulizer and plug in the new unit . Easy enough , but Crane 's policy in warranty , or out of warranty is for that customer to cut the power cord on the faulty unit 4 '' from the plug end , send along the water tank filler cap in a padded envelop along with a check for $ 25 for shipping and handling . I was not a happy camper because the part that went bad is only a few bucks . I will buy from a more reliable company the next time that is not afraid to sell parts . There is NO guarantee that if I buy another Crane that it will last any longer , and no matter it 's STILL going to cost $ 25 for something that only costs $ 39 Crane policy is below ... Wally1 . Reply to this e-mail and fill out the Information Form below toreceive your Return Authorization Number . -LRB- Please DO NOT mail anyinformation before receiving this number -RRB- 2 . Once you have received your Number , print a copy of the informationform and fill in the RA number on the print out . Cut the Power Cord of yourunit 4 inches from the plug . Remove the Water Tank Cap from the base of yourhumidifier . Mail the information form , the power cord , the water tank capand a personal check for $ 25 in a padded envelope to the following address : Crane USA621 Route 83Suite 202Bensenville , IL 60106
 I bought the frog humidifier and it was already broken . Nothing happened when I plugged it in , no light went on and no mist came out . What also bothered me is that the instructions -LRB- but nowhere on the outside of the box -RRB- goes on and on about `` Must place 2 feet above the floor , '' `` Do n't put on carpet , '' and `` Do n't put on wood . '' It would be nice to know all these limitations BEFORE buying ! I returned the Frog and bought a sunbeam cool mist humidifier at Home Depot . I ca n't remember the name or model off the top of my head , but it looks kind of like an Easter basket , and I love it . No problems with placing this on the carpeted floor and it works like a charm !
 Bought this for my daughters room -LRB- the cow version -RRB- . It was cute . A tadbit bigger than I expected but that was no problem . I used it for a week and every morning for the first few days , when I woke up the red light would be on . There was still water in it and it still seemed to emitting mist but the red light would n't go off no matter how many times I cleaned it or adjust the water level sensor as the directions suggested . Eventually got tired of messing with the darn thing and returned it.Separately , I found it annoying that the tank dripped water when you took it off of the base to refill it . Also , on the cow , the top part with the spots and the horns is separate piece form the rest of the tank and when you take it off , there was also a lot of condensation built up between those two pieces so that dripped everywhere also.One bright spot - the return process via Amazon was really convenient .
 They have a problem with a fan that circulates the moist air . I had two of them and both died after about 90 days . I was able to solder-in a fan from computer cooling case to fix both units , they run a little loud , but at least it works . You would expect a $ 40 humidifier to last longer then 3 months .
 There 's nothing WRONG with it , but I guess it 's just not what I thought it would be . There 's a dial to determine how much humidity it spews out into the room , and it definitely does a good job of that . But , it has no sensor to tell if it 's empty and automatically shut off , or to measure the humidity level of the room and adjust itself . Plus , it shoots straight up , so I ca n't put it on top of my sons dresser/hutch or I 'll just soak the ceiling , nor on it b/c I 'll ruin the shelf above it . We used to have a shorter bookcase in his room that it sat on last winter -LRB- mostly when we need it -RRB- , but that 's gone now -LRB- and he 's in a bed instead of a crib -RRB- and I 've yet to figure out what to do with it this year . He 's old enough to reach pretty much everything in his room , and young enough that I still worry about his access to it and the cord and pulling it over . He 's two now , and I can see in a couple of years trusting him enough to set it on the floor and not worry about it , but not for right now.Update
 The Crane was very quiet for about two weeks . It then started to make gurgling noises for the next four weeks . We woke up one morning and there was water all over and the Crane was hot with no mist coming out . The fan had stopped working . It is now a pretty piece of junk .
 This product worked great in the beginning , including the auto-shutoff . However , after only three weeks of use , the product leaks through the bottom . Unfortunately , the item was fulfilled through Amazon and it is n't applicable for replacement , therefore I am stuck with a broken item .
 the top / container part has broken on two or three of these . i have stopped using these crane humidifiers !
 I really really wanted to like this humidifier . When I saw the kinds of humidifiers offered at the closest big box store , I wondered why they were so darn ugly and why someone could n't design one that was aesthetically pleasing . Then I found the penguin humidifier online and promptly ordered one . Well , it did n't work . At all . It simply did not turn on . Something was wrong with its power supply . I sent that one back to Amazon and got a replacement.The second one worked . It was easy to fill and the mist came out of its beak right away . However , the light at the front soon started to flash from green to red to green to red repeatedly . Upon reading the manual , I found that the light should either be green -LRB- indicating adequate water level -RRB- or red -LRB- indicating the need to add more water -RRB- . The sensor was malfunctioning and would alternate between thinking it had water -LRB- which it did -RRB- , to it having no water . Eventually , it would just stop misting . So I had to send it back and ask for a refund.A penguin-shaped humidifier is a great idea . Too bad these are poorly made .
 I PREVIOUSLY HAD THE FROG IN THIS BRAND AND THOUGHT IT WOULD BE RELIABLE , SINCE IT WAS THE SAME BRAND , TURNED IT ON AND IT FLOODED MY ROOM , LEAKING FROM THE BOTTOM , THEN IT JUST GOT HOT AFTER THAT LIKE IT WAS GOING TO CATCH FIRE .
 This product is adorable and worked really well for a little more than one month . My daughter and son loved it and it was n't too loud to have next to their beds . However , after 6 weeks of 3-4 night a week use , it broke . We followed the directions exactly and are really disappointed .
 I bought this for my daughter 's room , and it constantly leaked . We tried several different things to get it to stop leaking , and every morning there would be water all over my daughter 's nightstand . It led to her nightstand getting warped from the water sitting on it every night .
 Needing something to combat the dry heat of my apartment this winter , I ordered this humidifier . I was tired of waking up with red eyes and a desert-dry mouth . I set the unit up on a slightly elevated surface above my bedside and pointed its output towards me . Whether I fill the tank up entirely or not I still usually wake up feeling crappy and dried out despite having the damn penguin powered on full and pointed directly at me . It seems to do its job for the first few hours but then looses steam half way through the night . When I wake , its output seems weak and insufficient despite it still having water in its reservoir . I have no other experience with humidifiers so I do not know if it is standard for them to function crappily after a few hours of use , but I suspect it is not . Yes , it 's aesthetically pleasing , but that factor may just be masking some of the deficits in its performance .
 Worked great for the one winter we used it . When the spring came and I tried to use it again for my sons allergies it just let out a burning smell .
 I bought this from Target about a year ago . It worked well and pumped out lots of cool mist . However , my unit failed in a very bad way . The ultrasonic element overheated and detached from the base of the humidifier causing the contents of the tank to flow through the device -LRB- and the powered fan -RRB- on to my table and on to the floor.I suspect this device has a design flaw in the empty tank detector . It always shut off the fan correctly but I bet it never shut off the ultrasonic element .
 I purchased two Crane Humidifiers -LRB- Penguin and Tear Drop shapes -RRB- in the same order , both units were shipped together and arrived on 1/8/11 . Neither the shipping or product packaging was damaged . The first humidifier , the penguin shape , had a large hole in the sidewall of the base water reservoir , directly above the circuit board . The hole appears to have been caused during the assembly of the unit , as the break line was facing outward . I was lucky that I had n't plugged in the unit and placed the water basin on the unit before noticing the hole . The second unit -LRB- tear drop shape -RRB- looked undamaged , and I was more hopeful that the unit would work , 1 out of 2 would n't be as bad . Well , after examining the unit , washing it , loading it up with water , then plugging the unit in , the only thing that worked on the unit was the red power LED , and a very quiet electric hum . After leaving unit on for 5-10 minutes , nothing happened at all . I tried setting the power at 20 % - 50 % - 70 % - 100 % , nope , did n't matter.Normally I write only positive reviews , but receiving two units , both inoperable due to either poor assembly -LRB- the broken side wall -RRB- , or a non-functioning unit . What are the chances , unless the over-all manufacturing process was of such low standards . After this experience , I will share this information with my friends , so they can steer away from the Crane products .
 I have had the penguin humidifier for a year and it stopped working already.What a waste of money.It leaks a lot and the red light always comes on which means there is something wrong with it.Do not buy the penguin humidifier .
 The Penguin humidifier is truly adorable -- and for about a week it was incredibly wonderful . Completely quiet -- little penguin gently misted the bedroom . Then one day I smelled that electric burning smell and ran to the bedroom . There was plenty of water in penquin , and he was misting away -- but he surely smelled like something was wrong . I unplugged penguin and emptied the water and took a look . There was a small crack in the plastic base which seemed like it would allow water to leak through to the motor . Hmmm . Poor little penquin went into the trash -- I sent more plastic to the landfill . A sad end for all . I am hoping that this was just a freak accident of my penquin -- and the rest of the penquins and frogs and so forth are still going strong . But I do n't think I want to drop another 30 bucks to find out .
 I bought the penguin humidifier when my daughter had a cold . My wife and I picked it out , because it was cute , and a decent price.Every time we filled it , -LRB- and yes we followed all instructions with the unit -RRB- the output knob had to be adjusted , so that mist would come out . This just kept getting worse and worse . After about 60 days -LRB- using it only at night -RRB- the unit quit working.Evidently Crane does not exist on the internet , nor can you actually find who makes these units , to try to get a replacement.All in all a complete waste of $ 30 . Dont get it . Get something more expensive , and a brand name you can trust .
 I should have looked at the reviews before buying . My son loved being able to have Thomas in his room . However , much like the other two reviewers giving this a bad review , the plastic light piece on my tank also disengaged and fell into the water tank after very limited use . I was hoping there might be some way to fix it -LRB- as I figured it out before putting it on the base unit -RRB- but because I ca n't reach the piece , I have no hope of using waterproof glue to reattach . I agree that this is a major hazzard and the product should be recalled .
 This product always had problems . I 'd turn it on and I 'd hear the sounds of water bubbling , but no mist would come out . I 'd open it up and see all of the mist trapped on the inside . I learned that it would only work if I turned it on immediately after placing the frog head on top , while the water was pouring into the basin . So that was okay , it was inconvenient but I could deal with that . Then after a few months , it stopped working altogether . The green light turns on , and if I open it up I can see the water swirling in the center , but no mist forms.Even when it did work , it did n't do a good job humidifying the room . This product is more about looks than function . Not recommended .
 I received this product at my baby shower off my registry . The idea of it is really awesome.So , allergy season comes around , and its time to take this thing out of the box for my daughter . It does n't work . I open the manual , trouble shoot . The green light comes on , the waters full , I hear it humidifying , but the vapors are n't rising . I remove the water reservoir , and theres all the humidity , collecting on the bottom.Naturally , I call the company to tell them I just tried to use their product , trouble-shooted it as the book said , and it did n't work on its first run.They say send it back , and we 'll send you a new one . I say , do I have to pay for shipping , they say yes . I say how much , they say 12 to 14 dollars . I say , `` Well thats half the price of the product - What kind of warranty is that . I just opened this product for the first time , it does n't work , and you guys ca n't pay for the shipping ? I 'm going to purchase another humidifier , and go online and right horrible reviews about this product '' . So here I am . If you buy this product , and have problems with it -LRB- or it doesnt work -RRB- YOU , the customer , for their manufacturing errors , are going to end up paying for 1/2 of another humidifier.This company will not stand behind the `` integrity '' of their product . 1 star , I would not recommend this to friends .
 The quality of this product is very poor . After we use this product for about 2 weeks , it stops working . Other than that , it does its job . Overall I do n't recommend it .
 Just plugged this in for the first time - hope it works this well for the next few years.HA!Quiet , puts out good humidity.NOT ANYMORE _ Note that was before it quit working after about 6 weeks . After 1 week it made weird sounds when I turned it on . I found that if I turned the wheel in the base a bit it would work but that worked 2x . I think the fan is broken . It creates mist which either stays in with the water or leaks out the back bottom a bit . Not enough fan to get the mist up to the penguin 's beak.I spent too much money on this to have it break down after so little use . Will be contacting Crane on Monday for suggestions . I hate filters so will be looking for a better made product that is also filter free .
 Makes me sick . This lasted 2 months tops . I loved it if it would have lasted . Going back to Vicks , a product I know and trust .
 The lights went green then red immediately after I plugged it in . It then went as dead as a mummy.I 'll now need to contact the manufacturer and see what they can do for me since I was not aware of the one month return policy and did n't try the product soon enough . It 's not something I look forward to .
 I 've owned a Vicks vaporizer before that steamed the water and I thought that was noisy.This Crane humidifier just took the World Guinness Record for noisiest humidifying device . As I bought this for baby 's room it 's entirely too loud , it sounds like there is a traction engine in there.The mist comes out just fine and yes the unit is pretty cute , but I 'm afraid the noise is too much and this unit is being returned ASAP .
 Do n't waste your money . This humidifier is too cheap to work properly . Mine has been on for 5 days and has n't half run out of water .
 The unit did n't even work . I took it out of the box , set it up exactly as the instructions laid out , flipped the switch , and ... nothing . I returned it . The unit I received from Amazon must have been a really old unit or been in storage for a while . The box that the unit came in fell completely apart when I opened it - meaning the glue that held the box together was so old that it had completely lost it `` stickyness . ''
 My husband and I followed all the instructions for proper use . We left it on overnight in our room -LRB- before putting it in our baby 's room , thank goodness we did -RRB- and the next morning we saw that it cracked near the dial . The entire bottom portion of the penguin was cracked . This humidifier is expensive and a total piece of crap ! Do n't waste your money .
 When I moved to DC , I left my Bionaire warm air humidifier behind in CA , but the dry winter in DC left my skin a mess and throat dry in the mornings . I was recommended the Crane cool mist humidifiers by a friend . I bought the penguin one.At first I was impressed how quickly it started to work . Almost immediately and there was barely any sound compared to the warm air one I had . I put the Crane humidifier on the bedside table , pointed the beak spouting cool mist towards the bed and figured id finally get some rest.Except my dry throat and skin never got better . Not after months of comsistently using it , no change in my dry symptoms even when i slept right under the falling mist . And not in the summer when I kept the air conditioning on . Whereas , I always felt like the warm air humidifier I had before would aleaviate my dry symptoms ... So I 'm left scratching my head at this one . The mystery of why i find no benefit of something so well rated and regarded by everyone else.I 'm back I 'm CA now , left my cool mist penguin in DC , and enjoying the actual benefits of my old warm air humidifier .
 I bought one last month and it was already broken when delivered.It took over 10 days just to let the company send me a replacement partand took over 7 days to receive itand today I saw they sent me a wrong one.Looks like they did n't even understand what was the problem.I 'm going to request full refund for the product according to the warranty plan.But I quite doubt , this time , how long it 's gon na take more .
 There are too many nooks and crannies for pathogens like mold , fungus or bacteria . It is near impossible to get this thing well-cleaned . You can not get your hand or a scrub brush into the basin to thoroughly remove residue or film . I noticed that after a few months of use , the humidifier actually made my family and me very sick . We had flu-like symptoms and I was short of breath . It turns out the the cool mist humdifier was making us sick by dispersing a commonly found bacteria into the air -LRB- Serratia marcescens -RRB- . We could not remove the pink film completely from the humidifier so we threw it out . Actually , we had TWO - an elephant and a frog . We did n't have to worry about bacteria in the frog because it croaked within weeks of using it !! Junk . If you are susceptible to lung irritants , consider an evaporative humidifier . Check out this great info from the Mayo Clinic
 This seemed like the perfect Humidifier . Easy to clean , quiet , adorable . It worked well for a month and now it makes noise every time we turn it on so we cant use it anymore .
 The handle for the water ressevoir broke off the first time we used it . Otherwise it works OK , just be gentle on the handle .
 Worked geat for the four months I had it in my son 's room . Suddenly , just topped working today . Of course , it 's outside of the return window now : / I have the penguin one in my other son 's room , and a teardrop one in mine ... . Those are sill going strong . I guess I just got a faulty one . Still frustrating .
 It was working good for 2 months . Then one fine day . . it stopped working . No mist . I can hear the motor working inside but no mist is coming out .
 It was good for three months but after that it started making noise and crapped out after one year . Looks good but not the best product .
 I am not sure about it 's usefulness anymore.First , it covers my furniture with white film very often , making me dust every 2-3 days . I am worried it can eventually ruin my furniture.Second , I think I am getting sore throat from it . I stopped using it a couple of times , and every time I turn it on , i get a sore throat in about a day or two . . Sounds strange , maybe it 's not from the humidifier . But . . i stopped using it . I am thinking of returning it .
 I flipped the switch and it would n't turn on . Even the troubleshooting section in the manual said if it did n't turn on , then it 's defective.The control knob kind of felt cheap.The base of the penguin head was chipped but you ca n't see the chip if you put the head onto the body.As others have stated , the tank is difficult to fill because you turn the penguin body upsidedown to fill and it wo n't stay standing because the bottom is pointy -LRB- the top side , but you turn it upsidedown -RRB- .
 I can not believe the unhelfulness and unprofessionalism of this Crane company.I received the Penguin humidifier and it wo n't turn on . I returned it , and received another one . The new one does not work . I 've tried calling for customer support and tech support repeatedly , and it goes straight to voicemail . No one has returned any of my calls.If you are interested in buying a product with the backing of a reliable company , definitely stay away from this product .
 I had high hopes for this relatively inexpensive humidifier after reading the reviews on here , and it worked well for one winter . But this year , it makes a horrible grinding noise whenever it is operated . That despite following the instructions to the letter on cleaning and operation . And , of course , the warranty is only one year . So it 's heading to the trash . If you want to spend the money for a product that might get you through one season , go ahead . Those looking for a product that is actually reliable should look elsewhere .
 Never again . I consider myself to be a neat freak , and I 'm very conscientious about cleaning and maintaining our daughter 's humidifiers . In the case of this particular device I ended up buying bottle water from Lowes to assure the water coming out of the device was better than the average tap water in most municipal water systems . Still , I ended up cleaning the base -LRB- that holds the water prior to being humidified -RRB- every few days . Overtime the section that creates the mist deteriorated -LRB- black flaking -RRB- and the water in the base would become unsightely and looked like algea was growing on and around the black disc . It got to be such a chore to keep the water presentable -LRB- frankly it got to be so disgusting -RRB- that I finally tossed the device this past week and plan to buy another style , one that does not require a filter like our other model , or anything similar to this unit -LRB- i.e. HONEYWELL ENVIRACAIRE HWM910 Warm Moisture 2 Gallon Humidifier -RRB- . On the other model -LRB- Graco 4 Gallon Humidifier -RRB- we end up replacing the filter -LRB- Graco Humidifier Replacement Filter for 4.0 Gallon -RRB- every 2-3 weeks because the filter starts to turn color and mildew . Keep in mind , all of this has been happening with bottled water , which is a pretty expensive option for running any sort of humidifier for a 1 to 3 yr old , as we have.I am surprised more people are n't reporting the same problem we had with the CRANE humidifier . The product seems to have an inherent design flaw based upon our experience and we certainly do n't have the time to change the water and clean the device more frequently than we had been doing , which was 2-3 times a week . Who has that kind of time when you 're chasing a 1 and 3 yr old around the house !
 working after about 6 weeks . My husband has done all he can to try to fix it , but to no avail . Too bad , as we like the design and it puts out a fine vapor -LRB- when working -RRB- .
 This humidifier started to leak shortly after purchase , and even with a fair amount of effort to fix it , we were never able to stop it from leaking . Very cheap construction .
 This product went OK for a few weeks and then it was downhill . The components very rapidly went moldy . Both the water bath and the head of penguin constantly grew mold . The vaporizer caused large calcium deposits on the base . Eventually this unit failed after about 9 months . It did an OK job of adding humidity , but the maintenance and overall life of the product really do n't make it worth it . I have found numerous other products that are easier to maintain -LRB- no mold -RRB- , last longer and do a better job of humidifying for less money.I would not recommend purchasing this product .
 It just stopped working after 2 weeks , i should 've listened to people who said that on reviews ... we kept the head part of the penguin caz kids loved it , the plastic penguin head pice was $ 50 , i guess . pretty expensive !
 Do n't get me wrong . I really like this humidifier . Cute , silent , humidifying rooms very well . Actually I bought another one . The only thing I did not like was the tank shape . It was hard to hold to fill with water.The real big problem is
 The steam/vapor never rises above Sponge Bob 's Head . This humidifier will not help anyone . It 's very poor , and we do n't recommend it to anyone . The only thing that is great about this humidifier , is the night light . sorry .
 Bought a cow and penguin . Both died within 2 weeks . The fan continues to work , but the piezo does not vibrate sufficiently to generate vapor . May be the circuit is not designed to run at max level all the time .
 Lenny the leopard is a great topic of conversation when I have visitors to my home . He is a funny character ! He work for a single use and since then sits around like a true cat and does nothing . I take the loss of money I paid for him to be a humidifier as a lesson to myself . I will elsewhere for such needs in the future . Sorry Crane company , I have no time for your ineptitude.So if you want a fun ornament for your house like me , buy one . If you want a humidifier then find a company that actually makes one .
 The base arrived with a small crack in it . Filling the top with water and placing it on the base just caused the small crack to become a huge crack and needless to say , I had to send it back . I definitely do not recommend this product . Even if it did not arrive already cracked , it is so top-heavy that I really think it would have wound up cracked anyway due to the weight of the water pressing down on the flimsy plastic base .
 We bought this -LRB- Frog -RRB- last night at a local store . Granted , the steam looks nice and so does the frog as the colors match our boy 's room . We have another Vick 's humidifier that we were using in Sister 's room , and since we hate the filter purchases , we got this one . We also like the fact that you can fill it up in the sink , unlike the Vick 's . However , it just seems an awkward design as even after what I thought I filled it fairly full , putting it in the base seemed like I did n't . It was almost out of water in the morning . The Vick one can last 2-3 days on high humidity level depending on how full I fill it . Looking at it , its probably a 1.5 gallon though.So we placed it on the bookshelf , next to his monitor , which is a good 4 feet off the ground . It was also right in front of the window too -LRB- foot away -RRB- . This morning , the wife calls and tells me the backing panel of the bookshelf was all wet and basically ruined from the moisture of the unit , and moisture was all over teh blinds . I 'm glad we do n't have wood blinds , but the faux wood ones , or i 'd be pissed . The top of the bookshelf had alot of moisture too , but appeared to be undamaged . We did n't have the thing turned up max either , but between 1/2 and 2/3 's . We will move it to another table and turn down the knob again tonight and see . if not , then its time to return it and get something else . Another peeve , and I guess its the filterless ultrasonic design , is that on our vicks model with filter , we can let it run empty which drys it out from the tank and the filter -LRB- manual states to do it this way -RRB- . the Frog one has water in the bottom that we had to manually dry out with no real way to dry the tank in a similar fashion.Its a cute design , but for us , its not working well to our expectations .
 We have purchased three of these humidifiers -LRB- one for each kid 's room -RRB- and each one stopped working after one season . The gizmo inside that makes the water turn into vapor just stopped working , and no amount of cleaning and tinkering got it to start again . Since it happened to three different models we have , I think it 's an overall product defect and will certainly NOT be buying another one . If you do n't mind purchasing a new humidifier every season , this is the one for you !
 I 'm not sure if a filter is needed for this spongebob . When I first bought it last winter , the humidifier worked great , and it 's very quiet . But now it refuses to work properly . The vapor comes out from the bottom instead of the top holes . The reason , I think , is because its fan -LRB- in the bottom -RRB- stops to work .
 This humidifier works well and is cute BUT is poorly designed ... there does n't seem to be any way to take the top off for refilling without spilling water everywhere , and then it 's awkward to refill because when you flip it over it does not rest flat . Overall kind of a pain to use .
 Bought this after seeing good review in consumer reports . Could not agree less . I bought two of these one just stopped working after 4 weeks and I replaced it three days ago with another brand and sure enough second unit stopped working after7 weeks . What a waste of money . Shame on you crane for selling this junk and consumer reports I will not trust your testing any longer . $ 80 down the drain
 I ordered the product at October and then it stopped working just after one month . Please check other people 's review before you order it .
 Item did not work despite being brand new . Called Crane and they sent me other parts which did NOT fix the problem . Took two days to get a hold of them , no one answers the phone at their customer service line . After two weeks , multiple phone calls and extra parts being shipped I asked for a refund and I was told they `` do n't do refunds '' and I have to send the product 's power cord back and they will send me a new product . Quite frankly I 'm not interested in a product that does n't work , nor did I buy the product anticipating a two to three week issue . We actually needed the humidifier so I had to go out and buy another brand -LRB- which works wonderfully -RRB- . Maybe my product is a fluke but I was utterly unimpressed by the customer service
 I purchased this product and it was very cute . I opened my package and got what seemed to be a used product . There was water already in the tank , a large piece of plastic broken from the rim , and no instruction book . If you ask me , that is the definition of used . When I called about my problem , they said I had to return this one first , and then they would send a new one . They would n't do any fast shipping at all to speed up the process , and I was told it might be a few weeks . Sorry but it 's not my fault you gave me a used product ! I would not use this seller ... very poor service .
 This penguin while quite adorable , did not work and therefore became not so adorable . It did not function what so ever . When I called the 800 number as I was told to in the trouble shooting guide , I was only left with the option to leave a message . After doing so twice over the course of a day or two with no return call , I decided just to try a few more times not leaving a message but hanging up instead when I reached the machine . Aparently annoyed by my calling , a very rude man told me to stop calling and hanging up ! Wow ! What a horrible company this was to deal with , and I would recommend you stay clear as well .
 I would like to warn anyone away from buying this product . We purchased this product and when I went to clean it after a couple of weeks , I noticed there was some strange peeling of the black ring on the inside . Two weeks later I went to clean it again and the situation was worse - it looked like corosion and peeling paint and gunk . It was so gross , I just tossed the product and wrote Target about it , where I first purchased it . We also purchased the red dragon from the same set and it was doing the same thing . A total waste of money . Also , the handles are useless as the accompanying literature advises not to use the handles to carry the unit once filled with water .
 I purchased 3 of these crane humidifiers and none of them worked . The penguin would n't let the water into the into the water basin unless the tank was shaken lightly , so every 20-30 mins it would stop puuting out mist unless you went a shook the tank . The elephant had a big crack in the water basin . The Dragon 's nebulizer did n't work .
 It was broken when I opened the box , so I asked for exchange . Amazon was quick to response .
 I did a lot of research before buying this humidifier ; the engineering that went into it was offensive ! Replacing the cap after filling the tank was always a frustrating experience ; it would often take 5-7 tries to get the lid to screw on correctly . Also , I felt that the cool-mist technology was n't superior to warm-mist ; you can see the mist not dispersing into the air -LRB- cold sinks , right ? -RRB- . I took it back and got a Vick 's vaporizer ... it 's much better and simply picked up at Walmart during any regular trip ~
 used for one year , worked great , then cleaned it up -LRB- very carefully -RRB- for next winter but now mist wo n't come up , it can see it when i lift the water container but it wont come up . bad product .
 I purchased the cow first and used it for several months . I dropped the drum , which is admittedly my own fault , and it cracked . I tried to order a replacement from Crane , but it cost more than the humidifier so I purchased the frog . In terms of appearance , the cow is pretty cute . However , appearance did not compensate for performance.I have hard water , and even with a filter there was a lot of buildup . I cleaned it weekly with diluted bleach , but some of it was virtually impossible to get off . Even with this , the cow worked okay . However , I did not like the fact that the vapor comes out of the ears at a pretty low angle , so it tends to dampen any surface you put it on.Because of that , when the cow broke I bought the frog . I used it less than a dozen times when it simply stopped working . The light stayed on and it acted as if it worked , but no vapor came out . I checked the reservoir and it was full , tried disassembling it and reassembling it , but to no avail . I would recommend purchasing a less cute but more functional product , as I am very displeased my experience.In terms of positives , the humidifier was very quiet and did make a difference in the humidity of my small dorm room .
 I 'll admit that I bought this humidifer over other onse because I thought it looked cute . I also relied on other reviews that said that they have had great success with it . My problem with this humidifer is that it does n't properly work.The mist created by the humidifier is not fine -LRB- as in size -RRB- . And since it 's cool , it only rises about 3-6 inches from the vents and then immediately sinks . If you 're trying to humidify a room , you 'd have to keep it on all day and keep it up high.Filling the basin is more of a pain than it should be . It must be filled upside down and carried supporting the bottom . The manual recommends not using the handles when the basin is filled with water.The one thing I did like about this humidifer is that it is relatively quiet . Even at the highest setting , I was able to sleep.While this humidifer might look nice in a kids room , it wo n't do a whole lot . Better of finding one that works over one that 's cute .
 I ordered this humidifier for my desk at work and was twice disappointed . Each time there was a crack in the base , but in different spots . I asked for a refund after the second one . I 'm not sure if it was from poor packing , poor construction , or just the holiday rush by the shipping company to get orders out fast.I was very disappointed , since it looks so cute . I ca n't say how it works , since I did n't get a chance to use the item .
 I bought this humidifier for our kid 's room . Water level in device has not decreased even after 1 day of operation . It is just blowing air but not humidifying room.Thanks to Amazon 's return policy , I have returned this product .
 Bought the Penguin humidifier about three weeks ago , and it has not worked properly from day-1 . I have followed the instructions and the trouble-shooting suggestions , but the humidifier will not run for more than an hour without stopping . Tried it with the tank full and half-full , cleaned and dried the base , checked the float switch which seems to work , but after about an hour the red light comes on and the humidifier quits . A lot of annoyance from what appears to be a well thought out design .
 it broke within a month but it 's really cute . It 's just fragile and not well designed to be run on long term . or maybe perhaps I got a defect product . not sure
 Too heavy and cheaply made ! It has 3 different parts and you can not move it or all the water comes out !!!
 You can not move this item after putting water in it . Even after use when the water is all used up , it continues to spill when moved . Horrible design .
 I had many recommendations to get this humidifier because it is awesome . It seems like reviews for humidifiers are either love or hate and it was really hard to make a decision . We received it last night and filled it with water and set it on a table in the bedroom . It says not to put it on a wood table or carpet or a towel so my hubby went to get a plastic tray to put under it . When he got back he discovered it was leaking everywhere ! We ran it to the bathroom and drained it . That is when we noticed a crack on the inside of it -LRB- in the base -RRB- . Needless to say we are sending it back and I will never order a Crane again . A friend recommended the `` Safety 1st Ultrasonic 360 '' sold at Target and I am going to run down there and get it . Hopefully it wo n't have a similar issue . I would give this item 0 stars if it was possible . I know some people have no problems with these at all and have them for years and years , but after this experience -LRB- and I really needed this humidifier because my daughter has a cold -RRB- I will never trust this brand .
 When i first bought this product it was great now it wo n't turn on and its only few mths old . I do n't have receipt so can not return it just stuck with a broken humidifier .
 You literally have to be right next to it to make any difference . Wish I would have bought a real humidifier . This is more of a toy ...
 My unit was semi - dead on arrival . It leaked very badly . After some investigation , I determined that a plastic piece that should be glued/welding to the tank became detached , allowing water to leak . This piece is placed inside the tank and glued , not an easy repair . The unit is not usable.I called the manufacturer and they would not send me a free replacement without a receipt , which I unfortunately did not purchase on Amazon . They wanted $ 27 for a new tank . Total ripoff . Bad quality control . I will attempt to repair it myself .
 Product simply does not work . It will not form mist . But the motor will whir for you . Which , if the other claims I read here are on point , will one day lead to the product catching fire . So basically , this is one of the worst products I have ever come across . Looks cute , but it 's a piece of -LRB- dangerous -RRB- junk . All these creatures should be recalled immediately .
 I bought this humidifier for my daughter in college . She used it for one day and loved it for that one day . It did n't work again.So , because she was so busy with classes and did n't get a chance to return it within the 30 days we are stuck with a brand newhumidifier that does n't work . Lesson learned and scared to buy another one that might not work .
 It 's unusable when I got it , the gas/air does not come out from ears , but the back of the cow , which is not normal.Smells like burning circuit when it 's working . It can not operate normally , so I have to return . Does anyone know how to return this item ?
 I bought the Hello Kitty humidifier for my daughter for her 5th birthday in December -LRB- not through Amazon -RRB- . She loved it - said it was `` perfect '' ! Her review was very exciting because finding a humidifier that made her happy was very difficult . She is mildly autistic and the noise the fans make on most humidifiers is very troubling to her.Unfortunately after about a week the fan , which had previously been almost silent , starting making a horrible grinding noise . I called the manufacturer and they said the unit was out of stock , but they would send me a new unit in the middle of February . The replacement unit finally arived and it worked for all of 4 days before it started making the same grinding noise . The manufacturer sent me 2 replacement units , but both of them arrived broken so I never even got a chance to try them out . Now they will not send me another . They are sending a refund instead and doing an investigation at the factory . Explaining to my daughter why she ca n't have her `` perfect '' birthday present back has been a challenge . DO NOT BUY A HELLO KITTY HUMIDIFIER until they figure out what the problem is . It is very cute , but not worth the frustration!NOTE
 The inside of this tank has so many cracks and crevices that mildew and mold collect in spots that are impossible to clean , even with wire brushes ! I follow the instructions to clean it with vinegar and even do it 2x a week . It is used so frequently that the tank is rinsed and refilled a lot . I have another Crane -LRB- the tear drop shaped one -RRB- and have NEVER had a problem with mildew/mold growing . This Duck has serious design flaws ... it may be cute , but stick with the simple designs that can be kept clean !!
 I bought a second one since the first one seemed to work well for last 6 months . Putting out lot of humidity for my bedroom . 2nd penguin puts out only about 1/4 of the 1st one , minimally changed design , thought about returning it but the box is all ripped so I am just storing it at the moment.It is a quality control issue , now regreting getting the 2nd one ... -- Please note I tried to return the item for replacement , Amazon has requested I contact the Crane , the lady on the phone is nice but make you go through the usual loops to send it back , proof of purchase , RMA # issue , send it with the cord cut 4 '' etc. . . They make it very difficult but out of frustration I will send it back . Amazon is no help . -- got the 2nd replacement , same problem of minimal output , I have another same penguin model from 2 years ago , that works properly with good output -LRB- lasts 8hrs on fulltank overnight at maximal setting -RRB- . New replacement only outputs about 20 % on full tank at maximal setting overnight . Sending it back again and either try to get a refund or get a different model .
 The first one we received did n't work
 This humidifier ran great until I used a filter with it . Now it is loud and does not work right . I would not recommend this product as it requires numerous cleanings also .
 Worked fine last year , but it just stopped working recently . Used it for a total for 4 months , probably . Buy a better humidifier !
 Terrible humidifier - total piece of junk . We were sucked in by the cuteness , but it broke after just 2 weeks of use . Do n't waste your money . No we are buying a more expensive one hoping that it will last .
 My wife and I bought this product in hopes that it would add some fun to our son 's room and help keep his skin from getting so dry in the winter . The day I bought it , I dropped the container from 3 ft and it shattered . So I bought a new part . After a few months of use , the cable shorted out at the junction where it goes into the base . So I emailed crane and they told me how to obtain a replacement . The replacement got here today , and it does n't work properly . It does n't even have HALF of the output of the old one.UPDATE
 I really wanted to like this product as it is very cute and quiet however , I have gone through 3 of them in 2 years . We bought one initially in 2010 and sparingly used it the first year . Then I had a baby and we used it daily . The output was fantastic until a few months of nightly use and it started making a noise and intermittently quit working . We were able to turn it on and off a bunch of times to get it on . Had to do this every night . One day while I was carrying it full and the flimsy piece of plastic broke . The reservoir cracked and that was the end of that one . I bought another one because I loved how quiet it was and how much mist it put out -LRB- when it worked -RRB- . The new one had half the output as the first one so we sent it back thinking it was a dud . I also noticed the second one 's mechanism that makes the humidity had also been changed since the original . It was a different size , and color , and was a different piece of plastic . The replacement had the same issue . Barely puts out anything even on high . I did n't request a refund in time so we were stuck with it . It has been four months and now this one has intermittently stopped work . It makes a loud vibrating sound and does not put out mist . Too bad ... could have been such a good product .
 I bought 3 of these Crane humidifiers . The pig , the cow , the elephant . All of them ended up in the garbage . One stopped working , one i destroyed during the very annoying cleaning process , and another just cracked.If you want cheap short term use , this may be acceptable . I have two little children and having a humidifer in the north east during the winter is a must . I instead bought the Honeywell.Honeywell HCM-6009 QuietCare 9-Gallon Output Console Humidifier with Air Washing TechnologyTalk about beast ? If you leave this on high and come back in the morning , you have turned your childs room into a sauna.I love this thing , because there is no annoying cleaning process , and it holds 3 gallons of water instead of the 1 gallon this crane uses.I will never have to buy another Cane .
 Did n't use this product too often . Maybe a few weeks out of the year . We stored and cleaned it properly in between uses . A little more than a year after purchase , the internal fan became unbalanced and the unit developed a loud noise as a result . The noise was too loud to run the unit for our sleeping baby . So , in the trash . Hope you have better luck than we did if you end up buying this unit . We will be buying something else next time around .
 Got this very fast and timely , can generate a lot moisture , but have water leak after 2 hours use , returned it and as always , amazon did very smooth transaction in refund .
 Received the frog today and it worked right out of the box and is very cute but does n't do much to actually humidify a room . Will be sending it back .
 Adorable for sure , but problematic . I accidently ordered 2 at first . . Good thing I did because the first one I opened had a peice broken off in the base AND the head of the penguin was scratched . The second one was amazing ... for the first 2 days . The whole unit itself stopped working . I tried called customer service and tried everything I could and we were unable to get it going . So I 've had to return both of them . I 'm leary of trying out a 3rd one , as I mentioned it did work great , very Silent and adjustable ! , but I might try a differnt design .
 Am I missing something ? How this product got such good reviews ? Are these people using this product during summer or winter ? What I know about humidifer normally people use during winter . I live in virginia and I bought this product in December . I kept this humidifier on for 5 hours and the humidity monitor did not show any change . I stopped using this after 2 days and planning to return .
 We used this product for 2 days when my wife had a bad cold late in pregnancy . We followed all the instructions , kept it on the proper surface , and did not move it while full of water . It worked great for the first two nights , but on the third night it stopped working . It was an adorable design , but unfortunately it did not work out for us and I will not be buying this item again .
 Pros
 The humidifer leaked the first night we used it -LRB- all over the back of the dresser it was on -RRB- . I then ran it all day to see if there was a cause and it did n't leak again so I am not sure what caused it . I ended up returning it as there is no way to empty the base without unplugging the entire unit . This is very inconvenient if you plug yours in behind something -LRB- plus I noticed it 's easy to get the cord wet if you 're not careful -RRB- and the manual recommends it be emptied every night.On the plus side , it was very quiet -LRB- much quieter than 4 previous brands we have owned -RRB- , it looks great -LRB- we got the dragon -RRB- and puts out visible cold vapors .
 I read the negative reviews and choose to ignore them . Bad mistake . Yes it looks cute and yes it performs ok while it works . However after only a half dozen nights , it stops working , making a weird gurgling sound . The worst part is that then the water started to overflow from the base and leaked everywhere in the room . Imagine almost 1 Gl of water pouring on your furniture , floor and over an electric appliance connected to the outlet . Kinda scary picture in a baby 's room . Read other reviews . Does not seem like an isolated incident . Seems like a potential product defect .
 I used this for the first time today . During operation , it makes a pleasant bubbly water sound -LRB- not enough to keep you awake at all -RRB- . However , when I went to refill it for overnight use , I noticed it had leaked all over the table ! -LRB- Since this happened to my mother 's cool mist humidifier , I 'm wondering if this happens to all of them ! -RRB- It was also broken on the bottom -LRB- motor -RRB- piece , and had not been before use this morning .
 It worked when I tested it but I tryed to use it that night and it did n't work . I tryed 6 more times and the the only thing it did was make my sons dresser wet . I 'm returning it for a chep one that works .
 Not sure if others are experiencing this but by the time I need to refill the water , there is always mold build up in the crevices of this device . I had to constantly wash the base . For something that is meant for children , I would have imagine this device to be more mold and mildew resistant . After using it for a month , I gave up and tossed this into the garbage . Why add the extra stress to raising a child and worrying about whether this device is putting mold particles into the air.FYI ... I also own a Air-O-Swiss AOS Ultrasonic Humidifier which has never had this problem .
 First time I ordered this item was when my daughter was born and it was last about 2 years . In January 2011 , it stopped working so I ordered another one to replace it . However , after using the new one for a few weeks , the fan became so loud so I returned it and ordered a new one . This time , it was last a little bit over a month then the same issue occurred . I have to communicate with Amazon customer services for return because it is over 30 days . Luckily , the representative helped me to return it . I wo n't order it again . I think the quality of this product is poorly controlled .
 I 've gone through two penguins and one frog . They last for several months and then spring leaks . No visible cracks that could be caulked ; one minute they work fine , the next the floor is covered with water . So far I have n't had a problem with the Sunbeam 1120 .
 If I was reviewing the dog or frog humidifier -LRB- both of which I own and purchased from Amazon -RRB- , this would be a 5 star review . However , I purchased the penguin design for my parents home for when my young daughter stays there , and I was surprised to see this was substantially different from the other Crane humidifiers . The holes in the penguin -LRB- where the steam comes out -RRB- are in the beak , and are much smaller than the holes in the frog or dog . As a result , less steam comes out and it barely made a difference in my daughter 's bedroom , despite being on all night . You might prefer less steam , however you can easily do that with the frog or dog by adjusting the settings . Here , I had it on high and it was still ineffective.The second major problem was that Crane does not package the penguin in its box properly , and as a result there was a large crack across the base when it arrived - this was a cosmetic problem , but still , who wants to receive a broken product in the mail ?
 I ordered this for my son 's room . I used it once , and it worked fine . I did n't think anything of not emptying it b/c he would use it again that night . However , when I went to his room that evening , the humidifier had leaked all over his dresser and onto the floor . I tested it again later in the bathtub . I made sure I had it closed tightly and it was n't leaking when I put the container on it . However , it leaked again all over the tub . I was very disappointed and plan to return it .
 Product did n't work . It was broken.I tried to contact the seller but did n't have any anwser.Just loose my money.And the product was sent to other country and they do not have technical assistance .
 Please do n't purchase this humidifier at all . Only if I could give it a ZERO STAR !!! it has been no longer than 3 months before it totally broke down ... Even if I tune to the highest mist , nothing comes out of it . At the beginning , it worked and then it did n't work at all . I was really disappointing coz it 's not a cheap one . And I did n't use it often . I do n't recommend it at all , please do n't waste your money !
 The humidifier worked great for us , but we did n't use it in a while and it looks like it had some lighter colored stuff on the vibrating humidifier part . We thought it was a little mold , but after trying to clean it off we realized it was the paint flaking away , revealing the lighter color underneath . So that means that tiny paint flakes we 're mixing in with the water . I do n't know if those were small enough to aerate with the mist , but if so , that 's why I 'm giving it one star.We 're going to give Crane one more try . We just bought the penguin model . We 're going to keep an eye on this and put in another review if this happens again .
 I really loved this humidifier because it 's so cute ... even with all the maintenance of making sure it is cleared out every night etc my humidifier broker after 21/2 months . I 'm so upset because my return time is up and the motor just stopped running ... ugh !
 I purchased the Elephant humidifier for my son 's nursery , and it worked well for about 10 months . We did not run it every night - only when he was congested . First it started making strange noises when we would turn it on , which made us wonder how much longer it would last . Then my son accidentally knocked it over and the tank broke . We had it set on a small stool -LRB- about one foot off of the ground -RRB- , so we were surprised that there was a huge hole in the side of the tank after such a short fall . Given the strange noises it was making and how easily it broke , I would not recommend .
 I bought the frog humidifier back in 2008 and it 's still working great . When we had another child I got another one for his room , because we liked the first one so much . This time I got the penguin . Worked great until last week , now it does n't have any mist come out . I am very disappointed in how long it 's lasted , less than 10 months , and we did n't use it that often -LRB- only when he was congested -RRB- .
 We purchased this item from a different retailer in January 2011 , by October the fan motor went out . My husband tried to access the fan to fix the problem , but could n't . For the money , spend an extra $ 10 and buy a brand that starts with V and rhymes with `` sticks '' . It 's not as cute , but it will last a lot longer than the eight months that this one did .
 We bought ours at a retailer -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- and ended up having to take back two . The third one worked for about 2 months before the motor got so loud that it was n't worth keeping on . Other than the cute factor , I would not buy this product .
 It 's so cute , and even more worthless . I was trying to make a necessity not so boring to look at , but instead just wasted my money ! Mr. Duck only worked for about 2 weeks ... we retired him for a boring , normal-looking , less-expensive humidifier . And BONUS
 Even though super cute this is an extremely poorly made product . `` Steam '' blew up in the air and then fell on the floor making a huge mess . Carpet was soaked . Tried moving the humidifier higher up on a dresser but water just settled in same spot right in front of it.I 've had other humidifiers before and I could place them on the floor and never had to worry about huge wet spots on the carpet from where the steam fell.I 'd suggest another brand .
 As with the reviewer of the Wachsmuth & Krogmann Thomas the Tank Engine , that clear little plastic piece designed to light up the tank fell into the tank after the third time we filled it . Then water leaked everywhere , including onto the electronics . Apparently the plastic is simply glued into the tank and with even the slightest touch it falls back inside . When you place the tank back onto Thomas this piece fits over the other clear plastic piece that houses the actual bulb light . This apparently is enough to cause the piece to loosen and fall into the tank . There is no way to fix this or any warning NOT to touch it . In the course of normal filling its almost guaranteed you will touch this at some time . I dont know about you , but mixing toddlers , water and electricity is a recipe for DISASTER !! CHILDREN SHOULD NEVER BE ALLOWED ANYWHERE NEAR THIS PRODUCT !! THIS IS A MAJOR DEFECT AND SAFETY HAZARD !!!! THE PRODUCT SHOULD BE RECALLED !!!
 Have you ever tried to clean this product.Over time collects mold and build ups and it is impossible to clean it because it has too many hard to reach places !!! It does not spread the mist around either . So you end-up with a wet spot on the floor or the surrounding area.Overall I consider it quiet but hard to clean . I do not like the fact that when you change the water you also have to bring with you a large bowl to throw the water remaining in the base of the humidifier which is ridiculous.I have recently checked if the product was modified . The company has not made any changes on it for the last 3-4 years . I am looking to buy a different kind .
 We love this product . It has been a fun way to use a humidifier for out daughter . It 's easy to clean and care for . Love it.This was my original review . However , here I am three months later with a broken humidifier . I had cleaned it out for the season and was about to put it in the closet when our daughter got a really nasty cold . She has not been sleeping due to congestion , and I figured the humidifier would help a little . When I plugged it in and turned it on , the fan would n't come on . I have tried everything I could think of to come to the realization that it is broken . Perfect . And right when our girl is sick . I guess I should have listened to the other reviews , and not given in just because it was cute . I am currently trying to figure out what my next step is in returning it or getting it repaired .
 Shame on me for even considering buying a third . -LRB- 2 frogs and one elephant . -RRB- What can I say ... I liked them while they lasted . Stupid , stupid , stupid . Each and every time , they started out great , cute as can be , quiet as a whisper , and full steam ahead . After 2 months of once in awhile usage , the motor starts to peter out . The `` fan '' noise gets louder and louder until you become afraid to use it.I 've finally learned my lesson and will never buy from this company again . I truly wish the people who highly ranked this product to come back and review after a months.DON ' T FALL FOR THE HONEYMOON PERIOD OF THIS PRODUCT !
 This humidifier is very quiet , but gets everything around it soaking wet . The mist rises about a foot and then condenses on everything just below it . Sent it back .
 I really wanted to like the hello kitty humidifier . It was going to look great in my daughter 's room . I tried so hard to like it that we tried 3 of them ! Each one of them left a big puddle of water on her night stand . I called the company after the first one and they said that it sounded like the motor was n't working correctly there for not sending the mist up high enough in the room . So we returned it and tried again . Same problem ! I thought it must have been the ` lot ' so I went to Target and purchased a third unit . Not only did the third one leave a puddle on the table but it would n't turn off without unplugging it from the wall . We bought the Crane ` Frog ' and it is working beautifully . But it does n't look as cute in my little girls room !
 I received the penguin cool mist as a hand-me-down from my sister . At first it worked great ... but then I noticed the dresser it sat on was warped . Apparently , condensation had collected at the bottom of the cool mist and destroyed the wood that it sat on . I tried turning it down and that still did n't help . I had to keep a towel under it , and 2 days of it running -LRB- only at night -RRB- the towel was so wet that the water was seeping through the towel and onto the dresser top . The mouth where the mist comes out points forward instead of upward causing the mist to arch downward onto ... dressers , carpets , etc. . One person wrote that it dampened her carpet , which it does . I 've placed this one in a box and wo n't be using it again . Instead I got the soccer ball one , that one lasts a whole week without having to refill , where as the penguin had to be refilled daily . The soccer ball has small legs under it and keeps it from directly resting on the dresser . Also , the nozzle where the mist comes out points directly upward . You do n't even have to turn it up all the way . If you close the baby 's door , a light mist will fill the room perfectly . Since I 've had the soccer ball one , my son 's dresser and carpet have both remained dry .
 Just bought the Thomas the Train humidifier , and as I was filling it up a little bit of water went into the area that houses the light protector . When I went to soak the water out I pushed the protector into the tank . This is a recipe for disaster . Even before I put the tank back on the base I knew that the water would pour out of the tank and onto the base of the humidifier . I am sure that this would have been a great humidifier for my son , but it presented too much of a safety hazard for me . I agree this product should be recalled .
 This thing does not have a mist that shoots out of the kitty 's ears . It 's more like a vapor that stays right by the ears . We have a meter to measure humidity -LRB- yes we 're that dorky -RRB- and after a night of running the Hello Kitty machine the humidity did n't budge . We are returning this item and are going to get a good old fashined humidifier from Walgreens . Maybe we just got a dud because I read other good reviews .
 I absolutely love penguins & thought this humidifier would look really cute in my daughters room . But it only lasted 2 months before it just quit producing the mist . I took very good care of it but it just does n't work anymore .
 bad product , stopped working after a few uses less than 2 months . I would not recommend this product at all .
 We are on our third defective unit . Crane has been great about replacing them , but at this point we are done with Crane humidifiers and would just like a refund.The first two did n't produce steam . The third produces it , but it comes out the bottom .
 I just received the new version of this penguin humidifier which has the on/off button integrated into the control knob today . The humidifier generates extremely small amount of mist at max speed . It 's almost useless at the moment . I feel disappointed and sent the item back for a replacement .
 Purchased the Crane humidifier - Cow -LRB- model ee-4140 -RRB- . It was quiet and worked great for the 1st year . But early this AM it started smoking -- luckily I noticed this before it became a fire , before it became a tragedy.I see many positive reviews for this product , but fire has been a problem reported since 2008 and 2009 and the company still has not remedied it because it 's still happening . Crane is at best apathetic to this safety issue . Buyer beware .
 I was happy in the beginning . Then i had to clean it thoroughly , the odor appears from the residue on the bottom , it worked for a bit and started leaking very badly . It damaged the dresser it was on . I do n't like to bother with online returns , so i threw it away , still sorry for the money i spent.Don ' t know what to get next .
 THE VAPORS LAST FOR A FEW HOURS EVEN AFTER A REFILL , AND THEY ARE COLD . THEY DO NOT SPREAD INTO THE ATHMOSPHERE BUT WILL MAKE A MESSY WET SPOT ON YOUR CARPET ALL AROUND THE OBJECT . HARD TO REFILL ALSO .
 Basically it does n't generate mist at all . Just by having a bowl of water in the corner of the room , you have more humidity than this so called `` adorable '' humidifier . Do n't waste your money .
 I like the no filter function , but it does not work . It has steam coming out at firt , then it stops.Not recommand for others .
 It last about 3-4 days . No mist coming out . Read through the user 's manual and it seems to break easily if water gets into a hole at the water basin , which I can imagine happens to everyone in the daily refill .
 I originally purchased this so my frogs could have consistent humidity while I am at work and school . After a month of using this like a charm it stopped working properly and became quite a hazard . There are several reasons why it could have stopped working , but the main giveaway was the toxic smell of the inside parts frying . I noticed when I turned it on that the fog has been coming out from the bottom instead of the top . When I unscrewed the bottom to take a look inside everything was corroded . When I tried to reassemble it the screws where impossible to get back in.I am debating if I should have a crap product replaced with $ 15 shipping or recreate my own bludgeoning scene from Office Space.was it work the money I paid for ? Absolutely not . personally , I am done buying from Amazon .
 I do n't understand how these Crane humidifiers get so good reviews . I got a froggie for my son and a drop shaped one for our room . We only opened the froggie one , and these were the problems :1 - It always left drops of water on the surface where you used it . The instructions said not to put it on wood or a surface that may absorb the water . Well , all my furniture are made or wood . You can not put it on the floor , because it would be too low to send moist in the air . I had to get a small table that I did n't care for , and I used only for the humidifier .2 - It can not be too close to any walls because it wo n't be effective . You have to figure out a special space in the room that is not too close to the walls .3 - The instructions said that I you do n't want the humidifier to leave water on your furniture , to set it to a lower speed . I measure the humidity in my room , and this humidifier did not change it much at its highest speed , let alone the lowest.It was completely useless . My son had fun playing with his froggie , until he cracked and I did n't even care . I never opened the drop shaped one , and returned it to Amazon.Before the Crane , had a Sharper Image humidifier that worked perfectly .
 I picked this product based on it 's cute clever design . So it is probably my fault that the thing is totally useless no later than 15 days after I plugged it in . I would not recommend this product to anyone who wants a functioning humidifier .
 For the price , I 'm not sure if this was worth it . I am going back and forth between keeping it and returning it . It is cute but not as effective as I thought it would be.-edit 01/10/2012-So , after giving this a few weeks to run and see if it was a good product , I 've decided to return it . The person that this product was bought for has a very difficult time taking full breaths at night and easily gets dry throat , eyes , and nose . This product was so ineffective that we 've had to soak towels in water and hang them around her room to keep the moisture in . This is one of the best priced humidifiers out there but I would rather spend $ 10-20 more for one that does the job .
 You can see the mist coming out , but , there is no change to humidity even 5 feet away from it . Returned and bought a warm mist humidifier
 Terrible product . Worked only 5 or 6 times . Now it simply make a noise when started but does not produce mist .
 I bought this humidifier based on all of the great reviews . And for the first couple months , the humidifier worked great . Now unfortunately the red light continues to come on and the mist does not spray out . Apparently you have to exchange it within about a month of purchase , so I can not exchange it . I do n't know if I 'd really recommend this or not since mine does n't really work now .
 It 's very loud when working and I do n't believe it can be put in to a baby 's room with that kind of noise . Do n't recommend it for anyone or any baby who needs a sound sleep ...
 It looks everything is fine but no mist ! The fan is working . The light turns green . But no mist comes out !!! This is my first use !
 Have used this for 3 years and recently I 've decided to replace it with a more powerful one . The relative humidity -LRB- RH -RRB- is around 30 % in my bedroom . The room is small , only 12 sq metres -LRB- about 130 sq ft -RRB- and keeping it running all night only raises RH to about 40 % . It may be enough for a number of people but it 's still too dry for me.I remember that the manual says 1 gallon of water for 11 hours , so the output is about 344ml/hour ... almost the smallest output among all humidifiers . I 'd try one with output ~ 500ml/hr , or , 3 gallon/day .
 I 've had two of these units , and neither of them lasted longer that 6 months . They were fantastic when they worked , but ceased to produce mist and thus became useless . I strongly urge against this product .
 I ordered this humidifier because I 'd read some good reviews , and because it was so darned cute . Also , was replacing another humidifier that required filters , and wanted to go filter-less ... did n't mind using distilled water for this.I 'd read that this one emitted a plastic smell at first , but the reviewer stated that the smell went away in a day or so . Hence , I ran it in the living room first , to try to get rid of some of that smell before putting it in my 11 month-old-daughter 's room . After a few hours , one of my eyes began burning ! I thought it may have been a reaction to the humidifier , which did emit a plastic smell , but I could only smell it up close . So I was n't sure . The next night , I put it in my baby 's room , and within 10 minutes or so , my throat and sinus passages felt constricted and tight , could not breathe well , felt head-achy , my eyes were stinging -LRB- although not burning like the night before -RRB- , and my daughter awoke , crying . I turned it off , and in less that 5 minutes , all my negative symptoms went away , and my baby was back asleep . I aired out the room -LRB- which we keep closed to keep the cats out -RRB- too . I feel like it was having to breathe in the plastic particles that had us strained , and that continuing to use this humidifier would have negative consequences on my daughter 's health . We do n't have any serious sensitivity to smells/allergies , or breathing problems , so I was surprised.It is cute , and was extremely quiet -LRB- unlike our other humidifier -RRB- , but needless to say , I was extremely disappointed , and will definitely be returning this ASAP . Will be ordering filters for the old one ... never had those kinds of problems with that one -LRB- The First Years American Red Cross -RRB- . I have n't read all the reviews on this one , but I ca n't imagine that this has n't happened to anyone else ? Would give zero stars if possible .
 This is a nice humidifier , with cool vapor coming out the smoke stack and a light to make the train glow at night , like a big night light . However , to make the train light up , a blue light bulb protrudes up into the water reservoir , protected by a small transparent cap that is part of the reservoir itself . That cap is simply press fitted into the water reservoir - from the inside ! The cap fell out on the first refill and is very difficult to get back in position - one has to rattle it around , balance it on the end of a pencil inserted through the hole and lower it back into the hole . That done , the fit is so loose that it just falls out again . Some glue might fix it , but for now we have an expensive night light .
 The only good thing about this product is that it 's cute . After owning it for 10 months , it started to leak and I now have to replace it . Don ' waste your time with this one - spend the money to get a good one .
 The first night I used this humidifier , I thought it was great ! It was very quiet and seemed to do the job well . After only three uses , however , I have noticed that it stops emitting mist after about an hour , but the fan continues to run . The water in the base is warm , indicating that the motor is overheating . I plan on trying to return it today .
 The thing works , but BEWARE of rust ! The spring which holds the holding tank closed while upside down started rusting after a few weeks of overnight use . After four weeks I saw that the remaining water in the basin was red tinted and noticeable rust stains from airborne rust were all inside the unit . I took out the spring so I just need to rapidly turn it over and put it on after refilling . But i was shocked to learn I was pumping rust filled air into the babies room !
 I love how this looked in my daughter 's room . Dont buy it . I got one as a gift , and then it broke , so I bought another one to replace it . And after 2 months it broke again . I kept the warranty this time , and hope to replace it but what a hassel . not worth the money . .
 Worked a couple times , then after stop.I am very disappointed with this product.Just lights work but no mist.buy Crane Drop Shape Cool Mist Humidifier instead much better.Dont waste your money !!!!!!
 My boyfriend and I have used the penguin version of this humidifier for a month now with no problem . With that positive experience we ordered the tiger one for my place - since day one it has been leaking everywhere despite a tight cap placement . It ca n't even make lost because of it . This product will be returned ASAP for a refund or replacement .
 I bought this humidifer and it worked well for a while , but no matter how well I tried to clean the machine it got really nasty . The night light stopped working almost immediately which really upset my 4 year old daughter .
 I bought the penguin in April , but in May the penguin just stopped working for no apparent reason . I missed the window of time to return it . Now I 'm stuck with a defective product !
 Maybe I 'm just unlucky , but I received a bit of a dud with this Hello Kitty humidifier . It arrived with the pink bow broken off which I surmise occurred sometime during shipping , so I glued it back on . For two days , it worked fine . You could see the cool mist as it emitted from slits at the tops of the ears and , coupled with the soft purple night light , it looked great . By the third night , the light had stopped working , but at least the humidifier still did its work ... . for another week or so.I do n't know if this is normal , but there was an awful lot of loose water pooling at the base . And now , just a couple of weeks in , the humidifier no longer silent purrs . It 's hums and rattles LOUDLY ... having never been dropped or mistreated in any way . It looks GREAT in my daughter 's nursery , but at this point , it serves as little more than a decoration ... and a reminder that I wasted my money .
 Do not buy this item it caught fire after the first use , luckiy someone was awake to put it out or who knows what could have happened .
 2 months and this unit no longer works . I walked into my daughter 's room and it was off . I tried to turn it off and back on to see if that would work and nothing . :-LRB- VERY DISAPPOINTED because I thought this was the cutest and quietest unit I have purchased . And Amazon is not accepting this return because they say the time to return this unit expired . :-LRB- Now I have to purchase a new one . I 'M NOT HAPPY !! I do n't recommend this unit .
 Maybe I made a mistake with trying to go with a humidifier that has a fun look . The mist just does n't get out far enough into the air and after using it a couple times I 've let it sit for a few weeks.Recommend spending the extra money and getting the normal box type .
 I have the cow humidifier and just bought the frog today . These humidifiers are great !! I use them in my room -LRB- very dry -RRB- and they are so quiet and very easy to clean -LRB- no filters !! -RRB- . I had the orange and it was very cute but it did not work right . -LRB- kept turning off when it was full -RRB- The penguin was really cute also , but it did n't work after about 2 months . -LRB- I use them a lot !! -RRB- Overall , I love the Crane humidifiers -LRB- quiet , easy to clean and inexpensive -RRB- and hope this frog I just ordered works as well as the cow does !!
 Beneath its debatably adorable exterior lies a terribly designed and relentlessly frustrating product . The separated chambers do not lock together in any helpful way , causing water to leak out of every possible crack at the slightest touch or movement . Which is always a safe and fun feature for children 's electrical equipment . It 's hard for me to fully articulate how much we loathe this horrible piece of junk , and the only thing stopping me from drop-kicking it is the fact that it would explode mid-air and I 'd have to sheepishly pick up all the shattered pieces off the front yard . Still , I 'm planning a suitable destruction of it in the near future , something hilarious and permanent , that involves me looking directly in the penguin 's dead eyes .
 I am very disappointed with a Crane product I have recently purchased twice in the last week . I purchased the first Crane Adorable Humidifier -LRB- Penguin -RRB- several days ago and it slipped out of my hands as I was trying to place it in the base and it shattered . I threw it away and went back to the store to purchase a new one -- figuring it was my mistake for not holding it tightly enough . However , this evening when I was placing it in the base , I held tightly , but it again slipped and shattered into many pieces even though it was only inches from a carpeted floor . My daughter 's carpeted room is now filled with water again and I feel like I threw approximately $ 34 toward a faulty product -- twice . When I wrote to the customer service department to explain the problem -LRB- the sides of the penguin are so smooth , there is nothing to grip onto -RRB- , I got the following reply : `` Please rememeber to hold the Water Tank with both hands . `` Seriously ? Who would ever attempt to balance a gallon full water tank in one hand and place it on its ' base ? I am terribly disappointed with both the product and the customer service . Beware !
 this was the worst purchase ever ; it never even worked . I just threw it away ... it 's only use was a dust collector . buy a real humidifier .
 You do n't find out until you read the manual that you have to purchase a filter separately . Not included.Not good business .
 Purchased this humidifier to take with us on our trip for our daughter . The fan did not work . I had to go out to the store and purchase another brand .
 I was really looking forward to having this item for our nursery , and need it myself since Phoenix air can be so dry . When I opened it up I found that part of the rim that held the head on the body had shattered in transit , despite -LRB- or maybe because -RRB- it is force-fit into a heavy piece of styrofoam . I contacted Crane and they were nice enough to ship a replacement head , but the box it arrived in looked like it had been stomped on or driven over , and there was only one flimsy piece of bubble wrap inside . Miraculously , the replacement head was fine despite the poor packaging . But when I assembled the whole thing I found the unit would n't even switch on . No power . I did deal with a very nice rep from the company who offered to replace the unit , but after reading more bad reviews on Target.com , I decided this unit is not for us . So now I 'm 7 months pregnant , have been needing a humidifier for over a month , and have to take the time -LRB- and energy ! -RRB- to go purchase another one before getting a refund for this one , since the refund wo n't process for four weeks . I 'm sure the working units are just wonderful , but I get tired of having to go through such contortions with things that should arrive in working order !
 I bought this in the fall and it seemed great . I used filtered water and noticed that it eventually gave a crusty white powder in a huge diameter of wherever it sat . Then I began to notice that my husband and I both started to wake up with tons of fluid in our lungs . So we stopped using it for a few weeks . I just started using it again , but only during the day in a separate area away from our bedroom . I went to bed wheezing and barely breathing . I woke up today to a congested head and a constant cough with fluid in my lungs yet again . I feel like throwing it in the trash.This thing is definitely not for everybody and you need to monitor how you feel each time you use it . I went from trying to prevent dry nose and skin to feeling like I am full blown sick , all because of this thing . I wish I could put this review on all of the Crane humidifiers , I 'm almost certain it has to do with it being a `` cool mist . '' I found only a few other people who have reported this same issue with this same brand . It seems crazy since its meant to be used in peoples bedrooms and there are n't any warnings that it can cause pneumonia-like problems . Beware . ** edited 8/12Yes I in fact washed this thing numerous times . It did n't matter , same problem .
 Followed directions to the letter . . was trying to clean with vingear this afternoon , and sitting it in the wash basin , it broke -- agh plastic stuff -- this product is not sturdy enough to last . Cute , but useless ... it lasted only 4 weeks . . Diane Werneke
 I liked it very much , but it is already broken . It keeps going to the red light and at the same time it is full of water.When the red light is on does not work.I am very disappointed . It worked only a few weeks .
 i bought this humidifier almost 2 years ago when i was pregnant . originally it was for my daughter 's room . i used it when i got sick while i was pregnant ... it was in use almost constantly for 1 week . then i cleaned it and stored it ... when i got it back out to use it once my daughter was here , it would n't work . there are no broken parts and no obstructions . it just wo n't turn on anymore .
 Waited for the product to come - only to find it not working at all . Even a basic test would not have made this happen . Waste of time .
 After reading the reviews , and thoroughly vetting the humidifier -LRB- I thought -RRB- I ordered two of the penguin humidifiers . The first was for my daughter 's room , the second would eventually be for our bedroom . I ran the humidifier per the instructions the first evening , ensuring the stream of mist was n't saturating the floor . The result , the humidity in my daughter 's room never got about 20 % . She awoke the next day coughing and with a dry nose . The next evening I tried it on full throttle , despite the instructions . After running the whole night the room made it up to 25 % humidity -LRB- with my former humidifier it got up to 40 % -RRB- . In my last attempt I simply removed the penguin 's head , to see if that would result in better room saturation . Unfortunately , it led only to a very wet dresser and humidifier.Besides all of these negative tests , I had to refill the penguin half-way into the evening , since the reservoir had run out .1 / 2 star
 Adorable , yes . Functional , no.Darned thing came defective and would n't power on . Just did n't have the time to deal with returning it and missed my window . $ 30 out the window : -LRB-
 it didnt automatically shut off when the tank was empty !!!!! now it doesnt work and my boyfriend is helping me fix it ...
 Okay so I originally ordered two of these crane humidifiers , one Hello Kitty and the other Sponge Bob . The Sponge Bob one worked no problems , great . The problem is the Hello Kitty one only worked for about two hours and then stopped working . I tried to troubleshoot and all I could think of was empty it out , dry it and start all over , which I did and got the same results . I called the manufacturer and they told me it sounds like a faulty unit so they sent me the warranty information , which stated to return part of the item and if I wanted a replacement I needed to send in a check for $ 25 for shipping and handling , which I do not think is fair because it 's not my fault the unit does not work . I already paid for the unit which did not work properly from the get go and now I have to spend more money on it . I did not think that was fair .
 I bought like 3 units of this brand
 These have to be cleaned often and when you do the whole house reeks of vinegar . ugh . THey are cute and quiet , though . My daughter still loves it so I guess I will go clean it out again ...
 I 'll go with the pro 's first ... Its cute and blows lots of cool mist . Thats it.The cons
 I had a great time with this humidifier . . for the month and a half it worked . It was fabulous . . water in it lasted a few nights and kept us from getting sore throats in our dry winter air.Then it started leaking for no reason and ruined my bedside table . I wish I would have listened to the other reviews . Luckily , the people at Amazon were nice enough to let me return it -LRB- it OF COURSE started doing this 1 day past my return date -RRB- . I ca n't wait to get a new one ... from a different company !!
 UNIT LEAKED ON DAY 2 . CALLED COMPANY 'S `` CUSTOMER SERVICE '' - LEFT MESSAGE BUT AFTER 3 DAYS THEY DID NOT HAVE THE COURTESY TO CALL BACK
 I received this and set it up as instructed in my baby 's room . It was working fine . Then , about 2 hours later , I went back into the room and the humidifier was not working at all . I unplugged and re-plugged , turned it on and off , etc. . Nothing . My husband then took it apart and checked it all , then put it all back together and , following the directions again , set it back up and tried to get it to work . Nothing . What a waste of time and money . Amazon took it back and paid postage , which was the least they could do , but then I went back and read some of the other negative reviews and saw that one woman had her humidifier actually START A FIRE in her house ! Hold cow ! Pull this thing off the shelf before some baby is killed by the thing ! Amazon needs to stop selling these right away .
 This was a great little humidifier . It was cute & the elephant went well with the jungle theme of our nursery . I followed the manufacturer 's care instructions & was diligent about cleaning the tank & base . Unfortunately , after about 3 months of night-time only use , the fan started making a really load noise and we could no longer use the machine . I really expected to get more use out of this humidifier . We decided to forgo cute & buy a real humidifier the second time around . We sure hope it lasts longer this time .
 Got it -LRB- the frog -RRB- , filled it up and started it . Five days later going 10 hours a day on MAX it is still sitting at two thirds full . Not working .
 We purchased the pig , which is adorable but it does not change the humidity level in our 200-250 square feet bedroom . The hygrometer I purchased gives the humidity perecentage when the level reaches 20 % , otherwise it reads `` Lo . '' After trying it for 3 nights , putting it on as soon as we got home and shutting it off before leaving for work , the humidity level in our room did not get above the `` Lo '' reading . So even if it went from 15 % to 19 % that 's not a good level . It should be anywhere from 40-50 % using a humidifier . Yet a steamy shower in the bathroom next door will raise the humidity level in our bedroom to 21-23 % . So the hygrometer does work .
 What a cheap piece of junk . The plastic construction is so flimsy that it arrived with one cracked foot from Amazon . The penguin head fell off within a week while adding more water and broke into 3 pieces .
 I put a lot of research into purchasing a humidfier through consumer reports . What I discovered is there is not a ultrasonic humidifier on the market that has over 50 % of very good actual consumer reviews . This crane product had the best overall reviews I could find . After just a few days in began dripping water out of the bottom of the unit , which was one of the common problems in the reviews . My advice to anyone looking for a humidifier
 I bought both the panda and the elephant . The panda has two holes in which the mist can come out so it works great . The elephants trunk is not a big enough hole so its leaks out of the sides . I do not recommend the elephant and would stick with an animals that has two holes for the mist to escape out of . I am returning it today !
 I have one with tiger , i thought its fun for kids . However careful you are , it is going to wet your furniture and carpet . I am going to throw away mine .
 I purchased the frog one year ago . I had problems with it off and on and now it does n't work at all . No vapor . Cute but not worth the money if it does n't work !
 I purchased this item -LRB- frog model -RRB- from BRU right when the weather became cool and dry -LRB- live on the East -RRB- . Used it in nursery room approximatly 250 square feet . The item does not humidify . I have two temp/humidity guages ; one kept in bedroom down hallway and one in the nursery . After running frog humidifier in nursery for several hours -LRB- i.e. , 6 + -RRB- , humidity % same in both rooms . Mist is visible and would assume it is working , but I feel the problem is that the mist blows up onto the air and falls right back down to the floor . I have it on a non wooden surface at about 4 feet high . Turning fan to lower setting so mist does not fall straight down does not increase effectiveness either . The only thing that works is if turn the ceiling fan on to reverse -LRB- pulling air upwards vs blowing air downwards -RRB- . The fan will then `` pull '' the mist upwards and disperse . However , this is not ideal as still with fan on reverse , causes a draft , not good for sleeping infant . In summary , after weeks of using and following all instructions , item 's ultimate goal is not met , does not humidify a room approximatly 250 square feet , even afer hours of it running .
 i was so excited when i got this little guy , showed him off to all my friends and enjoyed good rest for a week . Then ... it just stopped pumping the mist out , it went from billows to trickle feed . so I cleaned it really well plugged it back in and still nothing . At first i thought it was just me , but then after a quick google search it seems these guys are real hit or miss if you get one that works . Before you buy , I recommend that you google for reviews and see just how many people have defective ones.again , really bummed . because now ill have to get one that works and isnt cute at all .
 We purchased two of the adorable 2.1 Gallon Cool Mist Humidifier , Penguins . One did n't work AT ALL . The knob was obviously defective . It would n't turn at all . Guess they do n't check for quality at this place . The other one worked great for all of 5 mins , then it sounded like the fan hit something and ever since it makes a loud noise.I contacted Crane about this and they wanted us to send them back at our own cost , then wait for them to ship us new ones . They should have sent new ones overnight . Do n't get this . It 's not even that cute .
 This item broke within two weeks of purchase . Purchased from Target so did n't keep the receipt . Be sure to keep your receipt because this thing will probably break as the other reviewers have written . Buyer beware ! Spent $ 40 on a paperweight .
 We got one of these for our son 's tiny nursery -LRB- about 8 ' 6 x 12 ' -RRB- to help with the lack of humidity in winter . He loved it . He named it Fred . Not only is Fred impossible to fully clean . Not only is Fred difficult to fill without your arm breaking off . Not only is Fred noisy . But Fred does n't humidify . At full blast , it would take literally 3 days to deplete a single tank.And I wish it was confined to the first one we got . We got 2 replacements from Crane that worked the exact same way . Their customer service was fantastic and very polite , but the product is absolute garbage . I considered trading Fred in for a drop , but the drop suffers from the same filling and cleaning issues . I 'm going back to Kaz in a big way .
 After using this for about a month the spring corroded , turned the water a horrid shade of yellow and stained all the plastic the same color . It is past my return date according to Amazon . Too bad because my daughter loved her hello kitty humidifier ; try to explain to a 4 year old why I am not going to buy another one : -LRB- 9/23/12 Contacted crane , they shipped a new cap for the tank to me .
 I bought this from Target when I was sick with a cold and 6 months pregnant . It appeared to work , which is to say it visibly produced steam that evaporated into the air.However , I did n't notice it actually changing the humidity of the room -LRB- or my nose -RRB- and the thing flat-out broke within the month of purchase . It started making such a loud noise that it rendered the thing un-usable . It also started emitting a moldy smell , again , after less than a month ... I tried cleaning it according to the Crane video on YouTube . To no avail . The thing is junk.It 's cute . That 's the entire value of this piece of garbage . So kudus to the designers . And an F for the engineers ... For fellow consumers
 I bought this product because my daughter needed a humidifier and loves Hello Kitty . The humidifier is cute , and works fine as a humidifier , but the night light feature is faulty . The first light went out after a couple of weeks and the manufacturer does not make a replacement light so they sent me a new humidifier . Once again , that light went out after a couple of weeks . I 'm not going to bother asking them to send me a new one since the humidifier still works , but my daughter really liked the night light feature and is disappointed that it does n't work.So , honestly , do n't waste your time on this one .
 only last for one month , then the motor went extremely loud . It says normally it does n't require filter , but I do n't think it works with tap water for a long time .
 We bought our humidifier a little over a year ago . It is quiet , cute and effective . However despite our best effort to follow the manual recommendations for cleaning and maintenance , Black Mold is an issue . I can not clean the black mold from inside the tank , It is impossible to get it go away . I can no longer use our humidifier until I can figure out how to get the mold out , for fear of making our children sick . I will likely replace it with a different humidifier .
 Read the reviews and thought it would work great . Worked perfectly for the first month and now wo n't blow out steam . I bought it for my son who is n't even a year old and not impressed that it only worked for a month . I will look for another humidifier .
 I loved this humidifier ! It worked very well for a month , and then the fan that blows the mist up died . For $ 40 I expected this machine to make it all winter . I am going to buy another and hope this was a fluke .
 I bought one of these for my son -LRB- a red dragon version -RRB- and it 's great . I love it . This Hello Kitty one though is rubbish . Sometimes we turn it on and it works , sometimes it does n't and when it does n't it makes this really loud whirring sound that wakes up the baby -LRB- and anyone in either of the rooms next to hers -RRB- . It 's done this since we got , we should have sent it back but never got around to it in time .
 I purchased this product and it was very cute . I opened my package and got what seemed to be a used product . There was water already in the tank , a large piece of plastic broken from the rim , and no instruction book . If you ask me , that is the definition of used . When I called about my problem , they said I had to return this one first , and then they would send a new one . They would n't do any fast shipping at all to speed up the process , and I was told it might be a few weeks . Sorry but it 's not my fault you gave me a used product ! I would not use this seller ... very poor service .
 This item is cute , I love penguins and I needed a humidifier so I thought this was perfect . However the mist pretty much shoots straight out then falls to the ground it doesnt fill the room properly , making it not so effective .
 I have three of these same Crane humidifiers . One die after 2 months of careful use , one is still working but with loud noises , the other one got over heated while the water tank was full during my sleep at night . We do n't have hard water , and i often clean the units.Becasue of the over heating problem , i dicided to not to buy any more Crane for safty reasons .
 Loved it at first , although keeping the mold out of the base where the water is is constant work , but maybe that 's part of humidifier upkeep ... this thing started flickering on and off after just one winter season :-LRB- Cute as all get out , but does n't serve it 's purpose
 This product has worked on and off since purchase ... each time I was frustrated and ready to return it , it would function correctly . It appears to be a motor or fan shortage , sometimes being very loud and we have to turn it off .
 this item is rubbish ... it leaks , quite dangerous since water and electricity do n't mix . i got it , plugged it in filled it 3/4 full and had to stop cause water was all over my floor.i have already packed it up and will return it asap .
 Had always favored the Crane brand from prior purchases.Not anymore.We had 15 inched of snow and really needed some inside humidity , and NADA ... Hope manufacturer will replace
 I just received this product and it was defective -- did not work at all . It actually looked like the box had been opened . Maybe it was a previous return that was not taken out of inventory . Anyway , whatever the reason this is poor quality control.I am returning it and trying again .
 The indicator light never came on when I plugged it in and turned on the switch . Per the instructions in the booklet I returned to retailer -LRB- Amazon -RRB- for refund . Sorely disappointed .
 I have the penguin version , which I just received . I measured humidity using a hygrometer . At full power , after seven hours , the humidity increased a mere 10 % -LRB- 22 to 32 percent ... still dry by many standards -RRB- in a small 10 x 10 room.I therefore can not recommend this device ... it is inefficient.At the highest output , which I used , it is very , very noisy -LRB- water bubbling -RRB- . I simply do not understand the misguided positive remarks here .
 I PURCHASED THE CRANE Ee-8189 OWL HUMIDIFIER BASED ON ITS VERY GOOD BUYER REVIEWS . IT JUST GOES TO SHOW YOU THAT SOMETIMES YOU CA N'T BUY A PRODUCT BASED SOLELY ON WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT IT . FURTHERMORE A GOOD PERCENTAGE OF AMERICAN BUYERS ARE NUTS !!! 1 . THE PRODUCT IS CUMBERSOME WITH ITS THREE ODD SHAPED PARTS .2 . THE PRODUCT MAKES AN ANNOYING WATER DRIPPING SOUND WHICH TAKES SOME TIME TO GET USED TO IF EVER .3 . THE COOL AIR MIST IS DIRECTED STRAIGHT UP WHICH DOES NOT REALLY SPREAD THE MIST THROUGHOUT THE ROOM .4 . UNLESS YOU WANT TO USE IT FOR A DORM ROOM OR YOU 'RE LESS THAN A TWO YEAR OLD DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT .5 . I GAVE IT TWO STARS ONLY BECAUSE IT CAME IN A NICE , CLEAN STURDY BOX . OTHERWISE IT IS TRULY A PIECE OF JUNK .
 I think most of these `` Adorable '' misters end up on landfills quicker than they add moisture to the air in your room . Mine made it to three weeks . Cleaned it per the instructions , but the parts are pure Chinese junk.For every one thats returned , I 'm sure most people just throw it away and try something else . There are many negative reviews for this product , but more within the last year . Originally years ago , it might have been made better . But even the Chinese now , are making their products without the slightest idea of pride or craftsmanship.Shame on CRANE for not making a very simple , uncomplicated product , right in the first place !
 After filling this for the first time and setting it up we noticed that all the water in the tank just leaks out the bottom of the unit . That 's an entire gallon of liquid on your table in about 2 minutes.I 've since checked online and others have had this problem . Looks like some of the units crack inside and the water just flows out of the base.It looks cute but that is even worse if your little one wants to know where his penguin is and why it ca n't be in his room.Avoid or at least check other reviews .
 Great product at first and I only used it about every 3-4 days for 5 weeks , then it broke . The humidifier no longer turns on and I am just barely outside the return window . I 'll end up buying another one from a different company .
 Bought this product less than a year ago and used it for a few months during winter at which time it worked without any problems . Recently , it stopped working for no reason . The motor inside started making funny noises and no vapor comes out . We stopped using it to prevent a fire hazard . It is a cute product but quality is very poor . Will try to contact with the manufacturer to see if we can have it replaced or get a refund -LRB- which I doubt !!! -RRB-
 I bought this last week . My 3 week old has a cold . I just took this out of the box and it wo n't even turn on ! I am so mad . I ca n't get another one at this hour and my newborn will have to suffer another night . It is heart breaking hearing his snuffles and now I have no solution to help him out thanks to this poorly constructed produce . Do not buy .
 The humidifier worked good for about 20 days with no problems , then started making bit of fan noise and stopped generating the mist . Right now it still does the same and has n't worked from last week . Getting a replacement to see if its a problem with the one i got . Till then this crane is a crooked one star .
 HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SUPPORT AT CRANE !!!! My humidifier cracked and they only said I could order new part . Humidifier is HARD TO CLEAN and also LEAKS !
 I bought this on October 18th 2011 and it broke on December 6th 2011 . The knob to turn it on broke and it would not turn on anymore . Not happy about that .
 I bought this humidifier from Target and brought it home to set it up immediately . I was excited by all the great reviews that the product/brand received . Unfortunately , this one did n't even have a chance to break because it never started working properly in the first place . While I have no doubt that this is a great product for those of you whom it actually worked for , I was not able to enjoy the same experience . I only gave it one star because there was not an option to leave it starless or that would have been my choice . I believe that a products that do not work properly to begin with do not deserve to be on the shelves at popular stores , only to have consumers like myself purchase them and later have to deal with the hassle of returning the product due to a defect .
 We bought the cow and crane humidifier last year and barely used them . They are perfect for a childs small room . And hopefully they have white furniture because it DOES leave a film . This year we bought the Honeywell HCM-300T QuietCare 3-Gallon UV Tower Humidifier and L O V E it !! You can control the humidity level and it is quiet . It is easy to fill and clean & comes with a filter . When it got really dry the winter and it was like 11 % in the house I can crank this baby up to 35 % and then switch it down so it will auto start when it gets below the desired level . I think we bought it at our local Home Depot store .
 Our Penguin worked well for about a year , but then the warranty ran out and BAM ! It shut down and leaked water all over the floor . We emailed Crane and asked for a repair center - they said that our penguin is defective , but that since we 're out of the one year warranty time , they will do nothing .
 I ca n't actually comment on how well this product may work because it has never worked.We bought this humidifier intending to use it in my child 's room . Having bought it late in the winter , it was left unopened in the original box because we did n't need it immediately.Now in September , we 've opened it to discover that it is DOA . Does n't work at all , no red light , no sound , no smell , no nothing.It merely looks cute.We 'll either keep it as a cute door stop or it 'll be in tomorrow 's trash.Sadly , I 've lost enough interest in it where I feel no outrage , just disappointment .
 I have had the penguin humidifier for less than a year and it is already broken.Do not waste your money on getting this one .
 although cute , not nearly as good as my penguin crane humidifier i bought a few years ago . maybe they changed them a little , but the red light was always on . i had to jiggle the machine to get the green light back . returned it to bed bath where i got it and am now testing out the duck . they didnt have the penguin !
 I bought this for my daughter 's room.After several months ' use , mist did not come . I opend it and check what is the problem.Problem is , it uses small brushless fan to blow mist . once it is broken mist come to fan room and burn fan 's motor . I checked out voltage from control board . it was 30V but fan is for 18V . In the view of safety and durablity , it is poor .
 This humidifier is horrible . First of all , it is made of the # 7 plastic that has all the toxins including BPA . Why are corporations allowed to use this in children 's products ????? I left the thing on all night and when I went to check on my son , I noticed no noticeable difference in the humidity and my carpet was soaking wet . All of the mist went up and then straight down into the carpet.I did n't have good luck with this humidifier . Good luck to you if you decide to purchase it . I know others have liked it , but it just did n't work for us .
 The Crane Hello Kitty humidifier Leaked the very first 2 days . Returned it for a refund already.Bought this item for my 3yr old who could n't wait for it to arrive . Looked cute in her room and she loved it as a night light too . It looked fine in the morning when i went to shut it off but by noon the water had somehow leaked onto the bookshelf it was on . Adjusted the O-ring and tightened the water reservior cap and tested it one more night . . same leaky result . A real shame as we really wanted this to work . Got to add that we also own the Crane spongeBob humidifer ... over a year now . No issues there and our son loves it.If you like to pretend you did not read this review about the Hello Kitty humidifier and all the other negative reviews on amazon and -LSB- ... -RSB- , ... at least make sure you are buying it from a merchant that will give you no hassle with returns/exchanges . Good luck .
 We mainly used this unit for our baby 's room at night so he could sleep better . This unit worked awesome as the review say -LRB- quiet , lots of mist , simple -RRB- for the first 3 months . Plenty of mist , cute and simple to use . Everything seemed perfect . We changed and cleaned the unit following the instructions but there was build up on ring that create the mist and it stopped working.The company replaced the unit under warranty and I had to pay for shipping . They sent me a complete replacement which was nice , but I was without a unit for several weeks . The second worked great too for about 3 months . we stopped using it for a few months and when we started again it would only work when tilted slightly.I will be trying a different unit now because I need something that is more durable .
 I have three Crane humidifiers at home . One broke after a couple of summers . One started having over heating problem during my sleep last night while the water tank was full . I was afraid it would catch fire , so decided to toss it .
 I bought this humidifier for my daughter because she desperately wanted a Moo Cow toy and this was so functional and cute . She loved it . I had a basic cone style one from Crane that has lasted for ages so I thought this would be a good buy . Unfortunately it just stopped working over a month ago . No warning sign , nothing we can find wrong with it ... just stopped ! I bought a Penguin one for my infant 's room and a similar issue has occurred so I am quite disappointed with this brand now . Very short shelf life for the fun kids ones it seems .
 I originally bought this humidifier because it was inexpensive and had a small footprint -LRB- ok , fine , and it 's cute -RRB- . However , after using it for about a week I found that I was n't getting any benefits that are supposed to come with a humidifier . I put a humidity sensor in the room , right by the humidifier , and found that humidity was at an average of 4 % . Turning up the density of the mist had no other affect than making the carpet wet.I am looking elsewhere for a product that actually works .
 After probably ten to fifteen uses , our Spongebob model stopped working . Lights still come on , and we can hear the motor running , but no mist comes out . Seemingly this is n't an isolated occurrence , will not be purchasing from this company again .
 I got the penguin one . However , they probability sent me an old version of the penguin . OK , it is quiet . BUT it is not so powerful ! I saw other buyers videos from the comments , but maybe ONLY that version of PENGUIN is powerful enough . I actually did n't see the strong mist came from penguin , the mist was weak !
 This is as cute as a button and when it works , it 's great . Our first one simply stopped misting after about two weeks . Amazon was great about sending us another one . That one stopped working within three days . This time I missed the window for a return so we are out $ 40 . Supposedly there is some sensor that might not be working , but two in a row is either bad luck or a bad product . We took extreme care to make sure we followed the instructions and still bombed out . I guess now I 'll hunt around for a new sensor . Not sure what else to do but this is a pretty expensive piece of nightlight right now .
 The shipment was super slow , it took almost 2 weeks before i receive the package.Then i opened the box read the instruction , plug the humidifier into the wall but NOTHING WORKS!This product didnt even work for once , at first i was saying to myself maybe it needs to warm up a bit but after 30min of waiting still no lights.I was very very disappointed in this product , will never order from this company ever again .
 From the moment I turned it on it left a chalkie blueish film on my tv , furniture etc. . Sent it back !!
 Humidity in my bedroom was 15 % before I turned the penguin on , after 24 hours it was only up to 19 % . That is almost nothing . It just does n't put out enough vapor . Yes the fan was all the way on . My bedroom is 17 by 17 feet . My old Welbilt humidifier that I bought some 15 or 20 years ago works well and will take the bedroom up to 40 % humidity . Guess I will have to clean it up and start using it again .
 This model broke within a day of receiving , but the other two versions seem to be operating well after two weeks . I recommend the Penguin .
 Purchased the SpongeBob Cool Mist Humidifier for my son 's room . The unit stopped working completely -LRB- does n't even light up -RRB- 30 days after set-up , and of course my returning window expired a week ago.PRODUCT = FAIL
 The 2nd humidifier they shipped works fine ... The first one had a crack and leaked . I returned it via UPS . Two weeks later Amazon said they did n't have it . I spent a LONG time on the phone and thought it was straightened out . 30 days after the order I got another e-mail saying they charged my credit card because I did n't return the first one . I spent another LONG time on the phone with customer service . They promise me it will be taken care of . Why do I not believe them ?
 This humidifier worked wonderfully for the month it functioned - easy to clean , easy to fill , and it 's cute ! However - after a month of normal use it fell apart.When I went to bed last night , the elephant was puffing out mist from its trunk as it had been daily - but when I woke up this morning , no mist was coming out -LRB- even though the reservoir was 1/2 full -RRB- and water was all over the nightstand . When I picked up the reservoir , water leaked out the sides , and the cap fell apart in my hands when I unscrewed it to inpsect the machine.It had not been dropped and had been used exactly according to the instructions . I ca n't return it because the return-period expired two weeks ago . : -LRB-
 It worked great at first but the motor now makes a grinding noise and will no longer run . 3 weeks of good use but no more . The nightlight is very good .
 OK so I decided to buy this cute little humidifier thinking it would suit my needs as it was supposed to put out 2.1 gallons of water per day . Well , this thing has a one gallon tank and it did n't empty for 4 days of me running it on high!This thing barely puts out ANY humidity ... the ONLY thing I would use this for is to put on a kids nightstand right by where they are sleeping.Outside of being a cute LITTLE humidifier for a nightstand , this thing is useless !
 I bought a Crane penguin humidifier in 2009 and it worked fine for 1 year before breaking down . I was n't too upset as this was a lower end model and I had used the humidifier everyday for at least 8 hours.To humidify with my extremely dry apartment , I bought a new crane penguin humidifier . Unfortunately , the new crane penguin was not up to standard ! Crane has improved its design , making it easier to clean . However , do note that this new humidifier produces ONLY A FRACTION of the mist -LRB- 1/5 of mist compared to my 2009 model -RRB- ! I think this is an attempt to increase the intervals -LRB- approximately once every 48 hours -RRB- before one needs to refill the humidifier . I actually bought and returned this humidifier twice before giving up and switching to the SPT penguin humidifier -LRB- cheaper and works well -RRB- .
 i bought two of this brand . the frog shape one works great for already 1 year . the kitty shape one broke in about 1 week . it generated loud grinding noise . i had to return it .
 We bought this item , and it broke within a few months -LRB- the knob would n't `` click '' off so you couldnt turn it on or off -RRB- . Then we purchased another one , and it broke within one month -LRB- this time it started making noises and it just blows air , not moisture -RRB- .
 I have two similar humidifiers purchased in Japan -LRB- frog and polar bear . -RRB- I was eager to have the dragon for my office . Unfortunately , the Crane version is inferior to my Japanese brand -LRB- Hirotec . -RRB- The plastic is much flimsier and the mist is minimal from the Crane humidifier , even using a voltage converter . Would not purchase another Crane humidifier .
 After lots of research , we finally settled on buying the Frog Crane humidifier for our little baby 's room . We placed it on a dresser , kept the water tank full , and cleaned it once a week . We were happy with it , and it was a cute accessory to our little baby 's room . But alas , like many other reviewers , after 60 days our lovely little frog just stopped working . I called Crane customer support and they offered little help . So now I 'm back on the search for a good humidifier . However , this time , I 'll trade cute for functional .
 After our initial purchase of this Elephant shape humidifier , less than 45 days in , it started making a really loud fan noise from the underside fan and would inconsistently start fanning loudly when we ran it - unfortunately , this often happened at night and woke our heavy-sleeping daughter up -LRB- we live in NYC on First Ave. -RRB- . We promptly returned it to Amazon and got a replacement which died after 34 days with no just cause . This was on a flat surface , atop a dresser , and was consistently refilled . Because it was beyond the first 30 , we could n't re-return it to Amazon and now we have a dead unit.All the negative reviews on Amazon mention one or both of these issues so I ca n't in good conscience recommend this to anyone . You do get what you pay for and we have purchased a Germ Guardian H2000 model which is higher-priced , but also larger and does n't seem to have on-going quality issues.Germ Guardian H2000 Manual Ultrasonic Humidifier
 We have two of these -- the penguin and the frog . We have had both for about 2 months and both have broken due to poor design . There is no tray for holding the water in the base of the humidifer , so the water sits directly in the base . -LRB- This was a problem for cleaning the humidifier , but I could deal with that . -RRB- The fan is below the water resevoir of the base . Both humidifiers cracked so water seeped into the fan area -- very dangerous if you ask me ! The water goes pouring out of the bottom of the humidifier over a fan motor and close to the electrical cord . Caused water damage to our floor and a bookcase . Glad it did n't start a fire in my kids ' rooms while we had them on at night !
 Cheap plastic , bad design , and broke in 6 days . Gets everything wet . I am going to return it .
 I was initially encouraged by the positive reviews for this unit . It seemed a decent price point for a humidifier specifically designed for an infant 's room -LRB- which is precisely what I needed it for -RRB- . The first unit I ordered would n't emit vapor in about half of the instances when I would power it on -LRB- of course it was properly filled and situated for operation -RRB- . The second unit worked well but gave me electrical shocks when I would use the power switch to turn it off.The search for humidifier continues and wo n't involve a Red Dragon going forward I am certain .
 Original review Oct 2009 : Bought the green frog , cute and very quiet . Produced lots of mist without white dust -LRB- I use filtered water -RRB- . But it only worked for ONE day . There are 2 lights , green for when it 's working , and orange when there 's not enough water . After the perfect 1st day , then orange light went on even with a full tank of water and stopped producing any mist . Very disappointed at the inferior quality . Returned the frog and bought a penguin , I hope this one lasts.Update Feb 2013 : Bought a blue penguin from the same manufacturer , it lasted 7 months and started leaking at the bottom . Tossed it . Bought a yellow duck and a gray elephant and they both lasted years . I guess it 's hit and miss with these humidifiers . For some reason , the duck and frog -LRB- weaker mist from 2 spouts -RRB- are quiet but elephant and penguin are louder -LRB- strong mist from 1 spout -RRB- . Can you tell I 'm obsessed with animal humidifiers ? lol
 i dont know anything about what other things a humidifier is suppose to do . i just want a simple one because my heater is making me wake up w / a dry throat , lips and skin . so i bought the first one i saw at the store -LRB- i forgot w/c store -RRB- which is this . . it worked fine . . it did what it 's suppose to do . . have to add water every night since i use the the highest setting most of the time -LRB- i would end up still having dry lips and throat if i didnt -RRB- ... unfortunately it died on me after a year . . am not buying this again . .
 I purchased this product because this winter has been particularly cold and the heat in our condo sucks the moisture out of air . I bought this particular humidifier based on the fact that it received high marks from other reviewers . Is it cute ? Yes . Is it easy to operate ? Yes . Is it inexpensive ? Yes . But , I felt it was n't terribly effective , so I bought a hygrometer to measure the humidity in the air and was disappointed , but not surprised , at the results . Leaving this humidifier on high all day in a small bedroom with the door closed never raised the humidity percentage more than 10 % -15 % . Perhaps , these results will remain the same with another humidifier , but I 'm guessing not . I plan on purchasing another humidifier -LRB- no animal shapes this time -RRB- to see if there 's a marked improvement in humidity levels .
 as cute as the humidifier is , it 's useless if it does n't work . it worked for about 3-4 days , i emptied it , cleaned it and it worked sporadically . i had read the reviews and had hoped for a winner , but i did n't fight it , i just returned it .
 Had to return it after about a month of on and off use because it stopped producing steam . Other than that we liked it a lot -- will probably try again .
 The capacity of the tank is good and the humidifier looks good . However the mist doesnt shoot up above the spout . It beats the purpose of having a humidifier . My eyes are still soar and dry in the mornings . Added to that , It leaks and it spills water all over the place . The carpet becomes completely wet for 3x3ft around . If I had to walk over a soaked place every morning , its frustrating .
 I bought one of these five years ago and it worked well for a long time . Bought two recently and both of them after a while started making a loud buzz . The first one after 5-6 - months , the second after less than two months of actual use.It is clearly the fan , the only moving part , and when it starts making noise there is nothing one can do , just turn it off . It is loud enough to wake up children and adults and definitely too loud to stand even when awake.Clearly the components are not up to the task and the manufacturer is putting garbage into these things.It is disappointing because of the waste of money and because we like it when it works but is definitely too expensive for playing hit-or-miss or replacing it after two months .
 This is the second Crane penguin humidifier I 've owned . The first one worked great for a couple of years until this spring when one of my kids dropped it . I just received the new one I ordered from Amazon . For the first couple of hours it worked great , but by morning it had stopped working , was surrounded in a puddle of warm water and the clear blue plastic had fractures in it . I just sent it back and will not be ordering a new one due to so many bad reviews .
 I bought this penguin shaped blue-white crane humidifier not even a year ago and it has stopped working . What a waste of money . I am now looking for something else . Save your money ! Do not buy something that wo n't even last !
 Pros
 The first one that got delivered just did n't work period . It would turn on but no steam would come out ... trouble shooting tips did not work . Once we sent it back and got the replacement ... it worked but the base has a HUGE crack in it :-LRB- Just not sure it is worth purchasing something like this online .
 Worked great for 20 minutes and then no power . Nothing blocking it , just no power . Followed the recommendations and still no power . Also , you have to put these at least 2-3 feet in the air , on a level surface that is not wood , carpet or metallic - and lint free . What does that leave in most kids bedrooms ? I used a rubbermaid tub that was as level as i could find . If it 's not working b/c of that , I have no more ideas where to put this - well back to the store for sure . Do n't know if I 'll try again .
 This is a great humidifier ... for a few weeks . It does not last . After a month of good function , this humidifier starting making loud noises and stopped working . I have tried to contact the manufacturer several times , but they do not reply . DO NOT BUY this product if you intend on running it all the time . It will NOT last . It is poor quality . It is my third one that I have purchased and I am DONE with it . All three have broken in the exact same way . Save your money and buy something else .
 In terms of functionality , this humidifier is not effective . Humidity levels on my meter readings did not rise AT ALL in my very small room , despite placing the Kitty on a pedestal high up in the room to try to increase the spreading of mist to the air . It is impossible to turn up the humidity output to enough because it will just be misting to the floor . So , running it on a lower setting , the humidity really does n't end up humidifying the room.-Therefore , it wastes electricity ? - After about two refills of the pink kitty body tank , the water sitting in the humidifer turned brown and the sides of the machine were gross and slimy . I do n't remember this happening so quickly on my previous humidifier by Vicks -LRB- which broke :-LRB- -RRB- I had to scrub the bottom section -LRB- the one with the electrical parts and cord in it !! -RRB- with a scrubby brush , being careful not to get electrocuted and die in the process...-Therefore , is it just a cute receptacle that is actually evilly hosting bacteria and grossness ? And is cleaning and care of this machine actually dangerous ? So , if you ca n't clean it without risk and if you have to clean it because it gets gross very quickly...-The plastics used in this are not BPA safe . That is a big concern for me . The plastics are always heated up because it is an electrical appliance and gets warm . Another red flag.-Amazon had to replace the first one that was sent to me because the initial shipment was cracked and an electrical hazard . That seems to indicate poor quality control from Crane.-In comparing of all of the animal models , I chose the Kitty because the direction of the mist is very clever going sideways and up . I think it 's the best design . I mean , obviously . Hello ? Kitty !!! BUT I have a suspicion that it is just wasting electricity and shooting cool mist out of its ears -LRB- albeit in an adorable way -RRB- to no avail . I got tricked into purchasing because I like kitties.Verdict
 Our kids love Spongebob , so we thought this would be a great humidifier to have when they are not feeling well . It was great for about 6 months ... then it stopped working . For $ 40 + , that is not something I want to replace every 6 months . Back to the boring humidifiers ! These are apparently just for looks . We should have known better than to buy based on the cuteness factor.I agree with others comments - I wish people would come back to update their original comments after the long haul . Do n't waste your money on these !
 Unfortunately , this humidifier did not work . I returned it . Based on other reviews here , I am not having it replaced , but will get a different product . Disappointed .
 have owned 3 of these units in the last 2 years , one developed a noisy fan and now our 3rd unit developed a leak 10 days beyond the amazon 30 day return date . Generally units seem fine for a small room but now with 2 of 3 down , reliability becomes unacceptably low .
 The penguin leaked it 's whole gallon of water all over the room -LRB- fast -RRB- before I figured out what was going on , and the frog broke after one use . When my husband tried to fix the leak on the penguin -LRB- no dropping , came out of the box that way -RRB- it never worked . I was coming to Amazon to try and find a humidifier that actually works instead of more plastic and electronics for the landfills . Very frustrating . Must admit , I bought it elsewhere and waited too long to return , so nothing Amazon did wrong , but it 's not a good product . Two strikes .
 We bought the Frog and at first it seemed great because it is quiet and cute , but every night for the first week , it has stopped working in the middle of the night and as an already sleep deprived Mom with a newborn , I have been up multiple times a night fixing it . For reasons I ca n't figure out , even though the water level is normal , the adjustable dial is at medium and everything is set up right , it just stops working , causing the red light to go on and for it to make a different noise that wakes me up . I jiggle it a bit , lift the top part up and put it back down and it works fine , but I would only buy this if you do n't mind getting up a few times each night to make it work again .
 Worked for the first couple of months , then it began sputtering where the steam was supposed to come out . I thought it was nothing so I left it and when I came back there was water all over the carpet . Thinking it was a fluke , I ordered another one and this time it leaked and sputtered after 2 days . DO NOT BUY .
 This humidifier stopped working after 6 months . Also , the mist out of these humidifiers does not blow out very high so the ground around them gets very wet unless you set on very light setting . Would not purchase again .
 The Humidifier sometimes have a very loud noise when it started to run . you need to try several times to make it operate in a moderate noise . And it always has plastic smells even after 6 months .
 We actually got 2 of these of our baby registry and figured we 'd use one in our bedroom instead of returning . Big mistake , I should 've exchanged it so I was n't left with two broken ones ! We had these in 2 seperate areas -LRB- nursery and master bedroom -RRB- and in both areas , the mist all fell to the floor and COMPLETELY soaked the carpet or the night stand they were sitting on . Since we of course did n't want all the mildew soaking up in the carpet , so then we figured we 'd jerry-rig it and put a towel underneath both of them ... BIG mistake . This stopped the fans completely and broke them both !
 We 've been using this Penguin humidifier for about a year now . It works great , but it has one critical flaw
 I really loved this humidifier when I received it . It looked so cute and the material looked compact . I thought that I might be lucky to have a good one that can work for a year . Well , it turned out I did n't have that luck . In two weeks , it began to leak . I was so scared for it only came with some really short cable . If it have leaked into the power strip , who knows what would have happened!I thought about changing another one of the same model because I liked its design . However , after reading the reviews I decided to return it . I believe there were only one fifth of negative reviews when I bought it . Now there are more than one third ! This means about one third of the humidifiers are not working properly . I dare not order another one . What if it stops working right after a month ? I wo n't even be able to return it!I am so sad to say good bye to my blue elephant . I searched for a new humidifier , but few of them seem to be compact enough . Even the 200-dollar ones receive a lot negative reviews . Why ca n't they build some good and durable humidifier ?
 I bought this humidifier for my daughter 's room . It worked fine for a short time , maybe a week or so , and then it started making a lot of noise . I could jiggle or tap it and it would stop for a day or two , then it started doing it constantly and nothing I could do would make it stop . It was a really loud grinding noise , definitely not something we could ignore . I also found that you could n't turn the mist up very high or it would condense and leak out from under the face plate . We just returned it rather than trying to get another and I am going to try something else .
 I should not have let the `` cuteness '' sway my decision . This is the 2nd night using this and I 'm glad I kept the box , because it 's going back tomorrow . I practically have to beat it to get it to work . I literally have to bang it around and clunk it from side to side to get it to `` engage '' and start working . Earlier when I went to refill it , i lifted off the top and water went everywhere all over the floor , all over me and the shelf it was on . And what is the point of the handle , if they tell you `` do n't carry by handle '' ... I 'm so disappointed . And what 's with the pictures of Correct and Wrong ?? The pictures are TERRIBLE !! You ca n't see what the difference is !!! I will be replacing this tomorrow with a Vicks .
 POC stands for `` piece of crap '' , that is what I find myself muttering every time I turn this product on . It 's a guess whether it 'll work or not . Sometimes mist comes out , most of the time , it does not . Had the product for less than a year . Used it for a few weeks in Jan/Feb , starting in Apr/May ? it would randomly decide to work or not . I read all the reviews of people saying it 's a 50/50 shot of working when they turn it on . Granted , I have n't tried all the tricks of getting it to work , as other reviewers have tried - I do n't think I should have to . I also read that someone did extensive research of the type of fan or base of their model and how that may indicate if their humidifier was a winner or loser . I cleaned the product as instructed above , still nothing . It 's sad that I jump for joy when it actually works . Back in the market for another humidifier , definitely wo n't be buying this brand again nor ever sending it to anyone else as a baby shower gift . Hate to be so negative but this is by far , one of the most frustrating baby products I 've come across since becoming a new parent .
 First , buy a hygrometer to measure humidity . Without that , you do n't know if your humidifier is doing it 's job or not . A $ 8 Chaney wall thermometer -LRB- also sold by acu-rite -RRB- works just fine . I calibrated mine , for info just google `` hygrometer calibrate potassium carbonate '' . This * could * be a great humidifier , but there are major problems with it .1 . Barely puts out any water . I have a whole house humidifier -LRB- which I HIGHLY recommend -RRB- and keep it at 40 % . I put the Crane in my 10 ` x12 ' baby 's room and kept door shut for two days , and humidity only rose to 43 % -- barely worth using .2 . tiny opening in the tank -LRB- about 1.75 '' -RRB- , so it 's really hard to clean it well . And tank is a medium blue plastic and most of it is textured so you ca n't see in clearly.Unless you clean it every few days with a 10 % bleach solution -LRB- as recommended by the Mayo Clinic -RRB- , it will get funked up . Since you ca n't see in easily , it 's easy to miss dirty areas until they become nasty . I sometimes forgot to clean mine for a week -- and once it gets funked up you ca n't get in there with your hand or a brush to thoroughly clean out the funk , so it has to be thrown away . Much better to spend $ 70 and have one that is easy to clean and puts out a lot of humidity .
 Sorry , someone SHOULD be at least able to make a cute little niknack for a little kids room that 's also functional , but this is n't it . Since it produces a cool mist you might think it 's no longer idiotic to have a vaporizer that might catch a young child 's attention , but you should reconsider.Mine 's a bit more consistant or durable than some other reviewers units , but it never has put out a lot . If it did , you 'd hafta refill it 's tiny reservoir every couple hours anyhow . - poor output - poor capacity - poor adjustability - clumsy to fill / refill -LRB- the reservoir cap design defeats its own purpose too -RRB- - ca n't operate on carpeted floor , the air inlet is very easily obstructed - poor durability / reliability
 Of course all the humidifiers in this line are adorable , and when they function properly , they are very effective . However what I 've found with this elephant humidifier is that a small stream of water leaks out of the bottom of the nose and down the front of the unit , right into the dial , or onto my table . I tried sealing it and stuffing a tissue up into the nose , but nothing is working . Looks like my next fix is a new humidifier . This item is way too expensive for me to be waking up to a puddle of water on my table . It is absolutely not worth the hassle or the water stains .
 It stopped working after three days . I should have listened to the other reviews . It is a waste of money.n
 It worked for 12 hours.I did n't have a receipt so could n't return.I called Crane 5 times and left messages . Never got a return call.On the 6th call I was told that the tag on the cord said it was past its 1 year warrantee even though I have only owned it for 5 months.CRAP PRODUCT . CRAP CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 Yes , it 's so cute as a humidifier , and it really makes a lot of fog . But , I felt very thirsdy and need to drink twice during a night ! The same as without the kitty . So , the only way is to return it . And I am still looking for a good and effective humidifier now .
 I put this in my bedroom to replace a Vicks/Katz humidifier that has one of those circular paper filters . Even tho I had the Vicks model going 24/7 on high for 2 wks , I was still shocking my pets and my nose felt dry . A check of the Vicks temp/humidity monitor that I also ordered , said that the humidity level was just 22 % . No wonder I was shocking my animals ! I filled this up and turned it on the lowest speed at 6:35 pm last night . The first thing I noticed is there is virtually no fan noise ! What a change from the jet engine noise of the Vicks humidifier . By 6 am this morning , the humidity level was 29 % and now it is a comfortable 32 % which is probably where I will keep it . My bedroom is about 16 ft x 15 ft. with 7.5 ft high ceiling . I also have Hunter HEPA air cleaner going 24/7 on low speed , which is across the room from the humidifier.I have it on the floor sitting on a ceramic plate to keep it off the carpet etc. . It appears it will have to be refilled every 24 hrs . as disclosed on the box . I 'm using filtered refrigerator water and no chemical cartridge , which must be purchased separately . We have hard water , so I will update on how the cleaning goes and how much in mineral deposits I find when the time comes to clean it etc.So far so good . The most impressive feature is how quiet this is . I do n't think I 'll ever go back to paper filter models with fans ... My order was fulfilled by amazon.com for $ 5.00 less than the price now showing from another seller.Update Dec. 18 , 2010-Humidifier is now making a noise like a dripping faucet . Very noticeable at night when TV is off and you are trying to sleep . It appears that water vapor is collecting under the panda 's white top cap where the vapor comes out and the water is collecting on the cap 's underside , falling down to the flat top of the water tank & over flowing so it drips down the shaft where the optional chemical cartridge would go and drips into the water reservoir . Drip , drip , drip ... Like water torture . I 'll call Crane on Monday . If this is part of `` operating noise '' this is going back.Update Feb. 20 , 2011 - The dripping sound stopped after a day or so . It went silent which was great . Now the motor is making a grinding sound that is actually louder than the Hunter HEPA air cleaner that is running in the same room !!! If I can , I am going to return this thing . I have to wonder what 's going to go wrong next time but this grinding noise on any setting , just wo n't cut it !
 We had just gotten the regular drop shaped version . We wanted another unit , so we decided to go with a cute version . Cute comes at a price , apparently.The trunk / spout does n't line up directly over the discharge chute in the tank , so vapor condenses under the cap and then droplets fall down inside the unit . That makes for a little more noise , and less vapor making it out of the spout . Also , when I have the tank freshly filled with cold tap water , some vapor escapes from under the cap . That errant vapor goes away as the tank 's water temperature warms up a little -LRB- from room temperature -RRB- . It has n't caused a problem so far . I posted a pic showing the vapor.The elephant unit did n't seem to have as much output as the drop-shaped version , so I modified the `` trunk '' . I posted a pic to show the modification.The modification did help the flow of mist , but I still ca n't turn up the flow too high or else water will drip from under the cap.I 'm just about ready to stop using this thing , and get another drop-shaped version . I 'd get more humidity with less hassle .
 I purchased the Hello Kitty model and as my title states it worked great for two months then quit putting any moisture out at all . I realize that we live in a disposable society but this is just ridiculous ! I will NEVER buy a Crane product again . Cute but very poorly made is my opinion .
 Works well but it broke after only using it 5-10 times . I turned it up to the top setting and I think it overheated . Also , the plastic between the top/bottom is somewhat fragile and it broke off in a few places .
 It was broken when I was refilling the water , and the broken plastic cut my finger . Do n't buy it if you do n't want to risk your hands .
 We have three of these humidifiers , the elephant , the penguin and the cow . Have had them for 6 months or so . In the last two weeks , both the penguin and cow have stopped working all together and the elephant is the sole survivor.When we got them , I thought they were amazing , quiet and did the job . Now I am deciding if I should go out and buy two more or pick another brand.Oh and be careful , I think the steam from my sons killed his DVD player on his TV as it gets caked with the white stuff ...
 Worked fine for the first 24 hours I owned it ; I was so excited ! I 'll admit it 's adorable . But as I sat studying my lines for the show I 'm in after refilling it for the first time , all of a sudden a waterfall began down the front of my dresser ; the entire contents of the body had leaked , soaking the full sized towel folded underneath and causing a waterfall down the front of my dresser . Apparently the nebulizer was incorrectly positioned or something of that nature , because when I did it again with the bottom unscrewed over the sink , all the water again gushed out from around the edges of the metal plate , emptying every last drop of water through the vents in the bottom.When I returned the product to Amazon for another , they said they had discontinued the item and instead gave me a refund plus $ 20 . I think this because so many people have had to return the item that they 're stopping its sale soon ... could also be why it 's discounted !
 moisture is trapped in head dragon shell , it is suppose to come out the eyes . The moisture builds up then runs out down the sides and onto dresser . Ca n't beleive Crane would even sell this . Had the frog and it worked great .
 We tried the elephant first . We loved it !!! It was quiet , did n't leak , and so cute ! It worked great almost nonstop for 7 days . Then it started to get louder . And louder . And LOUDER ! No good for a nursery , so we took it back and exchanged it for the penguin . Exact same thing all over again ! It seemed perfect at first . And this time we made it to almost 10 days before it started that ominous whirring that heralded the last humidifier 's demise . Too bad , but I 'm afraid this product stinks . My assumption is that the other -LRB- more positive -RRB- reviews were written before their unit died on them .
 I have hard time understanding why this item is popular . It 's very difficult to fill . It leaks all over . It makes so much noise that you ca n't keep it on a night stand next to your bad . I 've had a replacement but the issues were not resolved . I returned it .
 I just bought this humidifier but it stopped working within one week . The green light is on but the fan stops running . No vapor comes out . This is my 3rd humidifier from this brand and all of them do n't have good quality . I am very disappointed about this brand
 When I saw this humidifier , I thought it was so adorable . I bought the red dragon design for my son 's bedroom . For the first week or so , it worked great ! You can see the mist and everything . But then ... it started making loud noises . We 're not exactly sure why it is so loud . I think it 's just an unfortunate feature of ultrasonic humidifiers . They are really touchy and we will never buy another one ever again - of any brand . We tried using distilled water . No dice . We also tried the demineralization filter thing that crane offers , but it still had problems . My husband has to jostle and shake it for about ten minutes every night to get it to run quietly . NOT WORTH THE FRUSTRATION !!! I would have given it only one star , but it 's adorable and when it actually works , it works well ... but that 's only about 30 % of the time .
 I should 've read more of the reviews that got one stars before purchasing . It is an adorable humidifier , and it worked well for the first two months , but then stopped working after the second month . I just read a few other reviews and apparently it is common.Get a different humidifier , do n't get sucked into this one simply because its cute and affordable , because you 'll end up purchasing a different one anyways.John
 My 15 month old daughter has a lot of sinus issues , so it 's imperative that we run a humidifier in her room every night . I have researched cool mist humidifiers for weeks , and I 've even owned three different brands of humidifiers ... one of which being the Crane Adorable Penguin.In truth , I actually owned two of the Adorable Penguins , because the first Penguin we bought was defective and had to be replaced . Every morning , I emptied the tank and I noticed that the water was actually warm to the touch . It turns out that the ultrasonic motor was overheating and causing the water to get hot as well . Luckily I caught it early before it became a potential meltdown danger in my daughter 's room . FYI ... Crane 's customer service department was very nice and immediately replaced the defective model free of charge -LRB- and with free shipping -RRB- . Once we had a model that was working properly , initially I was impressed with the Adorable Penguin 's ease of cleaning and lack of filters to replace , but the mist output just did n't live up to my expectations . My daughter 's room is small , and the Penguin just was n't doing the job . This was rather disappointing , so I started doing more research trying to find the ideal humidifier.Finally , I saw an article from Consumer Reports that rated the Safety 1st Ultrasonic 360 Degree Humidifier as one of their `` Best Buys , '' and boy did they hit the nail on the head . Compared to the Crane Adorable Penguin , there is no comparison.Both models are easy to clean . Neither one uses filters that need to be replaced . But the major difference is in the mist output ... I used to have to turn the Crane humidifier up to full blast in order to get a moderate amount of mist , but the Safety 1st humidifier puts out twice as much mist when it 's set to only half power . And when you `` crank it up to 11 , '' the Safety 1st is like getting hit by a fire hose of mist -LRB- and the dual nozzles are definitely an added bonus -RRB- . Needless to say , I 'm so glad I ditched the Crane Adorable Penguin for this new humidifier.Having `` been there '' and `` done that '' with all these humidifiers , I can safely say that you should probably save your money on the Crane Adorable Penguin and go for the less expensive -LRB- and better performing -RRB- Safety 1st . I just wish someone had given me the same advice months ago .
 I actually have had a couple Crane humidifiers and they work great . I let my daughter pick out hers and she picked Hello Kitty . The first one we had worked great for a couple of months then suddenly started making a loud noise from the fan . So I returned it and got another one . The same thing happened and I returned it . I 've gone through at least 4 of them . So I 'm sticking to the other models instead of Hello Kitty . I had a duck and a frog and they both work great .
 The product worked great when I purchased it for the new baby 's room back in December 2010 ; it was quite as described and my wife and I loved it . Last week it started leaking water so I stopped using it . I was going to call the manufacturer this week to see about a fix . We 'll report later on the interaction .
 Will only stay on for a maximum of 10 minutes at a time . Then the red warning light comes on saying the tank is empty -LRB- and it is completly full -RRB- and it will stop making a mist . I have to get up and move the tank up and down to get more water to come out before it will turn back on . This is every 10 minutes and forget leaving it on at night time . I 'm now looking for a better one . Cute , but this one is not functional .
 I bought this humidifier in part because it promised not to drop water around it as it misted . I have had to place a towel under it and under the mist emission to protect the expensive hardwood floors in the room it 's needed in . It has served its purpose well in terms of effect .
 I bought the dog humidifier in December , on April 7 it stopped working . Needless to say I 'm not impressed .
 I bought the penguin humidifier because it was cute and my daughter liked it . We used it for three nights in her room and then put it away -LRB- cleaned according to directions -RRB- . Two weeks later I took it out again and the motor was broken . The company hotline was very unhelpful . I do not recomment this product to anyone .
 Lame . This product did n't work , at all . Was returned a week after getting it because whats the point of keeping a product that does NOOOOTHING ?! Highly recommend buying something else .
 I usually do n't write reviews but this product was so terrible I had to say something . We bought it for our new baby 's room based on all the good reviews but it did not create mist , was very loud and did n't actually work at all . It might look cute but the head of the penguin did n't even sit properly on the body . It 's a huge waste of money . The motor was so loud I could n't imagine putting it in a baby room and the mist never made it out of the head despite the dial being on the highest .
 With so many positive reviews , I bought this . But how many have measured -LRB- with a hygrometer -RRB- to see if it made a difference?We did n't notice a physical difference and decided to test this unit by measuring the change in humidity . When we bought a hygrometer that displays temperature and the humidity and found that the humidity barely increased -LRB- less than % 5 -RRB- . Our room was only 8 feet by 10 feet.We bought a different humidifier and retested this and then noticed a huge difference . A gain in 15 % -20 % in humidity ! The humidifiers was place in the same location away from hygrometer so this was not a factor.SO MEASURE YOUR OUTPUT ! Even though it appears that a lot of moisture was coming out -LRB- steady flow of steam from the Crane -RRB- , it made a negligible difference . So yes , it may it appear it is outputting a lot of humidity but looks can be deceiving ! Be objective and measure for yourself
 Does n't work at all . Running at maximum level for 24 hours has zero impact on the humidity level in my apartment , absolutely none .
 This is almost useless . At high it will soak the area it is near . At low , well , it 's too low . I have a ceiling fan on to circulate it and that helped . Nevertheless , I will return it to Target . The evaporative type is better . The problem with the units I had had once was that they were loud . The fan did turn off when the desired humidity was reached ... a good thing which this does have ... a bad thing . It did add humidity . Keep your box and reciepts on anything you purchase .
 Think these are cute products , bought the duck and penguin , one each for our kid 's rooms . While they work fine to spray the mist , the `` optional demineralization filter cartridge '' does n't fit in either of these models . In the duck , the handle is in the way and the hole may be too shallow . In the penguin , the diameter of the hole is too small . I do n't know if the filter will fit in any of the other models , but my suggestion is do n't waste your money unless you were n't going to buy the filter anyway .
 This humidifier is really cute for a kid 's room , but it does n't work . The fan never started up , so the mist just hangs out in the bottom of the machine . Unfortunately , my daughter threw out the box , so I guess I 'm stuck with a $ 40 spongebob statue .
 The first one stopped working after a few days when the fan that blows mist out of the beak stopped running . I just opened and set up the second one , which leaked onto the floor . On closer inspection , there was a crack in the plastic base . We previously had one of the Penguins for a number of years and were happy with it , but it got misplaced during a move . We 're trying for a third -- it seems that quality control at Crane has fallen apart , but it 's still a cheap product that seems to be highly rated .
 As several other reviewers have noted , these humidifiers can produce a chemical smell which does not seem safe for children -LRB- or anybody -RRB- . I bought the Elephant model at a big box store in Manhattan for our 3-year old 's room . Seemed to work great the first night . But on day 2 after running it during naptime , a strong chemical odor almost like mothballs built-up in the room . After rinsing , drying and restarting a couple times , I realized the smell was not coming from the water tank or nebulizer , but from the fan in the bottom of the unit , which is not accessible . So I thought maybe I got a bad unit and went to exchange it at the store , but then I noticed the display model was also making the smell so I just returned my humidifier.The smell is pretty subtle and you might not notice it at first unless you stick your nose directly in the mist . But it builds-up in a closed room and is very unpleasant . Maybe there is a bad batch of the machines right now , but another reviewer in Northern Cali had the same issue so it seems pretty widespread .
 Update to my previous comment
 My daughter loves Hello Kitty . We live in dry air , Colorado , therefore I like to keep humidifiers in the kids rooms . I have four kids and 4 Cranes . They are adorable - you ca n't go wrong there . However , the fan on this Hello Kitty is outrageously loud and not functioning properly after only 3 months . This is the second Crane that I have had this problem with . In the past I have just thrown them out and began again . This time I will see if I can get a replacement . If this turns out to be an easy process , I would rate the humidifier higher . Again - it is adorable ! If not , I will likely stop buying Cranes . While they are affordable at the outset , they are not when you have to replace them every 3 to 6 months .
 UPDATE 5/16/2011After two winters of use , we had to let our Crane Mist Humidifier go . The problems started with the humidifier spraying out water when used at a higher speed . Our dresser ended up getting pretty wet -LRB- nothing a paper and an iron could n't fix , thankfully -RRB- . Later , we discovered that cleaning it was becoming more and more difficult . According to the EPA , the possible health effects resulting from the dispersal of microorganisms and minerals by home humidifiers are not understood . The EPA suggests cleaning the humidifiers at least every 3 days using a 3 % solution of hydrogen peroxide . While I 've been emptying out the humidifier daily , I never really checked for buildup in the unit . However , upon closer examination , it was pretty bad - not as much buildup as in a hot water kettle , but still quite a lot of junk that we were pumping into our air . After giving the unit a through cleaning , it continued to work for about another month , then it pooped out.I do n't think we 'll be investing in another cool mist humidifier for a while . This great while it lasted , but because it only last about 2 years , I probably would n't recommend purchasing it . --------------------------------------- The humidifier makes a little noise , but all in all it works great . I enjoy it and it 's definitely cute !
 So if you want something even a bit low maintenance , this cute little humidifier is not for you . If we did n't run it every night , this thing produced mold and odor . We found ourselves constantly having to clean this little penguin up . We even bought thee little anti-bacterial contraption they sold for this at Target . Still no luck ! Too bad , but this thing was all looks .
 I really wanted to like these , they are just adorable . I ordered two humidifiers -LRB- frog and penguin -RRB- and both had a strong odor right out of the box . They smell was very chemical like . I decided to give one of them a try to see if the smell would fade . I even washed the frog out with vinegar thinking it would help but after running it for two nights , all it did was make my child 's room smell like chemicals . They are both being returned .
 I bought one based on its popularity in Amazon . But the quality is extremely bad . It only works for the first month , and I found no way to make it work again . No mints come out ever . Nothing is wrong with the operation , nothing is wrong with the electricity . Just do n't know what 's wrong with the machine.I strongly recommend you NOT spend -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks for this 30-day low quality stuff . Stay away from it .
 I ordered the elephant version of this and was so excited , but ended up being incredibly disappointed . As soon as we turned it on the mist started coming out at the bottom of the blue basin area instead of out of the elephant 's trunk like it 's supposed to . We put something heavy on the head and THEN it did come out where it was supposed to but it looked ridiculous . My husband rigged something up so that it 'd work properly with some pvc pipe . . looked awful , but it worked . THEN - we went to clean it and my engineer of a husband took it all apart trying to figure out how on Earth to get in to the basin area well enough to clean it out and it 's impossible . We 're really sad b/c if you ca n't clean it out , you ca n't use it or it would be unhealthy for your child . So we 're not having to throw it completely away b/c we would n't want someone else to try & use it and get their child sick from mold or who knows what growing in the basin.Really sad - we 're going to go back to the boring old vaporizer at Wal-Mart that we have for our other son and is perfectly easy to clean !
 Worked great for 2 weeks . Cleaned how/when manual suggested and 1 month later no mist . Trying to find a way to return but looks like it will cost ! Bought $ 20 walgreens brand same time for husband and it has been much better humidifier and his still works !
 We have a elephant and tiger . The elephant on high has no issues , the tiger on medium up insures puddles of water . It 's disappointing they are so different . I would not recommend the tiger , I would recommend the elephant .
 So I have had the pig in my daughter 's room for nearly 2 years , running most of the winter and when she 's been sick ... no complaints . I clean it with vinegar , soap and water . It 's elevated as it states it should be , but on plastic so there 's no warping of wood . I do n't have a &#34; hygrometer &#34; or whatever , but I can tell a difference in her room vs the rest of our condo . So , when my sinuses started to go haywire , I ordered the penguin for my bedroom . NOWHERE in the description did it say the penguin needed DAILY emptying/refilling , only on the instructions inside the box . Who has time for that when you 're a stay-at-home mom ? But i decided to give it a shot anyway . And like the pig , I elevated the penguin on plastic . Good thing , cuz this sucker LEAKS like nobody 's business . The only positive is that I noticed a difference in the moisture level in my room ... no more bloody mucus -LRB- eew -RRB- . I am returning for the owl.I researched about all these silly small room humidifiers , none are perfect . But I 'd rather pay 40 bucks for something that I do n't need filters for , that I do n't need to clean every day , and that I only use in the dead of winter or while sick , than spend 200 for a fancy machine that will sit in the closet . My condo has a humidifier as part of our heating/cooling system , these Adorable humidifiers just provide a little extra .
 Back in February , I dropped out trusty Vicks humidifier and the tank fractured in multiple places . I patched it up with Gorilla Glue and it continued to work , but looked a bit Frankensteinian , so I decided to replace it with the Crane Adorable Dragon . It worked well enough , but was less than ideal .1 . The handle is flimsy and even the care manual directs you not to carry it that way . I really do n't understand the point of having a handle in the first place if you 're not to actually make use of it .2 . Without a filter , every surface in my home was quickly coated with a thin film of white dust .3 . If the head piece is remotely askew , water pools at the base of the unit.After 7 months of owning it , 4 of actual use , it has now ceased to produce mist . I followed the instructions in the manual with no result . After looking at the warranty information , Crane 's customer service department is only open from 9AM until 4PM on weekdays , thus excluding anyone with a job from feasibly calling . To return a unit , you need both the original purchase receipt and proof of purchase from the box.I 'm now at a crossroads
 We bought this humidifier for our baby 's room , running it at night when our baby slept . After running satisfactorily for a couple of months , it has now started making really loud mechanical noises when turned on , and we are afraid to leave it on for fear of it being a fire hazard -LRB- read the other review about the motor catching on fire -RRB- . It was only when we tried to return it that we realized that despite it being a baby item , Amazon does not include it under the 365-day return policy like it does for other baby items . Perhaps it is because they have had too many cases of people returning it because it just does n't last for very long . We really liked it when it worked , but now all we have is one more thing taking up space . If you only need something for very occasional use or do n't mind getting a new one after two months , then this might be for you . For us we hoped to get something we could trust to leave on in our baby 's room overnight , and apparently this is n't it .
 The first one we bought worked out of the box . My 4 yr old absolutely loved it . After a couple of weeks of use , the light stopped working -LRB- it is an LED , so it should not be burned out -RRB- . We returned it and got another SpongeBob and this one did not work at all when it arrived . I suspect that the positive reviews would be negative if they waited a bit longer as these all appear to be dead on arrival or shortly thereafter . I will be avoiding all Crane products in the future .
 Cute but ... I had it for about a month and it cracked but was still usable . You could not turn it up too high or everything underneath it would get all wet . After about 6 months of use it stopped working . It was also difficult to clean .
 Cute design and easy to fill , but it has two major problems : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It is impossible to clean all of the nooks and crannies of the reservoir . There are spaces that I ca n't clean using a toothbrush , scrub brush , paper towel or anything else , that have developed a pinkish mold which forced me to stop using this humidifier . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The humidifier shuts off prematurely , when there is still a shallow amount of water in the reservoir . Unless you catch this quickly , that shallow amount of water sits and grows mold.Overall , this is poorly designed .
 I bought this for my 2yo in hopes of a safe , quiet cool humidifier.PROs : - it _ is _ very quiet - it does put out a great deal of mistCONs : - there 's no real `` low '' setting - even just above `` off '' it really cranks out the mist . This is a problem for us , as we close my daughter 's bedroom door at night . A full night of even the lowest setting would make the room VERY humid by morning . I want moisture , not `` jungle '' . - the design looked cute and fairly benign online . In person , it 's rather odd looking . I do n't mind it , but my 2yo was completely freaked out by the appearance -LRB- wo n't go near it , and protests whenever she sees it . -RRB- - the BIGGEST issue , by far , is the fact that the lid -LRB- the elephant 's trunk/ears/face -RRB- does n't seat snugly on the unit . This means that mist escapes out the sides , not just through the trunk . As the mist drifts down past the cool tank surface -LRB- blue section -RRB- it naturally condenses . Even at the lowest possible setting , this happens . The unit itself does n't leak , but this condensation is dripping within 30min at the LOWEST setting.SUMMARY
 This humidifier started out well enough . It put out mist -LRB- not much in comparison to other humidifiers -RRB- so we were happy . My son liked the nightlight and having SB in his room . Put it away after last winter and took it out about a month or so ago . It basically stopped misting after a couple of weeks and I ca n't figure out how to fix it . Not really worth it even though it 's pretty inexpensive . I would just save your money and get a real humidifier .
 This cool mist humidifier is cute and is easy to work BUT not matter how often i clean it , it just keep accumulating scum and hard water stains . The hole to access the water tank is too small to fit your hand or tools inside to clean . The interior of my water tank has turned orange and slimy . The bottom half of this humidifier has many small corners and levels that are also hard to clean , due to bad design . Yes it does do its job , but the headache of cleaning it is not worth it . I ca n't stand the thought of my son breathing in slimy crusty bacteria filled air . I am switching to a Holmes humidifier HM5082V-U .
 This is the cutest thing ever ! And it works well too . The light is not too bright so it works great for a nightlight . It 's quiet . My granddaughter loves it ! I 'm getting one for her room at her house.I wrote the above review when I first received this . It is very cute , but the lightbulb burned out shortly after we started using it and there is no way to change it as far as I can see . It 's in a sealed compartment . And it 's developing mildew on the inside . It definitely needs to be cleaned much more often than other humidifiers .
 It gets a star for being cute & matching my child 's room decor , but other than that Im not crazy about it . Its pretty high maintenance and if you leave the water in there for a day , you can see bacterial growth . It says it needs to be cleaned daily , and heavily weekly ... plus you can get an optional filter . I bought the filter , and the filter says it should be replaced monthly . No thanks , that is way too much work & money . I got a Vick 's Humidifier that doesnt require a filter and has dishwasher safe parts . I returned this .
 Just a note on the Crane humidifiers . I started out with the Hello Kitty one , it stopped working after 3 months . Crane replaced it with a new one . That one stopped working after 1 month . So I figured I 'd switch characters and Crane replaced the second one with the Penguin . That worked great for the rest of last winter season -LRB- maybe 3 months ? -RRB- . Then I plugged it back in again 2 weeks ago ... and it did n't work . From my experience with Crane , I would say they are nice in replacing their faulty humidifiers , but all three of their humidifiers that I 've used lasted no longer than 3 months . I would not recommend them . -LRB- Sorry if this post sounds a little miffed , I 'm tired of sending them cut-off humidifier electrical cords so they can send me yet another faulty humidifier so I 'm giving up on them . -RRB-
 The frog humidifier only worked for 3 days . I am SO happy that I was rocking my son to sleep when this thing malfunctioned ! There was plenty of water in the tank when the light suddenly turned from green to blinking red . I unplugged the thing immediately . Nothing in the manual mentions a blinking red light , so I have no idea what the thing means . There was a giant puddle under the unit . After reading about the fire hazard , there is no way I could sleep knowing this thing was in the nursery !
 I believe the unit came defective . It worked perfect for a short while but then started making a bad revving noise and the mist would not rise thru the chamber . I tried cleaning it extra carefully with vinegar thinking it was due to mineral deposit . It the worked off and on but finally conked out for good just past the 1 year warranty date . I should have called immediately since it was clearly a defective unit . Hello Kitty Model
 I would love to say that I have an idea of how this product works , but I never got a chance . When I opened the box it looked like someone else had already had it . The cord was not packaged like it would be from the manufacturer . I unwrapped the whole thing and picked up the water tank part only to find numerous cracks and a chunk of the tank missing . The chunk that was missing was not even in the box . Obviously another customer purchased it and returned it . Returns must not be checked for damage . This was extensive damage , easily noticed with a quick once over.Consumer reports rated this humidifier as the best and I have been waiting to try it . I think I will return this one and order from another supplier
 I loved this little owl and still think it 's super cute . It even works really well as a humidifier . You can see the steam shooting out , the air in the room feels great despite the use of both electric heat and a woodstove . I REALLY wish I could say that it works and just keep it and be happy with it ... BUT ... . This humidifier makes everything around it wet ! This is the second one I 've gotten , a replacement for the first for the same problem . It seems like it 's leaking because it almost always has a puddle underneath it . But it does n't always do it , just most of the time , so it 's difficult to identify what the problem actually is . It also seems like it might be heavy condensation instead of an actual leak , because everything I have anywhere near it within a 1 - 2 ft. ratio ends up with a thick layer of moist condensation on it . This is different than the standing water that seems more leak-ish that ends up directly under the humidifier after running it overnight.Has anyone else experienced this and found a trick to make it stop ? I have already returned one of these , and spent several weeks waiting for the replacement . We really need a humidifier so I do n't want to go without and take another several weeks to get this resolved through Amazon . I am tired of dealing with this and really just want to have a working humidifier that does n't leak everywhere !! I hope it could be this one ... but I do n't know what to do . Would appreciate any suggestions.Part of the reason that I picked this humidifier is because it can run without a filter . I had a Vicks in the past that worked great , but keeping it in filters turned out to be a MAJOR expense that really added up over time . I 'd love to hear recommendations from people for affordable humidifiers that do n't require filters . Thanks.Also , it seems to be getting worse over time and I think I 'm past the deadline to return it anyway . : -LRB- So overall , I 'd recommend you go with another humidifier .
 I 've gone through two of these humidifiers now and they both ended up with the same problem . The first one I had for about 2 weeks and it worked great , and then all of a sudden the motor started sounding like a car without a muffler . Even my husband who sleeps through everything could n't sleep with it on . It was extremely loud . It was still under warranty , so I figured I just got a defective one and exchanged it for a new one . The new one I only used for a few nights , and then I did n't need it anymore for a while , so it sat in it 's box . 6 months later , I take it out again , and it 's suddenly horribly noisy like the old one . Unfortunately , since it laid in the closet for several months , it 's warranty is long over , so I 'm stuck with an adorable , but completely useless humidifier . The claims of it being `` whisper quiet '' are simply not true .
 We took a risk ordering this item for christmas and did n't heed the warnings . Cute , sure ... But this item is a piece of junk . Clearly mass produced in china , this item is made of cheap plastic . Your paying for the penguin shape . Several other reviews even claim this breaks or does n't work right . I ca n't even tell you how it works , it was broken upon arrival . The plastic basin was broken in a very obscure location . Its shipped engulfed in rigged styrofoam , so It obviously did n't break during shipment . Not to mention when you read the instruction labels it says you ca n't put it on carpet , wood , elevated surface , and several other locations . We found a much better one at walmart for a quarter of the price . Sure buy it , but if you like quality , well designed items - you WILL be disappointed . Do n't be dumb - do n't by this .
 very disappointed that Amazon sent me a used one , at least has been open by other people . I bought a lot of stuff from Amazon , but I start to doubt its credibility !
 Terrible model . We have the Crane Cow and LOVE it so decided to buy another Crane . The 1st one arrived quickly but was defective , knob to control mist did not work . Sent back the next day , Amazon immediately sent me a replacement and this one is junk , mist barely comes out even if on high and goes straight down to floor ... completely ineffective . My Crane Cow the mist shoots straight up w / force and makes the room like a rain forest , the dragon model was awful . Returning this one to buy a different model at a local store in case I have to return .
 We got this about a month ago for our 3 month old . We have run it for a month and it worked well until this week . The fan started running very loud and wakes us all up . -LRB- Our baby sleeps in a bassinet in our room . -RRB- My husband took it apart to see if he could fix it , but a replacement fan is not available for purchase . We have written the company to see what can be done . In the mean time , it is a big , plastic , expensive piece of junk . I 'm so disappointed .
 I bought both the penguin and the frog humidifiers for my boys ' rooms . The frog 's motor had a low whirring sound that caused one of the boys to wake up several times during the night , and he 's not a light sleeper . That one was returned to Amazon right away . The penguin was quieter and worked well for about a week . Now , when turned on , the motor whirs loudly . It goes back to working quietly only after we switch it on and off several times . If you purchase one , use it right away before it 's too late to return it if problems develop .
 As shown in the product page , the product is not 2.3 Gallon capacity tank . It is 0.9 Gallon capacity tank with 2.3 Gallon output . Just got the item should see its operation . Dissappointed with the purchase , can get different brand product in less rate with good capacity and output with automation features .
 Leaked from first use on and eventually cracked around the bottom . Very poorly constructed . Cheap and difficult to put together . Also started to grow mold in spite of daily cleanings . Terrible purchase .
 I have had the elephant humidifier for about a year now , and at first I loved it -LRB- and I still think it 's the cutest/funnest humidifier available -RRB- , but I would not buy this again : A -RRB- It 's impossible to clean . Originally , I thought it was really easy to clean , but now I can tell there are areas I ca n't reach , even after taking every piece possible apart . This has only become obvious as the hard to reach areas slowly turned pink.B -RRB- This is the only cool mist humidifier I have owned , so I do n't know if this is common with a lot of humidifiers -LRB- and I would n't buy those either if it is -RRB- - but the black ring , the `` Nebulizer , '' apparently can be damaged by prolonged water contact . According to the instructions , you are supposed to remove all the water after each use . I leave mine on all the time -LRB- refilling it when it runs out -RRB- , and if I turn it off , it 's usually for when I 'm gone . So I leave the water in for when I come home . This has caused damage to the nebulizer . I 'm using the humidifier technically against Crane 's instructions , but in a way that makes the most sense for me . I want a humidifier that is convenient , not one that I have to worry about and constantly mess with.C -RRB- It 's noisy . Sometimes the constant trickling of water is comforting , sometimes I do n't want to hear it anymore . I know there are quieter ones available.It works okay for increasing humidity in my bedroom and refilling is pretty easy , but it 's not practical for my lifestyle and does n't seem to hold up that well over time , so I will be looking elsewhere when I replace this one .
 I ordered the red dragon humidifier for my 5 year old 's room . I set it up etc. . . first off , the smell of plastic it gave off was awful . Secondly , the output was not good even on the high setting . With that smell and low output I promptly returned it . On the plus side , it was very cute and my son did like it.I am currently looking at some Air O Swiss models . Pricey but I know from past experience that they deliver and do n't stink .
 Pros
 This humidifier worked great at first . We did have to clean it out weekly with bleach due to the mold smell but it was otherwise working well . It just died on us after 6 months of use . I have n't yet contacted the manufacturer but it sounds like I 'm not the only one who had this problem .
 We bought the penguin for our son and pink pig for our daughter . After about 1 month , the water in the penguin overheated for some reason . The pink pig has worked fine so maybe we just got a defective one . Be careful .
 It 's lovely and good in design . But this humidifier is only suitable for tiny rooms . It does not work well even for mid-sized rooms . You would n't see any improvement in humidity for all of the time if the room is big .
 I ordered two together . I ordered this because I have another crane bought 4 years ago . It is still good . However , these two new cranes are totally different products . The maximum vapor flow is very small , making it almost useless . What is worse , right around 1 month I received the items , one is broken . The light is not on any more . I tried to return it . Amazon said I can only get partial refund and I need to pay the shipping too . Amazon is no longer the old Amazon any more . Time to leave .
 inexplicably , this item started making a labored noise and then leaked water from the bottom . Of course , electricity and water do not go well together and so we 're glad we caught it before disaster struck.We have another -- non-kid humidifier -- from the same maker that 's been fine .
 The Crane penguin was indeed adorable and when it was working , it worked well . It worked for about one month then quit . I am not sure why . I took good care of it and was careful not to get any water in the motor . I have one day left to return this item , but I do not think it is worth the trouble . I may buy another one from Target as I how have four filter cartrides left and Target is nearby and has a good return policy . I am back to using my 20-year-old , ugly , Samsung cool mist humidifier .
 the plastic water Reservoir was broken , so I returned it and it was never replaced
 we have tried different humidifier for my son . I bought this one thinking its cute and could possibly last longer than the other ones . we have been searching for the best humidifier and we still are , this is our 4th humidifier . we only used it for 2 days and it broke !! what a piece of junk .
 We got the green frog and it 's really cute . But when my son had a cold , we could n't get warm air to blow out . Then realized it only sends out cold mist . It 's great in that the mist moisturizes the air , but I really wanted warm mist , which is really soothing . We have a humidifier from the 1970 's , belonging to my parents , so we dragged that out and man , it just blasts the room with awesome hot mist and in no time he was feeling better . I see on the description that it says `` COOL mist humidifier '' but I had mistaken that all humidifiers gave off warm/hot air . I guess they want it child safe , but really , I `` m not going to seat him right next to it . Anyway , if you want Cold mist , this is for you . Otherwise , get something more practical . ''
 Just stopped working . Green light is on and water is bubbling , but no mist . Horrible waste of money . More Chinese crap designed to steal your dollars and American jobs . Avoid like the plague .
 This is a great product . At first it did n't seem to work but the problem resolved itself once I found the right surface . I bought a second one in the shape of a pig , and both humidifiers work very well.These products are quite powerful for their price . You need to make sure that there is enough breathing space under the bottom of the unit , otherwise it wo n't be able to function .
 We bought a Crane Penguin humidifier 4 years ago and it has worked well . So we decided to buy another one for the extra dry winter days . The new penguin looked the same , but the electrical part -LRB- bottom half -RRB- of the unit was obviously different . The new penguin 's vapor appeared weaker than the old one 's , apparently there was n't a fan to blow out the vapor as in the old one . The new penguin was slightly noisier than the old one , though it 's still quiet . There was no comparison in the output
 Please do not waste your money on this adorable humidifier . I would not even give this product one star . The reviewer who stated that the company does not stand by its product is absolutely correct !!! I too was drawn into the `` Adorable '' marketing of this product . I loved the ultrasonic mist produced , but then when it came to cleaning , like all humidifiers , it is a challenge . Okay , I thought that is n't too bad , but no it did n't stop there . After only ONE YEAR AND TWO MONTHS of moderately gentle use it no longer functioned . I used filtered water and I also bought the filter recommended for the humidifier . By the way I purchased three of these worthless things - you would have thought I would have learned from the first breakdown , slow learner Grandma . I called the company , silly me , thinking that they would stand by their products integrity or lack of it . `` One year warranty and sales receipt '' was the conversation . I ended up just taking the most recent of the three back to the store for a refund . The company wants you to mail it back to them , yes you pay the shipping . Grandma is n't that dumb . The other two broken Crane humidifiers are out in the trash because Crane wo n't back their inferior product . I will not buy another Crane ever , nor will my family members or friends . DO NOT BUY IT !!! Lesson learned .
 We bought this humidifier at another store -LRB- rhymes with `` may mart '' -RRB- and it was fantastic for a couple of weeks . Then one evening -LRB- we only used it at night while we slept -RRB- , we filled it up like we did every night , turned the knob , and nothing . No light , no motor operation ... nothing . It was the cheapest humidifier we could find at the store , and I guess we just found out why . I do not recommend buying this product .
 We 've had a couple of these humidifiers -LRB- panda & frog -RRB- for about two years now . I thought that they were doing something until I bought a hygrometer -LRB- measures humidity level -RRB- . They were not making much difference . So , we bought a warm mist humidifier by Vicks and it works great . Sometimes , it 's works too well that I have to be careful that it does n't exceed 50 % , which can be accomplished by setting it low . We still use these Crane humidifiers since we have them . It 's better than nothing .
 I think this humidifier is really cute and works well . However , it is impossible to clean . You can only access the tank from a silver-dollar sized opening , so if any mildew builds up at all , you simply ca n't get in there to wipe it down and a replacement tank costs just about as much as a new system .
 All this product offers is a cute appearance . It does not produce enough mist , even at the max setting , to counter the driness in my toddler 's room . When I observed the mist being produced through the kitty 's ears over a week , I could n't help but to think that a smoker could probably puff out a cigarette smoke bigger than that of this humidifier . Too bad , I ca n't return the product for a refund because I discard the packaging material .
 This is one of those products that make you think about the `` safety '' of plastics . It had a really strong chemical smell . I had originally bought this humidifier for my newborn since some baby books recommend the use of one . However , I 'd imagine this chemical smell would be harmful to all people . I was willing to try the product thinking that the smell would go away , but the unit would n't turn on - it was probably for the better that it did n't work anyway . Why risk the chemical fumes , especially after all of the trouble I went to purchase BPA-free baby bottles ?
 I purchased 2 of these humidifiers for my children , to use nightly , to help with the dry Colorado air . Yes , they are cute , but within two weeks , my son 's stopped working -LRB- no mist was coming out -RRB- . I tried all of the trouble shooting ideas in the instruction manual and even contacted Crane . I had to exchange it for a new one.Now , three months later , I will have to return both of them . Once again , the mist has stopped coming out in one of them . The other one continues to leak , enough that after running all night , there is a 1/2 inch pool of water on the tray I placed under the unit . Aside from that , the handle broke off one of them while I was cleaning it.I gave it two stars because this ultrasonic system is much quieter than the evaporative humidifiers I 've had in the past .
 I bought this product because of what I heard about ultrasonic humidifiers being better then the old steam humidifiers . . this unit was cute and pretty inexpensive.After a few days of usage I noticed that my baby 's room was hazy especially when his night light was turned on . After a few more days the CD player we have in there stopped reading the disc due to the white dust that had covered everything in the room and even inside of the cd player.This is common with ultrasonic humidifiers . . because they use ultrasonic waves , the water droplets that are created still have the minerals that are found in the tap water ... thus causing the white dust . Some of the better humidifiers have a mineral trap but not this one.We also noticed that our son started to have stuffy noses every morning which we would use nose drops to help clear . It was n't until after we stopped using this unit did we realize it was caused by the white dust ... and after doing some research we found that it is pretty common for people to get iratated from the dust.The other major problem with this unit is that it is sooo cheaply made . The plastic in several areas is very thin . . you almost feel like you are going to break it every time you go to refill the tank . There are several areas that feel this way.Lastly the unit is hard to clean . . since there is no mineral trap . . only after a week or so you will notice it getting really nasty inside with mineral build up and other bacteria . . the way it is constructed makes it hard to clean especially around the float switch.It was cute but with the issues with the white dust and our son waking up every day with a runny , stuffy nose and feeling cheap and being hard to clean . . its just not worth it . . spend a little more and get something nice and more healthy . . we like the Vicks Germ Free Humidifier . . it has a UV light that cleans the water and a mineral trap to make the tap water just a little bit better . It may be twice the cost but it is worth it .
 I used this product for about 10 days . I have two different hygrometers whose reads typically differ by a 1 % . Both of them did n't register any -LRB- any ! -RRB- variation in the humidity of my -LRB- small -RRB- bedroom after hours and hours of operation with the door closed ! They do register important variations when the shower is on or something is boiling in the on the other side of the house . This is a nebulizer , not a humidifier . The water goes on the floor as soon as it is ejected . Absolutely useless . I am so going to return this item .
 Be prepared to put down a towel or two in the mist path as this will make your hardwoods nice and slick or your carpets cold and wet . If used at lower intensity it is less messy , but then again , less humidity for those little noses .
 IF YOU HAVE A YOUNG CHILD/BABY THAT CAN NOT SPEAK YET , DO N'T GET THIS PRODUCT.This product line has quality issues and a potential safety issue . I bought 2 of these humidifiers . The first one the frog from Target . At first it was very quiet . After about 2 months , the frog started humming and rattling loudly . So we threw that out and bought a second one . This time it was the elephant model . It seemed to work well for a couple months . But then one night I came into the baby 's room and there was a horrible plastic smell that burned my nostrils , and my baby was crying . I hope that smell is n't toxic . Do a search for the word `` smell '' on all the low ranked comments and you 'll notice many people having this same issue .
 After 21/2 years , the humidifier stopped working . From the time it came out of the box , I noticed that it produced less steam than other models I have owned . The fan would start to make a loud humming noise which would require it to be turned off and back on . The penguin head cracked as well .
 Bought this product to add humidity to our sons bedroom . It looks cool , is quiet , shoot out the foggy mist in the air , but it does not do the most important thing that it suppose to ... add humidity . We had it running every night throughout the the whole night and it just does n't work . It works as a cool looking accessory ... that 's it . If you are looking for humidifier , do n't waste your money on this product and buy the real thing . You and your baby/child will be much happier .
 I actually purchased this in 2007 for my personal sinus issues . I used for maybe a year , until I saw how much better my boss 's simple generic heated mister worked.The weak fan makes some noise , but the heated misters are absolutely quiet . The cool mist sink rapidly and I find it hard to believe it 's moisturizing anything other than your carpet . You have to use distilled water or buy expensive tablets to easy the debris that accumulates in this tank . Speaking of the tank , it 's awkward to unscrew the head , refill and reload . I have been much happier with the local drug store 's generic hot air humidifiers for roughly $ 20 , or this one I bought for my mother : Vicks 1.5 Gallon Vaporizer with Night-Light . If you need them to be cute for a child , then put stickers on it , I suppose .
 We bought this for my daughter and she loved seeing the steam come out of the penguins mouth . The unit was working great until it stopped working completely after a few months , is now our of warranty , and we have a non working paper weight . We are going to buy a replacement from another company .
 I purchased a Hello Kitty humidifier for my daughter on October 28th . It 's been run and well-maintained in a the few weeks we 've had it . Unfortunately , tonight the motor caught on fire . Thankfully , the smoke alarms alerted us and the fire department before a tragedy happened - my seven year old was asleep in the room . I will be alerting the manufacturer and amazon of the safety concerns , but in the meantime , you might want to skip this purchase until it 's deemed safe . I will not forget the haze in my daughter 's room when the door was opened tonight for a long time.The fire department confirmed that the problem was with the humidifier , although it was being used correctly . Hopefully this was an isolated incident , but please be wary of this product .
 I bought the ` Frog ' here . My mom bought two at a local retailer . All three have the same model number . My date code was 10-09 hers were both 07-09 . At first glance they look identical but there are some subtle differences on the outside.Both of hers work fine . Mine sort-of works . Sometimes it does not turn on . When it does , it runs for hours and then the rate at which the vapor is released slows dramatically even though the tank is nearly full.Although I do not have proof it appears Crane has licensed this to multiple manufacturers who have some leeway over the internal design.If you happen to get one with a black rocker switch on the back , then congratulations you win a working unit . If yours -LRB- like mine -RRB- has the main front knob to control flow density and on/off , then good luck to you because after close examination of the two designs I believe the latter one is just plain faulty.I do not care if you buy it or not but consider there are almost a hundred one star reviews on this series of humidifier . That is a lot of unhappy people.For reference I have aCrane 2.3 Gallon COOL Mist humidifierand it is working like a champ .
 I am getting ready to throw away my child 's 2nd Thomas the Tank Humidifier in 4 months . There is a small piece of plastic in the tank that covers the night light on the base that has broken on both of the units . Without this little piece of plastic , the water will not stay in the tank and pours out EVERYWHERE ! It is a very cute concept and very appealing to children , but it is just not sturdy enough .
 We are on our 3rd one , and these do not last . I am done with this product . They will lst for about a year , and then the fan starts making noise . I even opened the bottom up , and wiped all the minerals off the fan blade , lubricated the motor , and to now avail . Spend a littl ebit more , and get one that will last more than a season .
 First one did not turn on at all . Second one was extremely loud . Going for refund , not a replacement - again .
 I just received the Crane Cow Humidifier yesterday and already there was a big CRACK on the right side . I tested it by filling the tank with water to see if it still work . I told myself returning it would be too troublesome if it works . After 10-15 minutes the mist did n't come out of the top . I opened it and saw really weak mist stationing inside . The setting was on MAX too . I dropped it off at the Post Office today and placed an order for the PIG . Let hope it does n't come damaged and actually works !!! > -LRB-
 it worked well when it worked . but just a year after purchase it stopped working .
 Purchased two units . One did not produce any water vapor at all . The second unit produced a little bit but it was poor in output . This was disappointing as we compared the performance to other units we have had in the past years likes vicks . So we did research online and followed all the directions and the output was still poor . It was not the water quality as we used reverse osmosis water . We returned the units for a full refund to amazon.com and purchased the vicks units instead that we know at least work .
 If your teen is under 5 ' tall and 100 lbs , then you may find this chair desireable . I spent alot of money for a kiddie chair ; I found a better and cheaper chair at WalMart . I do NOT recommend this item ; the fabric is shoddy and the frame is extremely small . Plus , it is difficult to adjust .
 This product is from Shakers & Thangs.The product was great ; more than what I had hoped for.However , the delivery time was extremely long . It was delivered 2 weeks after the delivery due date . I had to make a direct phone call to Shakers & Thangs to get them to move on it . If you order from this company , be patient . It will take a long , long , long time to get your merchandise . I will never order from Shakers & Thangs again . Terrible service !!!
 This teapot looks very good and makes great tea . Unfortunately , my praise ends there . This product has a flawed design . There is no mechanism for easy removal of the infuser . The infuser itself was made to be taken out -LRB- there are retractable prongs -RRB- , but there is no way to carefully do this . When I tried to clean it , the glass broke -LRB- this was the first time I had ever used it , and I am a reasonably careful person -RRB- . Also , broken glass is NOT covered under Bodum 's warranty . My advice is to stick with cast iron pots . They are more expensive , but they last forever under normal conditions .
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 I purchased this opener about eight months ago , and like the others who wrote reviews I was thrilled with the quality ... skip forward eight months and ... well it just wears out , it wo n't cut through a single can . I 've never had a can opener wear out so fast .
 I decided that any new gadgets/products for my kitchen have to be color to add to the ` fun ' of cooking etc. . . hence i ignored the bad reviews and thought how bad could a can opener be ... It is SO bad ! - it takes me 3 min to open a can with lots of frustrations and annoyance - especially as the can is never fully open and i just use a knife to flip up the rest.The opener does not go around smoothly , stops after every small turn and wont grip the item ... its bad bad news - dont make the same mistake i did !
 I too , was not able to open a can after about 9 months . The `` cuteness '' of having a little set of matching gadgets was too short lived ... . I 'm sad and disappointed .
 This product is from Shakers & Thangs.The product was great ; more than what I had hoped for.However , the delivery time was extremely long . It was delivered 2 weeks after the delivery due date . I had to make a direct phone call to Shakers & Thangs to get them to move on it . If you order from this company , be patient . It will take a long , long , long time to get your merchandise . I will never order from Shakers & Thangs again . Terrible service !!!
 I could use this item for only a couple of months and then it died on me . I fixed it , and then died again . So I just threw it away . Do not spend your money on this piece of trash !
 Do not be seduced by the price of this pan . I guess the old saying `` you get what you pay for , '' is true . The problem I have with this pan is the lid . Water or whatever you are cooking gets trapped in the seal of the glass lid . The only way to get it out is to shake it vigorously and warm the pan on the stove with the lid on . Also so disappointing is the customer service I received from Calphalon . I called immediately after the pan arrived and they cheerfully told me they would send another lid and a sample of cleaner right away . That was more than 3 months ago . Repeated calls to ask what the problem is , always resulted in taking my name and address again , and telling me it would be sent out right away . I also did a test when a friend purchased this pan and had the exact same problem with the lid . It is defective and should be taken off the market .
 junk dont buy it get yourself some real trays unless you dont need to get the cubes out of the tray which is what this is good for ... I call this a movie set ice tray
 This product is from Shakers & Thangs.The product was great ; more than what I had hoped for.However , the delivery time was extremely long . It was delivered 2 weeks after the delivery due date . I had to make a direct phone call to Shakers & Thangs to get them to move on it . If you order from this company , be patient . It will take a long , long , long time to get your merchandise . I will never order from Shakers & Thangs again . Terrible service !!!
 Are we supposed to intuitively know how to use this steamer , or are there instructions online somewhere ? Maybe I 'm old-fashioned , but I find instructions useful items to include with products . Also , the aluminum pot I received has about a 2 `` x1 `` x1/8 '' dent on one side and the basket has an indelible `` GE '' written on the rim in black Sharpee - nice touch ! My expectations were obviously not met . Now to figure out how to make rice with this -LRB- huge ! -RRB- thing !
 Maybe my water is too hard , but after boiling and boiling , the rice never cooked . I would not recommend this unless you have used an item like this before .
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 Slate pieces on table are too small and leave gaps between pieces . The table under the slate is unfinished , so you see unfinished wood between the slate pieces . The slate comes packed on the table , held on with poor quality masking tape which does not peel off in one piece and leaves sticky residue on the top wood surface . I am still trying to get all the sticky tape off after owning it for 1 month . Some of the slate came chipped -LRB- corners missing -RRB- and one table had slate that looked completely different from the others . -LRB- I ordered coffee , end , and sofa tables . -RRB- Coaster Furniture Company would not replace the slate . I should not have to pay this much money and then have to cut my own slate . FYI
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 Having bought EVERY pink item in the last several months . I was dismayed to discover that none of the money was going to CFTC just because I had bought them . Seems that in VERY small print on the hang tag , there is a disclaimer . You have to go online and register the product . Only then will KitchenAid fork over the Money ... . Yes for something as small as a set of measuring cups or a knife , you have to register.Of course I discovered this long after I had thrown away the hang tags . So I went to LOWES and wrote down the UPC from the items they still stocked there . They were out of several items I have and did n't know if they were getting any more . So now I am off to the mall kitchen store . Wish me luck . Oh and SAVE those hang tags.I am posting this same complaint on every kitchenaid item at amazon
 The sticky rice holder does not match the one in the picture - the picture has a conically shaped sticky rice holder , which makes it fit in any pot . The sticky rice holder I received has a flat bottom which is more shallow at the top -LRB- too shallow to fit in any pots I own -RRB- . Right now , I ca n't make sticky rice with it -LRB- and I could if the seller sent me the steamer basket listed -RRB- .
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 Item To heavy to mount on mirror or wall with suction cups provided . Item to heavy to carry on a plane in suitcase . I read some of the reviews before buying but still thought the item would work , but i was wrong .
 The actual cup & spoon ; measuring set yo will get does not look at all as nice and smooth as the pictured one . Moreover , the measuring cups you will get are NOT connected by a removable leveler -LRB- there is no leveler attached at all -RRB- , and the loop is flimsy -LRB- it does not have a cover to keep ends together -RRB- . If I knew , what I would get , I would definitely not bought it , I would just go to Marshall or Target store to get a better set . I 'm quite disappointed with this buy .
 Having bought EVERY pink item in the last several months . I was dismayed to discover that none of the money was going to CFTC just because I had bought them . Seems that in VERY small print on the hang tag , there is a disclaimer . You have to go online and register the product . Only then will KitchenAid fork over the Money ... . Yes for something as small as a set of measuring cups or a knife , you have to register.Of course I discovered this long after I had thrown away the hang tags . So I went to LOWES and wrote down the UPC from the items they still stocked there . They were out of several items I have and did n't know if they were getting any more . So now I am off to the mall kitchen store . Wish me luck . Oh and SAVE those hang tags .
 I bought a few sets of kitchen aid cups and spoons because I do a lot of baking . After a year of use , the markings on the measuring spoons has completely faded which makes it very annoying when your baking . I 'm always double checking to make sure I have the right spoon . I 'm replacing all my plastic with stainless , it just last longer .
 Having bought EVERY pink item in the last several months . I was dismayed to discover that none of the money was going to CFTC just because I had bought them . Seems that in VERY small print on the hang tag , there is a disclaimer . You have to go online and register the product . Only then will KitchenAid fork over the Money ... . Yes for something as small as a set of measuring cups or a knife , you have to register.Of course I discovered this long after I had thrown away the hang tags . So I went to LOWES and wrote down the UPC from the items they still stocked there . They were out of several items I have and did n't know if they were getting any more . So now I am off to the mall kitchen store . Wish me luck . Oh and SAVE those hang tags.I am posting this same complaint on every kitchenaid item at amazon
 This spatula is too stiff ! I gave it to my daughter and stuck with my old one . Not worth the money .
 I 'm not sure if my husband has , but I have never taken the time to review a product until now - I had to warn other people . I give it two stars instead of one only because it looks nice from far away . But it 's misleading ; this piece of furniture is SO FLIMSY and cheaply made ! We are going to have to nail it into the wall for fear it will fall over . For this price I would expect much higher quality . Shame on this company . Do not buy this !
 I opened the package and checked off all the pieces . I was missing 2 screws but figured I could use some of my own . After putting the right side and back together , I could n't get the bottom piece of the back to stay in . After 20 minutes of fiddling around , I realized that the side piece was broken . I figured I could glue or drill a screw in to keep it together . I then proceeded to try to put everything together on the bottom half . Two hours and a lot of swearing later , I realized this thing was not going together . I ended up packing it up and sending it back . I 'm happy Amazon will refund me the money . I 'm very disappointed .
 I take a certain satisfaction in finding products that are great values from unexpected sources - a dress at Target , a patio set at Walmart , running shoes on Amazon . Over the course of four apartments , I 've assembled more pieces of furniture than I can count , mostly by myself , even for items that recommend two people . I 'm usually a pretty good value-hunter , review-sifter , and makeshift builder.This item was , to date , my worst online furniture purchase . It arrived within a timely fashion - 2 weeks - and I unpacked and began building immediately . The left panel was cracked all the way through its leg -LRB- photo -RRB- , in a way that made me nervous about it supporting vertical weight , especially a bunch of glass . I 've dealt with broken shipments from Amazon before , so I just called the company and asked for a replacement part . I actually anticipated this , as other websites ' reviews of Winsome were not nearly as favorable , saying the company shipped broken pieces on multiple occasions . What I failed to recognize is this item is over 5 ' tall , and having it , all its styrofoam , and its box -LRB- in case it eventually needed to be returned -RRB- taking up over 5 ' x 3 ' on one 's living room floor is not trivial . It sat there for another two weeks.The replacement parts arrived , and when I opened the box , it was clear the part that Winsome shipped was made for an entirely different piece of furniture
 This was the worst piece of furniture I have ever purchased . I recently moved into a new condo and had to buy all new furniture and this was the only item I had a problem with . The wood was warped , the screw holes were not aligned properly and the pieces just did not fit where they were suppose to go . A complete disappointment .
 Poorly made and difficult to put together . Would not recommend this item . Not worth the money or time spent putting together .
 This is a horrible item
 It 's a cheap looking product . parts does not fit completely and there is a gap between each two pieces . the whole tower is very unstable and declined in one direction . Do not compare it with IKEA product which you can assemble perfectly .
 I received the product and the quality is unbelievably poor . The bamboo slats on the scale surface were misaligned , making it look like it was assembled by a second grader and the surface had a scratch on it . I sent it back .
 This product arrived quickly and with free shipping as promised . The concept is great but it does not properly fit on my model which is one of the models specified . It is not quite tall and wide enough , so the vacuum looses suction and alot of the particles that are picked up are accumulating in areas of the vacuum where they should n't . Second generic HEPA filter I 've tried ; guess I 'll have to pay Hoover for the exact type .
 Only comment is that the filter fits too loosely in the ` mesh ' holder . Still works though!Construction seems similar to an OEM . Like having a spare filter and this one is relatively inexpensive.To save $ $ $ on these filters I blow them out after every use with my shop air compressor!Joe
 I 've had a 350 watt , 5 qt , Kitchenaid mixer for 25 years that still works perfectly . When I saw this more powerful one , I decided to buy it -- solid state , bigger bowl , more power for bread dough , plus mine was harvest gold color -- yechh.I was so disappointed in this new model
 I have had four KitchenAid mixers in 10 years . The first three were the 325-watt , 5-quart mixer , one of which was a replacement sent by KitchenAid under their warranty policy . After the motor went out on the first three , I assumed it was because I was too rough on the mixers -LRB- I make a lot of breads and pastas -RRB- . I was searching for a new mixer from a different manufacturer when I received the 525-watt , 6-quart mixer as a gift . I assumed that having a more powerful mixer would solve my problems . Last week , however , the 525-watt , 6-quart stopped working.In all cases , the motor burned out . With the 525-watt , 6-quart mixer , I was using the pasta attachment when the burnout occured . The machine was running for about 20 minutes with no problem . I turned off the machine for several minutes and when I tried to resume making pasta the machine would not turn on -LRB- and has n't since -RRB- . I was completely surprised that a mixer termed `` professional '' would burn out after only 20 minutes . I had the mixer for less than two years.I am sure that KitchenAid mixers are sufficient for someone who makes an occasional cake or batch of cookies . If you are a serious cook looking for a durable mixer that will stand up to all your culinary endeavors , then I would look elsewhere than KitchenAid .
 Sorry to disagree with most folks . My wife 's mixer blew the nylon worm gear . Correspondence with the company offered no assistance except to infer that it was somehow her fault . She is very careful with her extensive collection of kitchen tools . . All the company did was to say how disappointed they were -LRB- translation
 I really expected to love my pro six , since for thirty years I have had a kitchen aid model 45 , which still works fine , but is harvest gold . I bake a lot , so the old one has had hard use . Alas , I have nothing good to say about the new kitchen aid -LRB- Pro six -RRB- except that it looks good on my counter . I find it inconvenient to use , the attachments are not as nice , and most important of all it has deficient power ! I was looing forward to making larger batches of things , but the new one will not even do as well as the old one with small loads . I took one back because it made such a horrible noise when I tried kneading dough . The store replaced it , but the second one is no better . Unfortunately I waited beyond the warranty to do anything about it so I 'm stuck . The pro six sits there , and I use the old harvest gold one .
 My mother and my mother in law had kitchen aid stand mixers that lasted over 20 years . My pro-600 575 watt mixer which I bought for myself and my two daughter in laws lasted exactly 14 uses . Oh yes it took two years and 9 months for it to shoot craps , but it sat in the closet for all except about 11/2 hours of use . So while out of warranty , it is still only good as a dust catcher.The transmission is a piece of junk , any stress and the bushing snaps and you now have a $ 120.00 replacement/repair bill . DO N'T BUY THIS MIXER IT IS JUNK , PLAIN AND SIMPLE JUNK.What used to be a fine product is another example of the lousy standards American manufacturing companies have . The unit was `` assembled '' in the USA , but where were the critical parts made ? Good question , but Kitchen Aid wo n't tell you.Want a price to fix it , either mail he unit in , -LRB- think of the price of that friends -RRB- or take it to your local repair shop which if you are as lucky as I am , is a 130 mile round trip.Service , quality ? They do n't know the word.Amazon is a great service , I love buying from them . I wish they carried reliable products , but they , like I thought it was a superior brand . What a mistake I made . Do not make the same mistake that I did .
 I 've tried several Kitchnaid products now , including a Professional 475 watt professional with all metal gears , and a 350 watt professional with a 5 quart bowl . The biggest problem I have with Kitchenaid is that you get a different sounding machine every time you turn it on . It literally drives me nuts . I just assummed that my first machine was bad because it was refurbished . Then I remembered that episode with Emeril Live on Food nework . He asked the audience if they had any aspirin because his Kitchenaid sounded so bad . I purchased two new ones , first a 350 watt , then the 475 watt . Thanks to return policies of Costco and Frys , I had no problem returning them . Just go to any store , find a hookup , turn it on 2 or 3 times , it will not sound any better at home when mixing flour . The Kitchenaid pro series have received negative reviews for good reason . Another thing to seriously consider is that the dough hook is going to leave you scraping flour from the bowl most of the time , especially if you like to experiment and work with less flour than is required for three 14 '' pizzas . I take pizza dough very seriously . So unless you 're focus is huge parties , you 'll find that the dough hook is too short for the 5 or 6 quart bowls , and your hands will be in the bowl far more than the dough hook . The last thing is that adding flour is a pain to add as your mixing . Very few people find the cheap plastic flour addition to be any help , so you are left with lifting the bowl up and down with the Pro series , and undoing it . The head lifting mechanism are probably a better way to go . For now , I will work with an Oster 5 speed hand mixer , with 200 watts , where I can easily mix 2 to 4 cups of hi-gluten dough -LRB- 14 % protein -RRB- with a standard 3 to 1 ratio of liquid to flour . One thing is for sure , I find kitchenaid way over marketed , and my flour does n't sit at the bottom any longer thanks to a simple hand mixer .
 Since we have children with ` tricky ' food allergies , we feel safer making ALL of our bread , pizza dough , cookies , cakes , pasta , etc at home ... My wife was interested in Kitchen Aid , so I bought her the top of the line Pro 6 as I knew she would be using the machine extensively and she needed something reliable and robust . A month ago , we started getting small amounts of ` steel dust ' in our bread ... at first we thought there might be something wrong with the flour itself but when the problem re-occured , I decided to go and check for myself and dismantled the Pro 6 . Upon opening up the mechanism , close to a full cup of gear steel dust came out ... the machine had been noisy but I had never thought it was grinding itself up !!! We had purchased the machine 14 months ago -LRB- 2 months over warranty -RRB- ... the service center folks were at first saying that I should n't have dismantled the machine and that the warranty was therefore void ... however , after discussions , they agreed to take it back -LRB- as of course dismantling it did not result in the gears instantly grinding themselves up ... that had been a problem that had started probably from the start -RRB- and they will fully replace the machine ... I am hoping that the old one was a ` lemon ' and that the new one will meet our expectations ... However , from my experience , if you will be making an extensive use of a mixer , do your research to make sure it can handle the load .
 I purchased a Kitchen Aid 5 quart mixer for $ CDN410 . Very shortly after the one year warranty expired the machine spewed oil on the counter and made an awful noise when operating . The repair was $ CND85 repair . In May of this year the mixer stopped mid-recipe . An estimate of repair is $ CDN135 . The dealer says the gears are stripped and that someone must have overloaded the machine or jammed something in the bowl during operation . I can assure that neither of these conditions apply . I can offer a third and in my opinion very plausible cause of failure ... poor design.Maybe the machine I bought was a lemon but more likely the mixer is not intended to be used every other week , or the mixer was never intended to make bread dough and the dough hook is included with the mixer as a marketing ploy.Adding up my costs , ignoring the time value of money , and assuming bi-weekly machine use , works out to a cost of $ CDN3 .02 per use . That 's pretty expensive even in Canuck bucks ! Another way to look it is that bi-weekly for eight years works out to 208 times . If I had used the mixer everyday during the first year of operation I could have had the damn machine repaired under warranty because the mixer would not have lasted ONE year .
 This is simply a dog of a product . Save yourself a few dollars and get their extraordinary 5 Quart mixer -- the good old standby that lets the user lift the beater head and does n't require unusually good dexterity to just put the bowl in place.This product had to be designed by a committee of non-cooking males . It is n't easy to take the very best mixer design in the world and blow it in search of a few bucks . That , however , is just what Kitchen Aid did to its very loyal -- until recently -- customers . `` We are not amused . ''
 I purchased this mixer just after this past Christmas as a `` present '' to myself . Wow , finally a Kitchenaid with lots of power . I agree with others in that I think it is cumbersome . Every time I turn and pull down the beaters to remove them I get full of gook . I find the bowl difficult to remove and I do n't think that it mixes well ; a lot of scraping necessary . It is great for bread kneeding ; that 's about it though . Now I feel stuck as it did not come at a cheap price . Give me my mom 's ol Hamilton Beach . That was a mixer .
 Thought about buying the 325 watt machine , but wanted the something more powerful so I could just cruise through smaller batches without the chance of straining the motor . Bought the 525 watt version , set it up adjusted everything according to the manual and started mixing a single batch of toll house cookies . But the machine was sluggish even when I took it to full power . Seemed to only have about 1/4 the strength of my Bosch . Took it back the next day . Beautiful appliance . Thinking about trying another one , maybe I got a lemon .
 Having owned a KitchenAid 5 qt `` armed '' mixer , I wanted to upgrade to the 6 qt `` Professional '' model for double batches of cookies . Upon first use of the `` Pro '' machine , several design problems became apparent which I did not have with the 5 qt . machine . The shaft to which the beater attaches has no spring to help force the beater or whisk downwards towards the bottom of the bowl , and the clearance between the beater and the inside of the bowl is too great , even with the adjustment screw maxed out . The resulting gap between the beater and bowl leads to incomplete mixing while creaming shortening and sugar , with tiny beads of the shortening dispersed throughout the mix . Since the 6 qt . bowl is wider than the 5 qt . bowl , the inside of the bowl has a shallower curve , and while the mixer is running the dough tends to rise outwards and above the top of the beater more than with the 5 qt . bowl ; subsequently there is a lot more scraping of the sides of the bowl required to ensure even mixing . -LRB- Unfortunately , all KitchenAid mixer designs share a common design flaw - because of the fixed bowl , it 's not as easy to scrape the bowl compared to a mixer with a rotating bowl . The mixer has to be stopped and the bowl lowered or head raised several times to scrape the entire bowl -RRB- . While the 6 qt . machine is running , the ozone level of your kitchen will rise markedly - not recommended for asthmatics . Because of these problems , I returned the 6 qt . machine . Caveat emptor !
 A friend of mine bought this mixer with the intended use of mixing mostly double-batch cookie dough.After less than a month in use , it appears that the speed controler has gone south . The mixer starts , runs 2 seconds and shuts down.She owned the 4.5 qt previously . I own the 325W 5qt model . Both of these have been workhorses -LRB- i have been mixing bread dough in mine for 10 yrs - albeit infrequently - and have ` abused ' it more than once . -RRB- General Pros of the Professional 6qt model
 Picture working away on some holiday baking with the help of a fabulous KitchenAid mixer . Now picture the entire front , bottom piece of the mixer suddenly breaking off , sending the bowl flying before bouncing off the counter-top and clattering to the floor . Quite the surprise ! Buy this mixer and it could happen to you too.While it is not a common occurrence , the Professional 600 mixer has a known defect that causes the appliance to fail . If you do a little research on-line , you will see multiple complaints about the `` planetary gear output shaft assembly '' -LRB- aka PGOSA -RRB- uncoupling from many KitchenAid mixers that have elliptical movement . For layman 's terms , see the above first paragraph.KitchenAid was once on the short list of companies that could be counted on to stand behind their products . For many people , including myself , KitchenAid 's history of superior customer service was often the decision factor when purchasing both small and large appliances.As you may have guessed by now , my mixture is no longer within the one year warranty period . I offered to provide copies of the multiple references I found about the mixer 's defect , but as it turns out , KitchenAid is well aware of the problem.The customer service person advised me that it happens `` very rarely . '' She really seemed to think I would find it comforting to learn that in the whole time -LRB- almost one year ! -RRB- she has worked for KitchenAid , I was only the third person she had spoke to about the problem.I cared as much about being `` only '' the third person as much as she cared about hearing I had used my mixer less than twenty times before it failed . It did not matter to her at all.For the record , I understand what it means to be out of warranty and that KitchenAid is well within their right to blow me off . Since I am out of warranty , I am at their mercy and have no recourse regardless of how many times I have used -LRB- or not used -RRB- the mixer . I also understand that some companies choose to stand behind their products if they are aware of a problem.Sony is a great example . They handled all costs of repairing a television of mine that was WAY out of warranty . In fact , they told me about the defect and offered repair immediately , no hassle . Sony is now the only television I buy just because I know they stand behind what they sell.I have written to KitchenAid pleading my case and am hoping for a reprieve , but am not holding my breath . KitchenAid used to stand behind their products , but being gobbled up by Whirlpool changed that . If you are looking for a top of the line mixer , consider theViking Professional 5 - quart Stand Mixer , BlackorCuisinart SM-55BC 5-1/2 - Quart 12-Speed Stand Mixer , Brushed Chrome .
 I purchased my KitchenAid Pro 6 last year and have only used it 5 times . Today , after about 5 minutes of mixing , it smoked a little and shutdown . It 's supposed to have a thermal reset function , but it appears it did n't work . It will not come back on even after waiting several hours.I will be seeking technical assistance and finding out how much repairs will cost . If it 's too much , I 'll have to trash the unit .
 I LOVED the 4.5 quart KitchenAid Mixer but decided to go with this larger unit . The design itself is just awkward . The head or top piece is stationary unlike that found on smaller models . It becomes much more difficult to use . KitchenAid has taken its original ergonomic delight and ruined it . Stay with the 5 quart mixer
 If you are a serious cook , especially a bread enthusiast , do n't be fooled by the `` Professional '' implication of the name . This mixer can not handle even a moderate batch of substantial bread . I went through three units -LRB- 2 burned out motors and one unstable mixer head , all objectionably loud -RRB- in the period of one year before abandoning the brand altogether . After many hours of internet searching I settled on a Magic Mill -LRB- Electrolux , made in Sweden -RRB- Kitchen Assistent . It is a truly superior piece of kitchen equipment that has handled every task I 've sent its way , quietly and reliably . It was a far better buy , even though more expensive , than the KitchenAid . I anticipate that it is the last mixer I will ever need to buy .
 I received this mixer as a gift in June of 2001 . In May 2002 I turned it on and oil started spewing out ! I called the customer service number for `` Hassle Free Returns '' and `` Guaranteed Replacement '' and the rep told me this sometimes happens when the mixer sits a while . I told her I make and decorate cakes on a weekly basis , she told me that `` the oil is edible , so do n't worry . '' I was making meringue - have you ever tried to make meringue with oil in it ? Not being satisfied with this answer I called again and spoke with another rep that sent out a replacement mixer . The replacement was also defective . The switch did not work . I called again and they sent me a 5-quart replacement until they `` fixed '' the problem . I called again in Sept. 2002 and they told me the problem was fixed and would send me a machine . The rep was rather snotty when I tried to confirm my color and size to her . They sent the wrong machine . They sent out another 5-quart mixer instead of a 6-quart mixer . I called AGAIN and was told the correct mixer was being sent . I asked to speak with a supervisor and there were none in the office so I left a rather nasty message on the machine . Now the supervisor will not return my call because of this message . IT IS NOW 5 MONTHS AND 3 DAYS SINCE I SENT IN MY ORIGINAL MIXER AND I DO NOT HAVE A REPLACMENT MIXER YET ! STILL WAITING ... I came home and there were slips to retrieve the 2 incorrect machines now in my possession . WHERE IS MY MIXER ?? Customer service is worthless - the guarantee is worthless . I will NEVER buy another KitchenAid product again . I did n't even want to give this product 1 star , but there is no option for that .
 This pan was about 1/2 of a regular size cake pan and now I know why . It takes forever to decorate . When the cake is baked the outlines you need to follow are very hard to define and you have to use so many different colors of icing that it takes a very long time . If you are going to buy this pan then be prepared to spend about 5 hours decorating something that will be eaten in 5 minutes !
 I 've been making my little cousins birthday cakes with these Wilton shaped pans since they were born -LRB- and even before that if we want to count baby shower cakes -RRB- . I have never had any problems following the pattern and my cakes were always greeted with amazement -LRB- even when I insist that I just follow an outline -RRB- . My cousin 's 4th birthday rolled around and she requested a `` Cars '' cake so I ordered the pan . I used a basic chocolate cake mix and while the cake slipped easily out of the pan the detailing on the pan was barely visible on the cake itself . Pressed for time I decided I did n't have time to basically freehand the design and had to scrap my plans and get a grocery store `` Cars '' cake . This pan ruined my streak of making all their cakes ! = -LSB-
 I used this cake pan twice this week , with two different tried and true recipes , and I was disappointed with the results of both . First , I made an apple cake that I normally cook in a 13x9 inch pan . This Cars pan is only 13 '' long by 4 '' tall in the front -LRB- hood -RRB- and 6 '' tall in the middle and the back , so I expected I might have to alter the bake time a little . Well , even with watching the time , the best I could do was have the cake a little overdone around the edges and slightly underdone in the middle . After I released the cake from the pan , I could see NO definition on the cake ... it just looked like a big blob . So if you want to try this pan , I 'd recommend using a very smooth cake mix/recipe -LRB- no apple , banana , zuchini , or other produce chunks in it -RRB- . Secondly , I made a favorite cake recipe that I usuallly use in a 10 '' bundt pan . Half way through the cooking , my kitchen was overwhelmed with the smell of burning . It turns out that the cake mix had run over the side of the pan . Learn from my mistake ... should you decide to use this pan , it might be a good idea to place a cookie sheet under it . When it was ready to come out , it 's overall baking was uneven , I had a hard time removing it from the cake pan , and the definition was very faint.I ended up frosting the entire cake with chocolate frosting , and I outlined the edges with red M&M s. ; I used different colored groups of M&M s ; to decorate where I thought the tires , lightning bolt , headlights , etc. should go . So it did turn out cute after all -LRB- and the kids LOVED having M&M s ; on a cake -RRB- , but I had to endure too much frustration along the way to allow me to recommend this pan.In summary , I think this is a poor quality pan in an odd , hard to work with size . It causes uneven baking and the final result shows little of Lightning McQueens features . The pan itself is very thin aluminum ... the kind that could be easily dented if you tried banging a knife on it to help release the cake . From now on , I 'll stick with Nordic Ware 's high quality , heavy cast aluminum , well-defined and designed pans .
 thin burns easily do n't waste your time or money on this piece of crap ordered it to make my son 's birthday cake i used it once through it in the garbage right after .
 the cake mix stuck to the pan . the cake did not bake evenly and it did not mold properly . very disappointed
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 Very nicely constructed item that will fit several sizes of cookware . Great steamer , we use ours all the time.Sorry about the star rating , either I did n't click on it or the stroke did n't take . Missed it on the revew . . Sorry = -RRB-
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 I bought these as a cheap replacement for the real , HEPA filters.I had a task at a friends house and brought along my vacuum to clean up.I did n't want to waste a good bag.These bags do not trap fine particles and will pass dirt into the rest of your machine.The bag full warning light came on after about 5 minutes of cleaning.I spent an hour cleaning out the inside of my vacuum after I was finished.I 'm buying a new pair of post filters too since they got so fouled up.I really ca n't see any savings using these bags over the quality bags .
 I purchased a set of these bags and am disappointed . Today , one bag tore inside my vacuum , leaking out dust into the interior of the vacuum and into my house . I compared these to some original Simplicity/Riccar bags that I since purchased . The imitation bags are made from a less stiff outer paper and the filter lining is not the same waffle-type lining in genuine bags . I realize the genuine bags cost more , but I 've decided that skimping on quality can be a hassle , especially when poor quality bags are prone to tear and leak contents while vacuuming . That 's not a win-win situation .
 Having bought EVERY pink item in the last several months . I was dismayed to discover that none of the money was going to CFTC just because I had bought them . Seems that in VERY small print on the hang tag , there is a disclaimer . You have to go online and register the product . Only then will KitchenAid fork over the Money ... . Yes for something as small as a set of measuring cups or a knife , you have to register.Of course I discovered this long after I had thrown away the hang tags . So I went to LOWES and wrote down the UPC from the items they still stocked there . They were out of several items I have and did n't know if they were getting any more . So now I am off to the mall kitchen store . Wish me luck . Oh and SAVE those hang tags.I am posting this same complaint on every kitchenaid item at amazon
 I have been looking for a 10-13 '' skillet/braiser that will remain flat on my electric flat cooktop . After reading all the descriptions-page after page , I thought the Anolon Titanium would do the trick ; however , after one -LRB- 1 -RRB- heat up on high to fry some hamburger , I had a pan that wobble terribly on its middle point -LRB- right where Anolon stamps its logo -RRB- . One can whirl the pan on this point with ease . This product may be great for the gas cooktop , but do not get it if you want a flat bottom pan for your electric cooktop . The handles stayed cool and had a good grip feel and balance for carrying and cooking .
 Pan weighs 14 lbs ! Plus does not come out of base for washing . Too heavy .
 Do you need a electric frying pan ??? Buy this one . It 's smooth , even heat puts others I 've owned to shame . Nice finish and built like a tank . Excellent !
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 I purchased this for use in making handmade soap . I used it at the beginning of the batch for 30 minutes straight on the low setting , after which , it ceased functioning , and could not be restarted , even after cool down . Fortunately , I had a paint mixer attachment for my hand drill , and that worked great .
 When I first purchased this item I was very impressed with it . It seemed to work great and it was very affordable . But upon using my fryer for the 5th time , oil started leaking out of it . I contacted Amazon and they said since it was an Amazon Merchant that I purchased the fryer from , I needed to ship it back to the return center -LRB- at my cost -RRB- and then wait for a 50 to 80 % refund . I guess this is an acceptable remedy , but in the future , I will think twice before ordering from a merchant . To me , a 1 year warranty should be exactly that-1 year-100 % refund or exchange . I am considering contacting T-Fal directly . I own lots of their products , and have never been disappointed until now .
 I do a lot of mail order shopping and 25 dollars to ship a 54 dollar product is too high . I will order elsewhere .
 Was a little hard putting it together . You have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart . I am not happy with this product .
 Disappointed when receiving this I asked where 's the rest of it ? . Not at all sturdy until DVD provide stability . Do n't do it .
 This is very unstable . DVD 's do stay on it but if you are removing one from it , other dvd 's come with it . Not a very secure piece . Would give it an F.
 The bean bag was a recommendation by a Registered Ocupation Therapist for my grandson who has autism . The chair is to firm to provide sensory stimulation that we had hoped for . Pat Gordon
 Do n't buy it ! you breath on it and the stupid thing falls over , dont try and put any DVD 's in it or it will fall over , worst purchase ever !!!
 I would not recommend these trees for outdoor . They fall apart with the wind , discolor and tip over easily . I put the into another pot so the would n't tip . However , the quality of the leaves are poor for outdoor .
 If you 're looking for a chair which will last between a week and a month then this chair is for you . After only a month of use by my 120 pound frame I managed to break the back of this chair almost completely . The remainder of the chair is fairly solid , but without a back it kind of defeats the purpose of a mid-back chair . Not recommended .
 The bean bag was a recommendation by a Registered Ocupation Therapist for my grandson who has autism . The chair is to firm to provide sensory stimulation that we had hoped for . Pat Gordon
 Somehow I stumbled onto this item while searching for `` quiet '' and `` fan '' . Now that I review the item description I do n't see any mention of `` quiet '' . Oops.The fan 's primary flaw is that it only has two speeds , both of which are insanely high . I do n't need such a mighty wind to just take the edge off of my over-heated workspace . A gentle breeze would be great . Instead I have a choice between either a hurricane or a tornado.On the bright side , perhaps this product will bring about a resurgence of interest in the paper weight . And then , one day , frustrated over my choices between a sweltering office or a deafeningly loud fan , I can grab my largest paper weight and use it to break a window , thereby cooling the office naturally . Everyone wins!Also , while the fan looks identical to the Holmes fan pictured , it is branded as a `` Westpointe '' . Really . `` Westpointe '' with two `` e `` s.
 At first , I absolutely loved this knife . It feels perfect in my hand , and is very easy to manipulate . Whereas my other knives have n't rusted in 5 years , though , this has rusted significantly in 5 months.I would love this knife if I did n't have to wash and meticulously dry it _ immediately _ after every single use .
 The bean bag was a recommendation by a Registered Ocupation Therapist for my grandson who has autism . The chair is to firm to provide sensory stimulation that we had hoped for . Pat Gordon
 I figured this would be a good camping salt and pepper shaker , I was wrong . The holes are too small , and it leaks moisture . I went back to using old spice jars .
 The bean bag was a recommendation by a Registered Ocupation Therapist for my grandson who has autism . The chair is to firm to provide sensory stimulation that we had hoped for . Pat Gordon
 The bean bag was a recommendation by a Registered Ocupation Therapist for my grandson who has autism . The chair is to firm to provide sensory stimulation that we had hoped for . Pat Gordon
 Although I normally grind up beans and make espresso , I bought some of these pods for when I 'm in a rush to get out of the door . I have used Illy espresso pods before with great results , but these pods were a huge dissapointment . I tried six pods out of the bag when I first got the pod pack -LRB- since there is a random mix of all different types -RRB- . Each cup was really poor . The pods themselves are packed very loosley , so that the espresso ends up super weak and tastes like a bad bitter cup of coffee . When I saw these I thought `` What a deal ! '' You are much better off spending the extra money for the Illy , or grinding up your own beans .
 There is a program problem . This product is NOT for Nespresso but keeps coming up when you search for Nespresso . I had to return the products and the vendor confirmed this happens often . Can Amazon correct the misleading links ?? Steve S.
 The pods did not fit in my machine very good , causing water torun out of the top . Some worked that were extras out of the pack.The flavorite coffee worked fine . I love Espresso , but does notwork in my machine .
 While there were some lovely pods in my order , I received about a dozen of the same flavor , without notice , since the podmerchant 's stock had been depleted . Some of the pods had expired , as well . I got this as a gift for my boss , so you can imagine it was more than a little embarrassing ... Customer service was n't much to speak of , either . They had a `` what 's the problem '' response when I expressed disappointment with the lack of variety and the expired goods , and they were always traveling , so communication was slow . I ca n't recommend them , unless you really do n't care what you get ! The quality of the espresso was hit-or-miss . Most of them were mediocre or stale , so . Caveat emptor .
 Got this sample box as a gift with my new espresso machine and I have tried about 4 of the pods . Some are expired which things happen I understand so eh . However the four kinds I have tried which were not expired have been just awful . I have n't been able to finish a single cup I have even resorted to ripping the pods out and trying to add and tamp it myself to see if that would help . I think the espresso that we get in this sample pack is just nasty stuff . Also I did not get all the brands pictured . Basically I do n't think the price was worth what I got for the money that was spent I felt really bad telling the person who bought this for me they wasted their money : | Update - yes already , I was going through my box of pods trying to sort expired from not and what I drank already and did n't like to toss away when I ran across three packages that were coffee pods not espresso pods . So I do n't know what to do with those perhaps they might work ! But I do not have a coffee maching that takes pods I have a espresso machine . I did come across a white package of espresso that I did enjoy and wanted to leave a review on that brand ; however , I do n't even see the brand on their picture here so I guess there is no point to that .
 Gold mugs arrived broken , had to return . Disappointed because they were a nice size mug in a color and style I liked .
 I received a set as a gift and when they arrived half were broken . Amazon did a great job sending me out a replacement set with two day shipping , problem was half of those were broken . I had to sift through to get a complete set .
 These mugs are nice but they are packaged poorly and 2 out of 6 were broken to pieces . Not worth sending them back .
 I 've recently purchased this drain stopper at a local supermarket because my new dorm room does n't have a drain plug . I 'll admit , I was really expecting this product to do an excellent job , because I 've seen other drain stoppers that would suddenly stop a whirlpool from forming , but here 's the difference , the good ones I 've seen in the past were made of RUBBER ; this one is simply a thick , inflexible plastic cover that does n't do its job . I tested this in my bathtub and instead of actually blocking out water , it was seeping some of the water in because the stopper was n't fully sealing out the water . So , each time I have to use this , I have to keep putting my foot onto the `` lid '' so it 'll stop draining . Do n't get this , it 's a waste of money .
 OK , consider me an expert on Brookstone fans . Between me and my brother , we have gone through 11 Brookstone fans.It started out when I purchased the very cute tiny Brookstone silver retro fan for $ 35 for traveling purposes . It came with an AC adapter and also ran on batteries so I was set . What a great fan ! I absolutely loved it ! My jealous brother bought one too because he liked mine so much.It lasted for 4 months . I took it back for another . 2 weeks later , I took the second one back for a third . 3 months later for fan # 4 . I thought that eventually they will get sick of me and give me my money back . But I was happy to keep returning their defective product for new defective product for as long as they wanted . Another 3 months and fan # 4 died.On the fifth trip , I noticed they were discontinuing the little silver retro fan so I opted to exchange it and pay $ 15 more for the Minimax . I ca n't use it for travel but think it will work great on my night stand . Once I got home , I immediately noticed the poor fit and finish of the Minimax . The internal fan blade mechanism is wobbly and makes a lot of noise . I 've had $ 4 fans that are better build quality . I was worried that I would soon be taking this back for fan number six.Five months later I had fan number 6 as fan 5 's wobble got worse and worse and finally the motor burned up . Fan # 6 sat NIB for 1 year in my closet . I was afraid of plugging it in since I knew how fast these deteriorate . 2 weeks ago I finally brought my fan into work , plugged it in and fired it up.Everyone comments on what a nice looking fan I have . I do like the looks and the options . And then everyone comments on how incredibly loud it is . The persistant wobble of the fan blades is worse then ever on this fan . And it gets worse with each passing day . Just like before . I give this fan about 4 months to live before I 'm back to Brookstone for something else.My brother , who bought each of the same fans I did , had similar experiences . He is on fan # 5 himself.I will say one thing about the company , they never gave me a problem on exchange for any of these fans . Good customer service . But customer service ca n't fix the fan.The Bottom Line
 MiniMax Tower FanI bought this fan for my desk 2 months ago , it was not being used 24/7 or being left on for overly long periods of time however the controls seem to have burnt out . I noticed early on the LED 's flickered a bit at start up but it corrected itself quickly but now there are no LED 's and no settings buttons work even the power button does n't respond and their is an odd smell to it now . It `` died '' in an `` On High '' state so we can plug it in to use it but you have to unplug it to stop it and frankly we worry about a house fire so we removed it.I strongly fear for the safty of anyone who has one in their home , and would suggest the retail price should be more in the $ 10 range at best for this sort of cheap craftsmanship .
 The beanbag is cheap , not soft , and filled with inferior beads . Totally different than what I expected . Not a good value , even at the low price !
 I was given this toaster oven as a gift after my old toaster oven died & I hate it . I primarily use this appliance as an oven but this one never bakes . Breaded fish tastes soggy like it came out of a microwave not crisp like from an oven & that is cooking it for 10 minutes over the recipe time . Frozen taters that should take 15 minutes at 450 took 25 minutes & still were n't crisp . It definitely can not be used as a `` small oven '' . I am very disappointed and plan to replace it .
 We have owned this at our vacation home for 2 years . It gets so hot it warped our countertop - we now have it on top of a cutting board to insulate the heat . The heat actually discolored the top and it is now concave . Timer and heat control have both broken -LRB- were relatively easy to fix -RRB- . Very poor quality - especially since it only gets used a few weeks a year ! If we used it more often I would through it away and buy another .
 I love this oven for its compactness and cute appearance . But beware ! The minute dial will turn past `` off '' and the oven will stay on when you think you it is turned off . Sometimes I walk out of the kitchen when I am cooking , but thank God I was in the kitchen , just happened to look inside the toaster and saw flames !! We were seconds away from a big fire . I would not purchase this product , and I plan to contact the company to find out why it has not been recalled .
 Ours broke for no apparent reason . Lasted about six months . Super cheaply made . Designed so it could easily be left permanently on until your house burned down seemingly . Does look kind of cute though .
 There is only leg to push it in and out . It catches the tray but wo n't allow the door to shut when the tray is it in it.Both the rack and the tray are not working . The tray does n't fit properly in the oven , its too big and catches on the side , it does not slide in and out like its supposed to .
 We purchased this model after carefully checking out other brands . What a mistake ! It browns the top of the bread unevenly while burning the bottom ! There is no automatic turn-off if the door is opened and , like several other reviewers , we agree that it is poorly made , cheap construction . Do n't buy it !
 My toaster oven runs very hot , probably 125 to 150 degrees over the thermostat setting . This is an inexpensive oven , and clearly the quality is low . It is a reminder that you get what you pay for .
 This was a gift and when i opened it thought the design was nice , but after plugging it in and waiting a few monutes with the oven on 400 I began to smell a wire burning . The outside and back of the oven got so hot it melted its own power cord which was touching the back of oven . The whole outside of this oven is so hot I cant believe they have not recalled it . Terrible around children ... DONT BUY IT ...
 this was a horrible purchase ; I have had a toaster oven for over 20 years with no problems -LRB- Black & Decker -RRB- . While visiting my daughter in her new apt. , I asked if she 'd like a toaster oven . She said sure , I purchased and had it shipped directly to her . Thought the Sunbeam brand was reputable.It has caught fire several times - with no crumbs hanging around the bottom . Of course , by the time I found this out , allotted time to return had expired.I recently moved , and instead of tossing old toaster , cleaned it up and moved it with me - still working like a charm for over 20 years - no fires ever , and sometimes there are a lot of crumbs in the bottom !
 The beanbag is cheap , not soft , and filled with inferior beads . Totally different than what I expected . Not a good value , even at the low price !
 Bad construction . Maybe its handmade but who said handmade is better ? Lid hard to open . Feels light and cheap . But price tag is very expensive . Is this because of British pound conversion to US dollars ? Do n't know but do n't recommend buying this !
 I tried emailing Simplex to order a replacement two or three times without response.That being said , it 's a pretty decent kettle . The biggest deficits are :-LRB- - -RRB- Pouring is not very ergonomic -LRB- - -RRB- The walls are really thin
 Looks great , but ... It leaked at the connection of spout to body of kettle . It also had this annoying whistle that rattled around inside . Sometimes it got stuck and did n't rattle around . When that happened , the whistle would n't work . It 's also awkward to fill . Otherwise , it 's a great kettle ... for almost $ 200 ! Ridiculous .
 This set only made it through one washing before it started coming apart . My dog jumped up on the bed & her nails cut thru the sheets . That is a first time that has happened to me - even with sheets with much fewer thread count . I am extremely disappointed in the quality of these sheets - do n't waste your money on them !
 I purchased these sheets after i read all the excellent reviews here . Evidently Amazon must do alot of editing because the experience i had with these sheets was a total opposite . When i first received these sheets i was totally disappointed . They were very thin and rough . I contacted Amazon for a refund . They told me they would send me a return shipping label . After two weeks i didnt hear anything back from them . I needed some sheets bad so i decided to wash them to see if they would soften up . WWRROONNGGG !!!!! They now feal like a newspaper that has been washed then dryed . These sheets are so stiff the wrinkles are actually painful . U can actually hear these sheets crackle . Even the convicts in Americas prison sleep on better linens . I wouldnt take these sheets even if they were FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I 'LL really be surprised if i see this review in print .
 The sheet set was nice , but damaged . There was a long cut line going down into several layers of the folded sheets . It appears the product was damage by a box cutter when it was removed from its original case.The product was retuned and after a follow up phone call , a full refund was received including shipping cost .
 Briel 's espresso machines are complete junk . I had the same problems the others reviewers state . After reading the complaints about the service center and how you pay shipping both ways for warranty repairs , I have decided to junk it and count it as a lesson learned
 I have been an espresso fan for years and recently decided that it was time to upgrade from my simplistic countertop home-kitchen espresso machine to something bigger and better . After lengthy searching , reading reviews and looking at several machines , I decided that this was the one . It had everything I wanted -LRB- grinder , water reservoir , pump delivery , steamer -RRB- and it looked good too . I eagerly placed my order . I was SO looking forward to the new addition to the new kitchen that we just built . Unfortunately , it arrived used and broken . The grinder still had beans in it from the previous user and was broken to the point that the top would n't shut . It also would n't grind - would n't even turn on . -LRB- Grinder is powered separately from the rest of the machine . -RRB- The coffee basket handle was broken as well . I was disappointed but figured that it was probably a simple mistake -LRB- i.e. , used machine that got re-sold -RRB- and returned it . The second one arrived shortly and was in brand new condition . -LRB- Good ! -RRB- I read through the instructions and set it up step by step . I could hardly stand the suspense . Finally it was time . I brewed espresso and steamed up some milk for my first semi-pro homemade latte . It was really good ... BUT took a really long time -LRB- compared to my Mr. Coffee Wal-Mart special ... -RRB- The steamer was a pain because you have to wait at least 30-45 seconds after the last espresso shot is done brewing -LRB- one shot at a time , tic toc ... -RRB- before you flip the switch to the steamer . Then you have to wait for the steamer to get going -LRB- tic toc ... -RRB- THEN it takes awhile to actually steam the milk -LRB- tic toc - zzzz -RRB- . FINALLY , you put your latte together -LRB- or whatever drink you prefer -RRB- and it 's pretty good - BUT - not for over $ 400.00 . I was surprised too , for that price , at how cheaply made the knobs are . They are simple plastic and `` gave '' a little ; it felt as if you could over-turn them very easily . I ended up returning the second machine and getting my money back.Bottom line
 The machine worked for approximately 6 months . Then the few dribbles of luke warm colored water was the daily fare . I see to repair the beast is impossible from the other owners reviews . We threw the dog out
 I was in love with my Briel - for exactly two weeks.That is how long it took for this unit to fail.DO NOT BUY this machine , it is not a quality product and will fail . Within two weeks the seal on the tank ruptured and machine was dead .
 When I got this machine I was in love with it . It was rugged and out-performed every other machine I owned . However , within a year it was on the fritz . There is nowhere in the USA for repair other than in New Jersey . Living across the country I was n't about to ship the machine there so it `` might '' get fixed . I repaired the thing myself and got another 6 months out of it . Finally too much started to go wrong with it . It is now in the pile of disgarded machines.We use our machines two or three times a day for multiple drinks -- light commercial use for a home . This machine should have been able to handle the volume , but service and parts are lacking , or a long time in coming . I am now going to buy a Pasquini Livia 90 to replace this machine . Lots more money , but proven durability .
 I 'm in the U.S. Navy and was stationed overseas when I bought this machine . Since it could n't be shipped overseas directly , I had to have it sent to a friend , then forwarded to me . The unit arrived in great condition , but the instructions and owner 's manual were poorly-written and hard to understand . With experimentation , it was n't long before I became an expert espresso maker.When I moved back to the States , I packed the machine into its original box and it was shipped inside another larger box . But during the move , something happened to the machine . When I used it , water sprayed everywhere and it would not make any espresso . With no service locations on the West coast , I too found out that Newark , NJ was my only option.I thought my luck had changed when I found a local commercial espresso machine repair shop that said they 'd fix my Briel . After the problem was diagnosed as a manufacturer 's defect -LRB- poorly-made water heater tank and a gasket which was placed incorrectly causing internal corrosion in the machine -RRB- , my repairman began to search for parts -LRB- by that time , it was no longer under warranty -RRB- . Briel is from Portugal , and as others have mentioned , parts are VERY difficult to obtain.It 's now been six months , and it appears unlikely that my Multi-Pro will be repaired . My suggestion to anyone considering a high-quality pump espresso machine is to contact the nearest espresso repair shop in your area . Find out what machines are reliable , and which ones to avoid . Many repair shops that I contacted had never even heard of Briel.When the machine was working -- it performed fine . But now that it needs service , I 've found out that the Briel EG281APG Multi-Pro was probably not the best choice to make . Remember that all espresso machines have working parts which will eventually break down -- sometimes sooner than later . Consider how easy it will be to get replacement parts when you 're investing in a good pump espresso machine .
 The beanbag is cheap , not soft , and filled with inferior beads . Totally different than what I expected . Not a good value , even at the low price !
 I 've been using a cheapo Crock Pot 4qt slow cooker for the past few years , and we loved the meals so much I wanted a larger version , so I could freeze leftovers . I bought this based one the price and reviews . The exterior gets so hot you -LRB- or a child -RRB- could get burned by accidentally touching it . I would worry about leaving it unattended for hours , which is the whole point of slow cookers . I tried my usual recipes for spaghetti sauce and beef stew . Unimpressed . The stew was still watery , not rich , after 10 hours of cooking . Sauce not up to the usual standard . Returning this and moving on .
 This slow cooker is labeled as a 7 quart capacity , but only holds 5 quarts when filled to the level that the manufacturer recommends for cooking -LRB- 1 inch from the rim -RRB- . The metal is somewhat thin and flimsy . The slow cooker cooks and functions well . For the price I paid -LRB- $ 23.99 Free shipping -RRB- it is a very good slow cooker . I ordered a 7 quart slow cooker and received a 5 quart capacity slow cooker which was labeled as a 7 quart capacity but can only hold 5 quarts at maximum capacity . If this slow cooker were sold to me labeled as a 5 quart capacity I would have given it a higher rating . I am displeased with the manufacturer for misrepresenting the true capacity of the slow cooker .
 I think I used this total of 6 times before the crock cracked . I had my other crock pot for 12 years before it even cracked and that was because my son accidentally dropped it . I think the base is poorly made . I would not buy this product again !
 I have never seen an electric cooking appliance this cheaply made ever . You can literally push the outside `` metal '' in with a finger with light pressure . All the metal inside and out are extremely thin gauged , just a tad thicker than foil . The glass cover is thin also , but the worse part is the handle . It is very tiny and shallow . The only way to hold it is with your finger tips . I am returning this .
 Yeah , all of you who are reading this review are probably looking for a heavens like sleep that you probably felt somewhere on a Tempur pedic or at an another memory foam mattress ! This was my second memory foam mattress from Amazon -LRB- the first one was from sleepwell innovations -RRB- . Specs says 5.5 lbs memory foam density and all the 11 inches -LRB- or was it more -RRB- height etc etc. . . I wish I had made a video of this mattress before I sent it back ... I dont know about others ' standard of evaluating a memory foam mattress -LRB- when they gave 5 stars to this product -RRB- but for me - it meant one simple thing - a cloud like feeling when I sleep on it and a refreshing feeling in the morning . Well I did n't get it from this one . This one has a dampened softening effect - although it feels firmer than other memory foam mattress but when you actually lay down on it - it sinks from all directions in a rubber like manner . And its not like I decided it on my first night - I tried it for 25 days before I knew its too much ! I am 30 year old male and weigh around 140 lbs and its not like that my whole life revolves around a mattress and that I am super choosy or finicky about household stuff . My first purchase of a memory foam mattress was from amazon too and that was from sleepwells innovations - that was only 3.3 lbs density but to tell you the truth that was much much better than this one . And was cheaper too - actually that was the mattress that made me believe that it is actually possible to get a mattress close to tempur pedic cloud in 1/10th of price -LRB- when I say close it means around 60 % maybe -RRB- ... but the downside with that mattress was that it started lumping after 6 months -LRB- at which time I sold it -RRB- , but for the 6 months it lasted , it was much better than this mattress.I would suggest if you want to go for a good solution -LRB- and still less than tempur pedic -RRB- go for simmons beautyrest hybrid models.One important thing - I read it in many reviews that once you open it - its almost impossible to send it back ! I dont think so - I called amazon and told them I was unsatisfied with this product and they arranged for a pick up from my house -LRB- once again excellent service from Amazon -RRB- - all I had to do was to buy a string and packaging tape -LRB- cost me 15 $ -RRB- from home depot and I wrapped it -LRB- not like vaccuum wrapped but just a double fold -RRB- inside the same plastic bag it came in , with the help of string and tape and the UPS guys came and took it away ! As simple as that.The only thing is , you should not wait for more than 30 days - because that is when Amazon 's responsibility ends and sellers responsibility begins -LRB- and trust me you dont want to deal with anyone but Amazon -RRB- . Hope this helps to all those guys who have wasted more than 10 hours already trying to decide whether to buy it or not .
 I really wanted to like this mattress especially for the price , but when I got it dissapoitment was the only thing I could feel . I know memory foam in general is firm but this mattress in my opinion is just hard . You dont sink into it , you can only feel your body break the surface but after that it is still so hard . If you 're thinking about buying this mattress just beware that buy8ing a mattress before you use it is not a wise decission , and i learned that the hard way
 2nd update about 18 months in ******************************************************************** I could not stand the mattress and the deep hole where I lay anymore.i woke up every morning with a horrible pain in my back.I laid a Melon on the mattress , a reasonably big one , about 12 pounds.The melon rolled into the hole , and I used a laser level to check the height difference.About 2 inches between the side and the middle of the mattress . And that is a Melon of 12 pounds and not a 230 pound person.I did turn the mattress clockwise every month -LRB- rotating not upside down ! -RRB- At the beginning Amazon tried to help with the possible exchange , but shipping to California and back -LRB- where the seller is located -RRB- would have been about 500 $ . So , buyer beware , if you are ok to spend that kind of money every year buy this mattress , if not , yo may find a better deal spending more . I can not advise anyone doing so.first lets be realistic , the price of 2798 is a joke , right ? So the 79 % discount is the same.The mattress itself is great , honestly , sleeping on it for about a month now , I spend 5 days on a business trip ... I could n't sleep very well in any Hotel bed after this mattress ... I was only able to survive knowing I will be back very soonin my own bed on my own foam mattress . No joke , I hate every night I do n't spend on this mattress.Enough about my sleep , here some fact . The mattress came compressed into a tight roll . It was pretty heavy , but I am a big guy and was ableto move it by myself , but I seriously advice 2 ppl for moving it.Do NOT open the roll anywhere else then its final place , it will be a mess moving it . Be careful when you open the roll , aside of a thick plastic foil there isnt much packing material , be careful NOT to cut the mattress.About the stink , yes it smells sour and not really pleasant for a week ... maybe less.About the airflow
 Before purchasing , I asked Dynasty Mattress where their mattresses were made . Tony at Dynasty Mattress said they had both USA and China mattresses . I asked for one made in USA.When we opened it up there were no tags or papers with or on the mattress ; i.e. , unpacking instructions , warranty , composition of materials , or country of origin . The memory foam top layer on this mattress was only 23/4 - 3 '' thick , not the 5 '' advertised . I checked , and it was not the 5.3 lb density foam , but the lighter 3lb density foam . Also , the cover was not a four-way zipper , but opened on only one side . The material was like a sheet . Looking at the pictures on Amazon , this was not in the original packaging , meaning it could have been a return . The shipping weight was 82lbs , not 110lbs , meaning the components were much lighter than what I bought . I said this mattress would have to be returned , and not at my expense.They claimed the mattress sent was actually better than the one advertised , which was completely untrue . They agreed to send the correct mattress , which they did , but wanted me to try to sell the other one for them ! I said no , I was n't a mattress salesman , and that they would have to arrange to have it picked up , packed , and shipped back . They then offered it to me for a greatly reduced price . After I said I still did n't want it , they said to keep it.The `` correct '' one they sent had a smell that lasted for about five weeks . One side was slightly rounded instead of straight . The cover , which looked like a Tempur-Pedic , was the nicest part . It never fully conformed to body contours , making it feel unduly firm . I sold it after six months and bought a Tempur-Pedic Rhapsody . While it was much more expensive , it was worth it in sleep comfort .
 I am really disappointed with this product . I have bought so many items from amazon.com and I am so much pleased with each and every one of them but this item . I have bought this mattress back in August replacing 5 year old memory foam mattress . After opening the package , the smell was gone after two days leaving the windows open . This really did n't bother me at all because I am aware of the smell like other mattresses do . After sleeping on it just for 10 days , the foam started sinking in . My wife and I are waking up with lots of back pain since then . I had paid around $ 750.00 for my old mattress and I thought this can replace it and give the same comfort as the old one did . It was a big mistake . This is my first ever review at amazon because I am really frustrated with this product and those reviewers who gave 5 stars for this product . I think those reviewers have never slept on a better foam mattress . I am also sorry for leaving a negative review but this Is the truth on my side . I do n't blame the manufacturer at all , it is the people who left all those good comments for this item . After buying over 200 items from amazon , this is the only item that did n't make me happy .
 I have ordered two of this mattress , one in 2009 and one in 2011 . The one I ordered in 2009 was great . It was really firm , really solid . I loved it . However , I replace my mattresses every couple of years because , well , I sweat a lot at night . I went to my amazon orders and ordered another using a link from the invoice I got for my 2009 bed . The bed I received was NOTHING like the first bed I ordered . I really do n't think it can possibly have 5 inches of the memory foam , because whereas the first bed was very firm , the second was flimsy . We sank into it and it compressed way too much . More like a cheap knockoff . I contacted Amazon to complain and they were willing to give me a refund IF I would bring it to a UPS store.This was a king size , 12 inch mattress . While they ship it with the air sucked out of it so it fits in a reasonable size box , I certainly do n't have the equipment to do that again . I had no idea how I would get it to the store , and they had no suggestions , but picking it up at my house was absolutely not an option , they just would n't do it.I would have given the mattress a `` 1 '' , but they were at least willing to give me a refund - although I have to wonder if the ridiculous hurdle they put in front of me to get it was simply to avoid the refund .
 We 've had it for a few days and have n't used it yet . It has a chemical smell similar to packing tape . We 've placed it in a room with a lot of ventilation . It has the ability to fill the room withthe smell.I 'm sure we could manage to fall asleep with the smell but I would like to know that it 's safe . The company has not returned any answer on this.They did say to take off the cover and wash it . The cover now has no smell.The smell has gotten better but it is still intense when you get close to the mattress.Update
 HARD AS A ROCK !!! wish it was softer I got ta say I am disappointed with this purchase If you are looking for something not super firm do n't buy !! thanks Jameson
 This mattress did NOT meet my expectation . It 's proven true one more time that what you pay is what you get . I would give big plus to this company since they delivered matters on time . Reason I bough this mattress is because seller advertise that mattress is as good as tempurpedic mattress but I did NOT get feeling like tempurpedic mattress after sleeping on it for a week . As soon as I set on it memory foam compresses a lot and takes longer time to readjust while switching position . Since I have tired tempurpedic mattress in Ashley 's store and now I am sleeping on dynestymettress I can feel difference between both mattresses . Pricing model of this mattress is way lower then tempurpedic and very good customer service is plus side . I was thinking that I will get exactly same as tempurpedic mattress but after I received this produce it was no where near to tempurpedic mattress . When I slept on tempurpedic mattress in local store it compress much lesser then dynestymattress and when I was switching position on tempurpedic mattress it was recovering back to its original position faster then this mattress.If you are looking for memory foam mattress its good buy but if you want tempurpedic mattress then I would recommended buying tempurpedic mattress and not any other mattress . At one point I though of returning dynestymatress and buying tempurpedic mattress but return cost is around 200 $ and it 's not worth it . I will ONLY buy tempurpedic mattress for my other room .
 Good price , but not a great mattress ... We have a queen size Tempurpedic bed already , and after reading the reviews for this king size mattress I was expecting something quite similar . What I found was quite different , however . This bed is very soft . It does not provide anywhere near the same support as a Tempurpedic mattress . The foam can easily be compressed by a few inches with just hand pressure , and your body makes a depression about 4 '' deep or so when lying on it . When you roll over you feel like you are rolling uphill . If you sit on the edge , you sink in about 5-6 '' . The smell on initial unpacking was intense - much stronger than it was with our Tempurpedic mattress , and it did not dissipate as rapidly as I expected -LRB- still too strong to sleep on after 3 days -RRB- . I 'm sure that would improve with time , and I suppose the mattress would be alright if you are small framed and prefer a soft mattress , but I found it uncomfortable to a point that I decided to return it . My wife , who is a lot lighter than me , did n't like it either . I plan to buy a competing knock-off from a local vendor that I have already tried out and which comes a lot closer to the feel of a real Temurpedic mattress . That one will cost ~ $ 500 more , but to me it is worth it in order to be able to sleep in true comfort for the next ten years or more .
 I have not been impressed with this cloth . It stains easily and the stains are hard to get out . I hate sending it to the laundry after each use , and I have tried laundering myself . Does not iron easily . Not a very luxurious cloth .
 I thought this slicer was stainless steel and the writer must have meant that only the wire was stainless steel .
 The beanbag is cheap , not soft , and filled with inferior beads . Totally different than what I expected . Not a good value , even at the low price !
 This set only made it through one washing before it started coming apart . My dog jumped up on the bed & her nails cut thru the sheets . That is a first time that has happened to me - even with sheets with much fewer thread count . I am extremely disappointed in the quality of these sheets - do n't waste your money on them !
 I purchased these sheets after i read all the excellent reviews here . Evidently Amazon must do alot of editing because the experience i had with these sheets was a total opposite . When i first received these sheets i was totally disappointed . They were very thin and rough . I contacted Amazon for a refund . They told me they would send me a return shipping label . After two weeks i didnt hear anything back from them . I needed some sheets bad so i decided to wash them to see if they would soften up . WWRROONNGGG !!!!! They now feal like a newspaper that has been washed then dryed . These sheets are so stiff the wrinkles are actually painful . U can actually hear these sheets crackle . Even the convicts in Americas prison sleep on better linens . I wouldnt take these sheets even if they were FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I 'LL really be surprised if i see this review in print .
 The sheet set was nice , but damaged . There was a long cut line going down into several layers of the folded sheets . It appears the product was damage by a box cutter when it was removed from its original case.The product was retuned and after a follow up phone call , a full refund was received including shipping cost .
 I bought these as a gift . One of the lids came chipped . Attempts to contact the company were never returned . They are very cute just wish i could have recieved a new lid .
 The sheet set was nice , but damaged . There was a long cut line going down into several layers of the folded sheets . It appears the product was damage by a box cutter when it was removed from its original case.The product was retuned and after a follow up phone call , a full refund was received including shipping cost .
 This set only made it through one washing before it started coming apart . My dog jumped up on the bed & her nails cut thru the sheets . That is a first time that has happened to me - even with sheets with much fewer thread count . I am extremely disappointed in the quality of these sheets - do n't waste your money on them !
 I purchased these sheets after i read all the excellent reviews here . Evidently Amazon must do alot of editing because the experience i had with these sheets was a total opposite . When i first received these sheets i was totally disappointed . They were very thin and rough . I contacted Amazon for a refund . They told me they would send me a return shipping label . After two weeks i didnt hear anything back from them . I needed some sheets bad so i decided to wash them to see if they would soften up . WWRROONNGGG !!!!! They now feal like a newspaper that has been washed then dryed . These sheets are so stiff the wrinkles are actually painful . U can actually hear these sheets crackle . Even the convicts in Americas prison sleep on better linens . I wouldnt take these sheets even if they were FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I 'LL really be surprised if i see this review in print .
 The beanbag is cheap , not soft , and filled with inferior beads . Totally different than what I expected . Not a good value , even at the low price !
 It 's lighweight for one of these things , but leaves carpet damp . I was ok with that trade-off , because I used it very little.But shortly after a year of light use one of the internal hoses split . Past the warranty cutoff , so hoover wo n't help . Machine is unusable and repair as expensive as new one.This is an internal hose that gets no wear ; it split because of design flaw or defect . If you get this , do n't expect it to dry your carpet and do n't expect it to last very long .
 This machine does nowhere near the cleaning job of the 5200 series . I think the problem is an engineering issue - with the weight of the water tanks on the back of the machine , over the wheels , instead of over the brushes and suction in front , there 's not enough contact with the carpet to suck out the water , and the brushes are n't effectively engaged . I solved this -LRB- partially -RRB- by tying a brick onto the front . I notice another reviewer pushes down on the front while his wife runs the machine . But my old 5200 , which lasted for years , had much better suction as well as brush action . So only buy the Agility if you ca n't handle the slightly heavier weight of the 5200 machines , because it does a very poor cleaning job and leaves the carpet very wet , which , with time , might be damaging to the carper .
 I purchased this machine a a little over a year ago , I did n't use it very long before the hose that carries the water to the tank tore in half . I ordered a new hose back in August 2007 , and still have n't received anything , customer service has not been helpful at all . Just one frustration after another . Save yourself a big headache and do n't even deal with Hoover !
 This cleaner does not pick up any water . I had a Bissel that was wonderful but for a cheaper price I picked this one up . Now I am disappointed I wondered if I was doing something wrong but after reading the reviews saw other people had the same problem . I expected more from a Hoover .
 Not anything like I hoped . Unfortunatly , it was purchased just a little over 1 yr ago , so ca n't return/exchange it . It was n't used at all until last month , 1st time I actually had to use it since purchase , & i 'm VERY disappointed . The water comes out ice cold , not steam vac as stated even on product . No matter what I do , even putting hot water in from microwave , water is still ice cold . Dose n't do well cleaning just simple stains , & even after going over carpets 2 to 3x , it just dose n't do well at sucking up most water , took forver to dry.Wish I would 've used it right away so I would 've known its not worth even $ 50 , & I payed over $ 100 cuz now I 'm stuck with a worthless machine .
 I bought this product on Amazon a little over a year ago . At first I was thrilled with its lightweight easy function . However , it leaves the carpets really wet -LRB- I just compensated by putting a ten pound weight on top for deeper suction . I think because it is so light it really does n't do a great job of cleaning and the brushes are a pain to clean . The plastic tabs on the containers will absolutely eventually break off ... I am missing two of four . Now the liquid dispenser wo n't work and it is not a fixable item . I kept it in its own closet and only used it about once a month . I am really disappointed with this plastic hunk of junk !
 Oh , we so wanted to like this machine . And we did for a while . We liked the relatively lighter weight and the compact design featuring the handle assembly that folded . And it cleaned reasonably well . But every use became a non-trivial event , especially with needing to allow time for the carpet to properly dry afterwards . And you have to frequently un-snap , and re-snap components to keep it properly clean/clog-free - you can not neglect cleaning it after every use . And as some other reviewers have noted , those parts can break if you are not especially careful . In other words , you may be asking your housemate -LRB- s -RRB- for assistance with the up-keep of this unit , making sure that everything is properly aligned and snapped back together . But even stuff that is n't regularly snapped/un-snapped is brittle . In our case , the solitary shaft that is responsible to rotating the five brushes is made of not particularly strong plastic that eventually got torque 'd off the brush assembly . The local vacuum supply store wanted $ 40 for a replacement . So , ultimately , we 've become pretty disappointed in this unit , getting little more than a year 's effective use out of it - the motor now seems to be wearing down , without nearly the power it used to have .
 Do not buy this particular brand Hoover model F6207-900 . It is one of the worst products I 've used . It is not user friendly and does n't pick up the water after dispensing it . I rather wash buy hand . However , the Hoover Silver model 5915 , is one of the best products I have purchased . This is my second one of this kind . The first one lasted me about 17 years . This model is the same one I had before , but a step up with the power surge and heated cleaning . Not only does it do great in picking up the water , but I use it on my bare floors and cleans just as well . I can now wash my kitchen floor in 1/3 the time it use to take me . And , it is a reasonable price .
 We have had this Hoover just over two years now in our 2 kid , 3 lab , 2 cat household -LRB- read
 As the other 1-2 star reviewers who have owned this machine for more than a few months have stated , THE INTERNAL HOSE WILL BREAK ON YOU . We owned this for almost 18 months , and the hose snapped . It is n't worth it to replace it , so we need to buy a new machine . The first few months I used this machine , it was incredible ! Fluffy clean carpets , great suction , looked professional . BUT IT WO N'T LAST !! I 've said it before , and I 'll say it again . Pay no mind to reviewers who use this a few times and get excited and write great reviews . I previously owned the other Hoover Clean Surge steam vac , and that one seemed more sturdy , lasted longer , and sucked up more water , leaving the carpet dryer . Of course , all these machines will crap out on you after about 3 years of regular use , but I was really disappointed that we did n't get 2 years from this one .
 Hoover is the brand a local appliance repair shop recommended and this one was a great price . Unfortunately , sometimes you get what you pay for ! This model has , in my opinion , a design flaw . If the return compartment is not completely closed , the water will not be sucked from the carpet . I took it on and off several times , before and after talking to a Hoover rep , and it still did not function after the first run . I did like the brushes that clean in all directions rather than a brush similar to a vacuum and I will definately be investing in a better model and do the job myself rather than hiring companies . You have control over how much water and soap go into your carpet .
 Hi ! We purchased the Hoover Agility about 2 years ago . It is now not usuable . We are shooping for a Bissel.Pros
 This is OK for middle school , I guess , but the Forms of Government Poster Set from Teacher 's Discovery is a LOT nicer ... and better for High School kids .
 The sheet set was nice , but damaged . There was a long cut line going down into several layers of the folded sheets . It appears the product was damage by a box cutter when it was removed from its original case.The product was retuned and after a follow up phone call , a full refund was received including shipping cost .
 This set only made it through one washing before it started coming apart . My dog jumped up on the bed & her nails cut thru the sheets . That is a first time that has happened to me - even with sheets with much fewer thread count . I am extremely disappointed in the quality of these sheets - do n't waste your money on them !
 I purchased these sheets after i read all the excellent reviews here . Evidently Amazon must do alot of editing because the experience i had with these sheets was a total opposite . When i first received these sheets i was totally disappointed . They were very thin and rough . I contacted Amazon for a refund . They told me they would send me a return shipping label . After two weeks i didnt hear anything back from them . I needed some sheets bad so i decided to wash them to see if they would soften up . WWRROONNGGG !!!!! They now feal like a newspaper that has been washed then dryed . These sheets are so stiff the wrinkles are actually painful . U can actually hear these sheets crackle . Even the convicts in Americas prison sleep on better linens . I wouldnt take these sheets even if they were FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I 'LL really be surprised if i see this review in print .
 The beanbag is cheap , not soft , and filled with inferior beads . Totally different than what I expected . Not a good value , even at the low price !
 I was so disappointed with this ! The foam is hard and does n't give at all ! The zipper is broken and we just opened it-didn ' t even use the zipper yet ! Save your money ! DON `` T BUY !!!!
 The sheet set was nice , but damaged . There was a long cut line going down into several layers of the folded sheets . It appears the product was damage by a box cutter when it was removed from its original case.The product was retuned and after a follow up phone call , a full refund was received including shipping cost .
 This set only made it through one washing before it started coming apart . My dog jumped up on the bed & her nails cut thru the sheets . That is a first time that has happened to me - even with sheets with much fewer thread count . I am extremely disappointed in the quality of these sheets - do n't waste your money on them !
 I purchased these sheets after i read all the excellent reviews here . Evidently Amazon must do alot of editing because the experience i had with these sheets was a total opposite . When i first received these sheets i was totally disappointed . They were very thin and rough . I contacted Amazon for a refund . They told me they would send me a return shipping label . After two weeks i didnt hear anything back from them . I needed some sheets bad so i decided to wash them to see if they would soften up . WWRROONNGGG !!!!! They now feal like a newspaper that has been washed then dryed . These sheets are so stiff the wrinkles are actually painful . U can actually hear these sheets crackle . Even the convicts in Americas prison sleep on better linens . I wouldnt take these sheets even if they were FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I 'LL really be surprised if i see this review in print .
 This poster is way too expensive . I found the exact poster on a slew of other sites for as low as $ 5.99 . This price is criminal . Keep searching for a cheaper one
 I also managed to break the connection on the back of the chair in less than a month . I weigh in at 120lbs so this is a very poorly designed system . If you intend on purchasing this chair be ready to return it , or purchase another when this breaks after minimal use .
 The plastic back to this chair where the metal back rest brace connects , is too thin to carry normal stress . I leaned back slightly to rest , and the plastic ` popped ' where the brace is attached . After feeling the brace poke in my back through the padding and cloth , I disassembled the unit and discovered the flaw . Note that this chair was only 1 week old ! Caveat Emptor !
 So far the strainer works fine.It does has a lock out feature that can be irritating when I do n't want it `` locked '' but otherwise I have no complaints . Great for the price.Edited to add that I bought two of these strainers and they fell apart with `` normal '' use just a couple months after I bought them.I guess you get what you pay for .
 Stopper portion eventually unseated from basket . I used a hammer and wrench to tap it back in until I find a replacement . Cheaply assembled product .1 / 6/11Used some pliers to make the basket grip the stopper more tightly .
 These are very light weight . They also have trouble sealing and the water drains out of the sink . The stopper falls off the stem as well . Total junk .
 This item is too shallow . The rubber part does not extended far enough down -LRB- toward the tip -RRB- to actually block water from draining from my sink . It is completely worthless to me . Check your sink 's dimensions in this area before ordering !
 iitala offers a porous but glassed ceramic . This material withstands all culinary oven types , and dishwashers . It is supposed to be durable.Well the material is quite durable.Unfortunately , the design of these plates makes the sides very vulnerable to hits.Mine got dented in a few days , during routine use.Too expensive for the poor mechanical resistance . Avoid this model .
 I was expecting a true electric mechanism behing the dial . What I found was the contemporary mechanism that you can get for less than 5 dollars with a chamber for a single cell . They have by-passed it and provided a small step-down power transformer and called this an electric clock . If I had the chance to see the rear view of the clock I would not have bought it . Disappointed .
 Most wall clocks are battery operated and apparently this one was originally . I was totally inappropriate for my needs . I could not use it . There should have been a better indication that there was a plug on it .
 i received clock on time that was the only thing on time i pluged it in i went back to look at the clock it had run about ten nin . and stop you want me to send you $ 8.00 if i send it back forget it
 I am sorry to be so negative , but I have neverbeen so negative about a prduct . I purchased it thinking it would be a good carpet cleaner.I have a Miele vacuum and no way does it compare to the miele . It is aso bulky and complicated . The carpet cleaner is terrible.The suction on the vacuum as well as the carpet cleaner is very poor.All it does is spray the water well.The suction is so poor it does not pick up the dirt and water . Then the hose broke . This broke on the second attempt to use it.At this point it has set here a year and I just want to send it back fr it takes up space .
 Use a knife , it works and it works better than this paper weight.If you did in fact buy this piece of junk , here 's how you can actually make it work like a professional food slicer . -LRB- no , really do n't try this -RRB- First , remove the bladeSecond , attach it to your power mitre saw you have in the garage.Third , watch your fingers when holding the meat.orIf you have to give a gift to someone you do n't like then this is perfect.Otherwise , send it back or take it back !
 I thought I save some money by slicing my own cheese and meat now.Got this for $ 80 after 20 % off coupon , and there would have been a Waring mail in rebate for another $ 20 . I started with cutting some home baked bread and noticed uneven slices . First I thought I am the dummy , and with adjusting my pressure while holding the bread it kinda worked ok.Cut up a ham today ... that thing can not cut straight no matter what . You really notice it with thin slices . Beginning starts out fine , then it tapers off , and it does n't even make it to the end of the maybe 6 inches wide ham
 I was actually satisfied with this slicer until I needed to clean it . When you remove the blade , there is a plastic ring or seal that clings to a metal rim with brittle , plastic `` fingers '' . An intelligent engineer would have seated this ring in a channel rather than have it mounted by flimsy , brittle fingers to a thin semi-circle of metal.Mine broke on the 4th cleaning ; now the blade is extremly difficult to align , and it wobbles if you leave the part off . Waring 's website does not offer this part for sale , and customer service has not yet returned my call.Updated March 24 , 2006
 The FS150 food slicer is fine for very light duty work such as cheese or lunch meats providing you do n't push this unit too hard or use it too frequently . Ours lasted a year and a half of very occasional use before it burned out . The two biggest drawbacks are the sliding rail and the motor/gear train . First the slider is simply a cheap plastic bushing on a metal rod that tends to bind up fairly quickly . We found that a little olive oil wiped on to the rod kept things moving well enough but it needs to be treated every time you use the slicer and then cleaned afterwards . Food grade Teflon or silicone spray did not seem to work as well as the olive oil.The big problem with this unit is the motor/gear train that drives the slicing wheel . The drive gear is plastic and will not tolerate any kind of continuous load and will strip out fairly easily if pushed too hard . We smoked the motor and stripped the gears just slicing up a couple of small roasts and we were not working the unit that hard.It does a decent job for the person that just wants to slice up a small bunch of deli foods for a party or do a weeks worth of cheese for the kids lunches but honestly a good knife will do just as well and not set you back ten minutes for cleaning every time you use it.If you are looking for a slicer to do more serious work you will have to spend the money and get something in the $ 400 + range . What this slicer is good for the deli counter can do for you for free when you buy your bologna .
 Ok , listen . First of all what you people got ta know is the following
 This slicer is built like a toy . The blade is dull and too thick , and spins about as fast as the second hand of a clock . The motor is loud , and the entire unit is difficult to clean.You 're better off with a knife .
 After my first use I realize where there are so many bad reviews . This slicer is not worth any price . Yes , cleaning is obviously crazy after I had it on my counter . Besides that it does n't even cut well because the slicing carriage gets stuck as you are trying to push it along . The carriage is mounted on a tube that acts as the slider mechanism and there is also a small wheel underneath for rolling along . . however it just does n't work smoothly at all so you just get scraps of meat out unless you are fully muscling the thing which probably is n't safe.Oh ya , the motor started smoking after 10 minutes of use . Do n't buy this thing .
 Hard to clean . Guide has play in in it and blade is out of true -LRB- whack -RRB- ! Buy a Chef 's Choice 610 instead !
 After paying over $ 100 for a food slicer , I expected it to last . It broke down after the second use and is irreparable . Like one other person said on here , it just started to smoke , then the engine kept whirring but the blade did n't move . I wish I could have found the paperwork to return it because the gear is completely stripped out and they do n't offer that part as a replacement , so I just wasted $ 100 on something that will simply go to the scrapyard . It 's also very difficult to clean . I was extremely disappointed in this slicer and would not be able to recommend it to anyone .
 This unit will slice water-laden vegetables such as apples , tomatoes -- and anything else that a professional would slice effortlessly with a mandolin -- all day long . However , do n't buy it in the expectation that it will slice meat or any root vegetable adequately . It wo n't . Trying to slice cured pork loin this evening my husband exploded with laughter as the loin embedded itself more or less in the center of the cutting wheel and rotated there erratically like a piece of clay waiting to be turned into a pot . It did this after every slice after about the fifth , no matter how much pressure I put on the slider . It was hopeless.My advice ? Buy an OXO mandolin for about $ 28 for all VEGGIE needs . Spend more than $ 350 on a slicer if you really want to slice meats often enough to make your investment worthwhile.No pun intended , but this device wo n't cut it . This is like trying to slice your sunday roast on an old mono record player using the Rolling Stones ' Greatest Hits album playing at 33rpm . Like Mick , you wo n't get no satisfaction . Trust me . The people in here giving this product five stars are surely being paid to do so ; check the balance of opinions overall . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Giving 1 star to this food slicer is actually quite generous and only happened because Amazon does n't have a 0 rating.This food slicer is basically worthless for any use , for hygienic reasons
 This product , as others have indicated , is very difficult to clean . I can not recommend it . : -LRB-
 I only owned this for a day and returned it . I had a wonderful beef roast to slice for sandwiches . I ca n't say it did n't work , but you have to be patient . The motor does n't plow through the work . You have to go slow to maintain the blades spinning speed . Cleaning required another 15 minutes and I was n't satisfied it was clean enough to put in my cabinet . I am pretty good at maintaining and using a quality knife . While slicing up a whole roast is work , this does n't make it any easier . Compared to my slicing by hand , it does provide more uniformity in the slices , but actually takes twice as long or worse with cleaning time .
 We have had this slicer for a couple years and used it about 10-15 times . I have replaced the inner plastic seal behind the blade housing twice and will not replace it again . It 's very difficult to clean thoroughly . I would not recommend this appliance and we will look at another manufacturer for a replacement .
 Thoroughly disappointed in this slicer and it 's so-called `` professional quality '' . This is one of the most sorry excuses for an appliance I 've ever seen . It 's been used only once and is going back tomorrow . The drive gear that turns the blade is plastic and the plastic gear grinds and skips under even the slightest of loads . I 've checked more than once to make sure the blade is attached property but this lame excuse for a food slicer wo n't even slice a one pound block of jack cheese ! A harder cheese such as cheddar would be the death of this machine . It 's also not user friendly for cleaning . The blade is removable , but that 's all . The tray that slides back and forth and holds the food wo n't even detach for cleaning . Terrible product and terrible quality . Do not waste your money on this one .
 This product broke after the second time I used it -LRB- the rotary plastic piece inside -RRB- . I returned it and got a new one , and after the fifth time I used it -LRB- the warranty expired -RRB- then another plastic piece inside cracked . I ordered the part and have been waiting 6 months . They tell me it 's back ordered . What a piece of junk . If you want a deli slicer that works then buy the more expensive ones at the restaurant supply . The Waring has plastic pieces that break and crack .
 The slicer has a thin piece of plastic that holds the slicing wheel in place . That piece of plastic has yet tinier pieces of plastic that broke off , rendering the whole machine unusable . There is no order or part number to get the piece replaced . I plan to return the whole machine to the store where I purchased it .
 This unit is poorly designed : I 've owned this unit for about 2 years and have hated since I purchased it . I have probably used it 8 times in two years . Now it has failed and I am looking forward to finally driving it over with my truck.Here 's my gripes :1 -RRB- Impossible to clean . The food gets into the motor area . The tray does not come off of the unit making it difficult to clean because the item can not be cleaned with water because the motor is located at the base of the tray . The poor design allows juices and pieces of whatever you are slicing to get in the nooks and crannies of every part of this unit . It is such a pain to clean that it make using it painful enough where it just sits in the cabinet .2 -RRB- If you read the instructions it says the unit can only be used for several minutes at a time , then must cool off . Mine finally failed after trying to slice a piece of turkey for lunch meat . The plastic motor gear stripped and burnt up . After some research I found this to be a common problem with the unit .3 -RRB- The thickness adjustment is terrible . As you apply pressure to the surfaces it wil flex causing wedge shaped food .4 -RRB- The slide binds easily . It is a plastic slide on a metal rod . I found putting some vegitable oil helps but does not eliminate the problem .
 They discontinued the `` Blade Gasket '' part that was on early models . It is common that they break then it is useless . I will never own another product made by Waring Pro .
 After six uses , this unit broke . I smelled motor smoke the next to last time I used it , then the internal linkage broke and the motor just ran very fast . The unit did slice fairly well but the user required some strength to use the device . Also the suction cups did not hold the unit still on my counter top . Do not buy this !
 This thing slices well , then comes the impractical task of trying to clean it . The tray does not detatch from the base , which can not be put in water because it containes the motor . Pieces of food work their way into the motor area . After removing the blade -LRB- using tools -RRB- you must remove a plastic cover with 3 screws and dig out the pieces of food . I could not believe how bad a design it was from a cleaning standpoint . The tray that slides back and forth with the food has a stainless top that is literally two-faced taped onto the plastic base . This was very poor from a quality standpoint , and came off in my hand the first and only time used . The plastic base for this tray has about fifty little half inch square honey-comb sort of areas that grease from meat or juices from food WILL get down into . This thing is a nightmare to adequately clean and not worth the trouble . It went back to the store immediately , and it was not all the way clean because after about thirty minutes I gave up . I 'm looking for another brand now .
 Bought this last week ; returned it today . Took blade off after using it once to clean it , per the instructions -LRB- use quarter on slot -RRB- and follow markings on the unit itself -LRB- open with arrow and close in opposing direction -RRB- . When I put the blade back on , it failed to align properly and provided an uneven cut -LRB- and smelled too strong of burn in also -RRB- . Called Waring customer service , and they indicated that instruction manual was wrong , and that new instructions were n't always out there yet . Should have removed three Phillip screws to remove blade ! Do n't use slot . Waring expects home users to remove three screws every time to clean it ! And says put nothing , not even the blade , in the dishwasher . How are you supposed to clean it thoroughly ? By hand ? Waring needs a new design team . This is among the most poorly thought thru in a long time .
 The machine sliced a roast beef pretty well . However , clean-up was impossible . There was no way to remove the meat & juices that fell inside the machine .
 February 11 , 2007This is an update after over a year of use.I am raising my rating to at least 4 stars after about 14 months of experience.I wrote below that the unit was beginning to give trouble and was difficult to clean . See the earlier review , below , following this update.Eventually , after about six months of use , the burning smell coming from the motor grew worse , so I stopped using the unit.I contacted Waring service by phone after looking up them up on the Internet and told them of the problem.They gave me a return authorization code . I still had the original packing -LRB- Yeah , I save things like that just in case -RRB- , so it was no problem to pack up the unit and return it to the Service Center . I marked a spot on the bottom so I could recognize my unit , if returned.I had not attempted to open or repair the Waring Pro , by the way . You would need a very special screwdiver in any case to remove the lower case screws.In about two weeks , I received , what appeared to be a brand new unit , which has worked flawlessly since.I no longer wash the unit but have learned that a good cleaning can be done with a spray bottle and a rag or paper towel -LRB- be sure to have the blade gap completely closed ! -RRB- Every now and again , I will remove the blade and find that very little cleaning is needed inside the housing behind the blade.After a good deal of experience , too much is made of ease of cleaning , including what I originally wrote below.No slicer is easy to clean as compared to a knife . And surprisingly , after a lot of use , very little , if any , material tends to get behind the blade . Most all the mess is confined to the outer wipeable parts.In the meantime , I purchased from eBay a professional model food slicer , a Globe GC 9 for considerably more $ $ $ than this unit , and now I have two slicers readily available on the kitchen counter.To tell the truth for many jobs I prefer the smaller Waring on a side by side basis and will use it first most times!Generally , I use the Waring Pro slicer every day . The other slicer is n't any easier to clean , and though a more powerful and rugged slicer , for most tasks , the Waring Pro is as good or better -LRB- on cheese for instance -RRB- And I have nothing but good things to say about Warings prompt factory service and product support.This is the original report from earlier in 2006 . I have had this model since Chistmas 2006 and have used it almost daily . It works fine , but does require some attention to use it properly.As so many others have written , cleaning it after each use is a big chore . The unit is poorly designed in this respect.VERY IMPORTANT ! WHEN HANDLING OR CLEANING , THE THICKNESS CONTOL MUST BE IN THE FULLY CLOSED POSITION ! DO NOT LET CHILDREN OR A GUEST USE THIS MACHINE -- EVER!But once you get the hang of it , you can do an adequate job by closing the thickness control to zero and wiping the front side of the blade with a wet towel or a wet towel with a bit of soap.With care the back side of the blade can also be cleaned in the same manner but turning on the motor for a moment to revolve the blade while pressing the cleaning towel from the reat on the closed thickness control.Yes , I know that this is not the safest thing to do , and hence the criticism of a poor design . One must also remember to wipe the back of the bell housing for the blade as meat/food slices often touch this part as they are being sliced.I have unplugged the device and tilted it in a sink with the blade facing away and then carefully sprayed parts of the blade and housing after soaping them with a paper towel to remove food or food particles.This was necessary after cutting potatoes for homemade potato chips -LRB- delicious -RRB- . You must be careful in rinsing this way as some water will invariably drain into the machine . So do not drench the machine with an indescrimanent spray all over . Low water pressure and a carefully directed spray is the only way.Any water that gets inside can be removed by tilting the machine both directions a number of times . You then need to let the unit dry for several hours before pluging it in again.This is not the safest action for an electric device , but there does not seem to be another way at times to clean it otherwise . I do not recommend that others do this.I have removed the blade and inspected the parts behind the blade twice . There does not seem to be much in the way of food debris collected there so a careful wipe on the lower parts of the unit was sufficient . The gear grease was not disturbed , but the plastic seal part that rides next to the blade to stabilise it and is held in place by the friction of projections is definitely flimsy , but is easily replaced back on the unit if you disturb it . I understand that a new part is unavailable if damaged.The carriage slide rail bushing will start to stick and the unit will be come difficult to use after a while . As recommended by others , a small drop or two of vegetable oil seems to do the trick . While olive oil has been recommended for this , a more fully saturated vegetable oil or PAM would be a better choice , since over time unsaturated oils such as olive oil become oxidized and sticky.A major problem with this unit is that there is no way to sharpen the blade ! Waring is silent on this in the manual . Replacement blades may be available on Amazon.Chef Choice machines are better in this regard as they offer a blade sharpener and several styles of replacement blades.But in any case , all of these machines are going to be far more difficult to clean and to keep sharp than a good chef 's knife . But then unless you are expert and keep your chef 's knife super sharp and have an excellent technique these slicers can out cut the best amateur on most meats and cheese in bulk any day of the week and far more consistently , and uniformily in terms of thickness .
 I have just finished slicing a turkey breast . What a mess . The breast was smoked , deboned then chilled so it should have been easy to slice right ? Not so much ! A 14 pound turkey has a good but small breast on each side , 10 inches by four inches and a couple of inches thick at the thickest . So slicing with the grain of the meat should be fine right ? Not so much!First the blade is thick and serrated so when I could figure a way to get a complete and thin slice there was as much turkey hash building up under the carriage as there was in the slice.The thing is loud and the blade moves slowly , about as fast as a record player . The thick serrated blade chews through soft meat and cheese as much as it slices it , which causes the cleanup problem . This was a brand new slicer so the blade was tight on the shaft , but so tight that the left hand thread screw in the center got damaged by a silver dollar . The screw slot was damaged by a coin , the recommended method or removing the blade.Cleaning it took a half an hour with a bleach and detergent soaked rag because there is no way to sanatize this beast!I am planning on taking this thing back because I really think that 130 watts is not enough power , the gears in this thing are plastic so they will break if a piece of bone should happen to get caught between the blade and guard , the finish on it is ugly and the easily adjustable blade guard is a collector for food and at some point I can invision it becoming a disease vector.My review , keep looking as I am planning on doing because this thing is n't worth the time nor money .
 This item is pretty much worthless . There were plenty of negative reviews , but I figured I could make it work and bought it anyway . My mistake . Save your money and do n't buy it . Here are the problems : It is really loud . This alone would not warrant a bad review if everything else was fine , but it 's a ding.The blade does n't `` spin . '' It moves around in a start-stop movement , meaning that it ca n't really cut well.The blade is serrated . This makes thin , clean cuts of meat difficult.The blade is too thick . Again , impossible to make fine cuts of meatThe carriage/gate is way to small to cut anything meaningful . I tried to cut a briskett on it across the grain -LRB- the smalles cross section of a briskett -RRB- and it would n't fit.Nearly impossible to clean . You have to take the blade off to clean it , which would be fine except that it has the gears on it , and you run the risk of washing away the required grease . It 's also really difficult to take off . Most of the rest of it , the carriage/gate mechanism and blade guard , can not be separated from the motor , so you can not submerge it . You even have to be careful using a sponge or running water.When some one buys a slicer , it 's to slice cooked roasts of meat . With this item , it is not possible . With all this , about the only thing it is good for is thickly slicing bread , and maybe small roasts . Even still , with the clean up effort , do n't bother . Buy yourself a decent serrated bread knife , a carving fork , and a mandolin , and you 'll be much happier , with better results and faster cleanup than you could ever get from this item . The only reason I still have it is because I lost the receipt . I wish I could do something with this besides take up space , but it is absolutely worthless.I recently looked at buying a meat grinder and briefly considered the Waring-Pro dedicated product . I read a few bad reviews , and after having bought this item , I decided to stay away . I will likely never buy another Waring product again .
 I bought this unit somewhere else . It lasted through 6 uses , with a burning smell . The gears stripped , and I threw it away . I just purchased the Chefs Choice 610 from Amazon , and Im very pleased . It did a great job , did n't smell and it was easy to clean up . It 's a very nice unit for the price .
 It is OK to cut the bread . It is very difficult to cut the frozen meat . It is not so easy to clean it .
 I have never reviewed a product before , but I feel so disappointed I felt I had to share . If Waring had any sense of honesty about this product they would drop the `` Pro '' and `` Professional Quality '' from its packaging . They should n't charge anymore than $ 50 and refer to it as `` light duty '' . It is flimsy and does not cut evenly . The food guide `` bends '' too easily with the slightest amount of pressure resulting a thick to thin slice . The blade moves SLOW and it 's not as sharp as they lead you to believe . Luckily , I purchased this locally and was able to return it . The saying `` they just do n't make things the way they used to '' describes my experience perfectly . What a piece of junk .
 Basically , there is nothing `` PRO '' about this slicer ... 1 . Continually breaks down when trying to slice meats -LRB- the gear inside breaks or strips ... . requiring replacement -RRB- .2 . Many critical parts are made of plastic , including gears , that break when under a load , of something like meat .3 . Will not slice anything larger than 1/2 '' ... . for instance a boneless prime rib .4 . No way of sharpening the blade , other than to take it to a professional sharpener , or replace the blade -LRB- at over $ 40 including shipping -RRB- .5 . Flimsy construction ... . Everything wabbles when under a load .6 . Mine is broken `` AGAIN '' right now ... and need to go online to order parts ... . and pay outrageous prices for spare parts ... that if they were made right in the first place -LRB- out of metal -RRB- , they would n't break .7 . When you have a small piece -LRB- or end -RRB- of cheese or onion or whatever , it 's nearly impossible to hold it securely enough with the polycarbonate food holder -LRB- included with the slicer -RRB- to ever get it sliced properly .8 . Would take it back and get a refund if I were n't over my 30 days of ownership . -LRB- guess I could sell it at a garage sale for $ 7.00 ... . and lose the other $ 100 that I paid for it ! -RRB- ... . And never buy a Waring product again .9 . Do I need more reasons ???
 I replaced my cheap $ 20.00 electric slicer with this one , and I am sorry that I did . The cheap plastic electric one sliced better than this one , and clean up was a snap , unfortunaly the gears wore out . This one `` tears '' the meat and I can not get a thin uniform deli slice on lunchmeat . It is ok on a roast except that you can not clean the machine completely . The slide bar hangs up because food gets stuck in the slide wheel , bad bad design . I would not recommend this to anyone ... keep looking .
 This thing -LRB- purchased at Costco for $ 49.00 today -RRB- like the first reveiwer did , is going back tomorrow . This is an unadulterated design disaster . I wonder if this company is a subsidiary of one of our fine Automobile companies . It does cut . You can now take the blade off without unscrewing three screws - but still ca n't put the razor sharp disk in the diswasher - so , slick with soap and grease , you have to hold onto this thing and wash this razor sharp disk by hand . Further , besides the blade , the only other piece that will come off for cleaning this thing is the plastic device that holds the meat or whatever . The sliding tray that the meat sits on , the device that moves in and out to adjust the thickness of the cut does not come off - so you have the very unweildy and large device that you have to thoroughly clean of meat , cheese , lettuce whatever your slicing so the next time you do n't spread slamonella all over the place . AND there are all kinds of nooks and crannies you have to be able to get to to properly clean it . AND you are n't supposed to get it wet so the motor gets damaged . And to think the CEO of this company probably got a couple of million bucks as a year end bonus for his/her masterful stewardship of this company that would turn out such a total piece of junk . You waste your money and time with this product . And Amazon asks to keep this critique to 75 to 300 words but provide no work/letter counter to do that with . Where do they hire these people .
 when purchased the package gives a size of 30 `` x40 '' after following the manufactures washing instructions to the letterthey shrank big time ending up 26.5 '' x 36 ''
 These shelves are awful.I purchased them from that horrible Chinese supply store known as Wal-Mart and did n't expect much , but I did figure `` It 's a shelf , how hard could it be ? '' Apparently , I was too optimistic.The shelves come with nails , not screws , even though they come with drywall anchors . Nails for drywall anchors ? Really ? Nails to hold up shelves ? What genius thought of that !? The enclosed nails are are too small for the holes in the shelve arms . The nail goes right through the hole and does n't hold anything ! What 's the point ? Who designed this ? A farsighted dyslexic !? The plastic anchors stick out far beyond the nail , requiring you to hit the plastic -LRB- or create a chisel type device -RRB- . I have installed many , many shelves without incident . These shelves look like they were installed by a 5-year-old . Great job Closetmaid ! Keep up the wonderful Chinese craftmanship !
 I received my shipment today , and just like the other reviewer said ... no decent shipment packaging . I could hear pieces rattling in the box before I even opened it . After I opened the box I could see that at least one plate was broken . Called for a return shipment label . I will try to find something that will come unbroken for my fondue party next month.Trudeau Round 10 Inch Fondue Plates , Set of 4
 Buyer Beware - I paid $ 36 for expedited shipping for a dinner party this coming sunday for mother 's day and I ordered 3 boxes of 4 plates and each box had one plate broken . The box they were packed in only had packing material for two of the four sides and none for the top and bottom . The plate boxes only have cardboard for in between each plate and nothing for the top , bottom and sides . I guess I should consider myself lucky that I got some that were not broken . So disappointed as the plates themselves are great .
 I was pretty disappointed with my plates arrived with a price sticker from a local department store on them . I guess I should have shopped around more since the price sticker on the plates was way less then I paid ! Poor form , Amazon .
 I was so excited about this knife because it looked like it would serve as an all-purpose knife , and the fact that it was pink really helped . I usually love the KitchenAid branded items so it was promising . The knife was pretty dull . I had to ` saw ' a lot with it . It rusted quite a bit within the first two weeks that I had to end up throwing it out which was very sad . Definitely not worth purchasing .
 First of all , I want to say that the seller , Buy-it-now-store , could n't have been better . I would buy from them again in a heartbeat.However , it turned out that Hamilton Beach 's replacement jar does not fit all of their blenders . The lid for our Hamilton Beach 2001 is too large for this jar
 I bought this to replace a broken HB blender jar . This product stated that it 's compactable with the model I have . It was shipped to me on time . However , it does n't fit on the base without leaking when I tested it with water . I wanted to return but found that it would cost me more than the Jar price to ship back . I contacted the seller hoping that they can provide a shipping label because otherwise this jar will be a brand new waste going to recycle . But seller refused to provide return shipping ... It 's just not a pleasant shopping experience .
 The hardware -LRB- collar , O-ring and blade -RRB- and lid from my Hamilton Beach blender did n't quite fit the jar ; it was very easy to cross-thread the collar , causing leaks , and it usually leaked anyway when pouring from the jar.I unwisely handled the thing by the collar the other day , and the jar popped off and broke . I 'm just going to buy a new blender now .
 While the quality of the printing is good overall , the actual mummy arrives in two pieces -LRB- or we got a defective one -RRB- . The picture is very misleading . It is also folded flat , so even when you do a perfect job of taping/posting the two pieces together , there are seams evident , so you 'll never get the look shown in the picture . Why not send it rolled ? Or , at least give an honest idea of what to expect . Disappointing experience overall . The product was sold by The Education Station Inc. . They did not add anything positive to the experience , requiring an e-mail to give an accurate estimate of the arrival date .
 I have EC130 and this tip is bigger than original . While it screws OK -LRB- with some effort -RRB- the plastic sleeve that covers the frothing tip will not fit .
 The customer service phone numbers for Ultrex are out of service . It appears they have gone South ! HSN who sold this stuff is of no assistance whatsoever . They boasted a lifetime warantee then a 55 year warantee -- all worthless .
 I found this product seemed cheap . It runs out of steam only a few hours into the night . No matter how much or little water you put in the tank , it putters out before the night is over ! It is large and takes up a lot of space , although the water tank is large , it does n't seem to matter . By 2 am everynight it is making a gurgling hissing noise and eventually just stops . I am not happy with this product at all and plan to take it back .
 We were encouraged by our doctor to get a humidifier for our son because of his congestion and cough . We purchased this one because of value and tank size . It does not run for more than 5-6 hours before making disturbing girgling noises . Also , I usually turned it on when we put my son to bed and after 1-2 hours we would go in his room and everything would be damp including the furniture . It takes up so much room and makes very little steam . I would not recommend this item but tell you to put some more money with it and take it back for a more pricey model .
 Very dissapointed . Impossible to get all the water out for proper cleaning . Using the vicks liquid is a mess , and after running for awhile , the vapor goes from smelling like vicks to smelling like smoke . Never really gets going , even after adding the reccommended salt . Big and bulky taking up too much room . If possible , find another alternative , like I am doing now .
 I am very dissappointed with this product . It never seemed to get a good vapor going -LRB- despite following the salt instructions -RRB- . It 's difficult to get all the water out for cleaning . The vapor medicine is an oily mess . You do n't need this kind of added frustration when dealing with small children !
 While it has a large holding capacity , this vaporizer does not have an on or off switch and you have to pull the plug to turn it off ... also , it stopped working after only 5 weeks ... of course , just beyond the point of being able to return it .
 I registered for this product even after reading the bad reviews , because I figured that if some people liked it , then it coudl n't be all bad . I made a huge mistake.Everything that the bad reviews say it true . This vaporizer is a piece of junk . It is loud and clunky . It gets dangerously hot . The water burns off very quickly , then it just makes a horrible noise.Not to mention that it has no way to adjust the amount of steam it produces . The first time I turned it on , steam immediatly came pouring out . Within two minutes , everything in my daughters room was soaking wet , including her baby moniter and lamp , causing a fire hazard!If you are going to buy a vaporizer/humidifier , cough up the extra $ 15 - $ 20 and get a good one . This one has been used once in my house and is already headed for the trash !
 We bought this vaporizer to help with a certain person ` ssnoring , but the unit itself generates way more gurglingnoises than the noxious snorer . This unit would undoubtedlyperform well in environments where its gurgling and burblingwould be drowned out by background noise , but it 's notworked out for us in an otherwise quiet bedroom .
 This product will not run for more than 2 hours before making horrible gurgling and sputtering noises . I have to take it apart -LRB- with a hex wrench -RRB- twice a week to scrape off the electrodes just so I can get another few hours of quiet use out of it . The water does not come out easily for cleaning . Puts way to much moisture in the air at a time . Using good old fashion Vicks vapor rub in this is a mess , and with the liquid Vicks that goes into it , it 's to costly . Avoid this product at all costs . My wife and I are shopping for a new vaporizer now . It 's ashame that the vicks name no longer means quality .
 i had always used a typical vaporizer with my children , especially when they would get stuffy noses or colds . i was always under the impression that this was the best way to help with that congestion . until , with my second child , his ped . told me not to use these . she explained how the added steam and warmth to the air will actually make congestion worse . i was skeptical but i tried it , and switched to a cool mist unit . WHAT A DIFFERENCE ! the cool mist gives the added moisture needed without adding the warmth to the air that can cause for greater congestion . i mean really , think about it . in the warm of summer when the humidity is high , it is harder to breathe , right ?
 I 'm giving up on this product -- that 's why I 'm on Amazon at the crack of dawn!I 'll repeat what a lot of the negative reviews said : -- after two hours , enough water has burned off that it start making disturbing and loud sputtering and gurgling sounds -- needs to have water added to it around three times a night -- the vapor oil receptacle burns off about half of the oil but leaves the rest , resulting in a greasy mess -- the steam vent is disturbingly hot and is absolutely NOT safe for toddlers that have the remotest chance of touching it -- finally , the product feels cheap and shoddy -- I wish I had invested the $ 20 in a better product to begin withI feel cheated . The Vicks company needs to take a long hard look at this product . Seriously , if they think this is good enough to put out on the market , I do n't want to try any more of their products.Other than that , I 'm in love with it ! -- Steve , dad of an eight-month-old in Virginia
 Our Dr. has recommended a cool humidifier as opposed to this warm air machine . The top of this humidifier gets VERY HOT and my little girl put her hand on it yesterday and got a 2nd degree burn . She screamed for an hour and her poor little hand is blistered . This humidifier is designed to sit on the floor of a room and it has a light on top of it so it is attractive to little ones -- watch out ! Shame on vicks for selling a product designed to be in the nursery that is this dangerous . It seems like a protective cover could have been added . Our Dr. said that a cool mist humidifier would provide the same benefits as this warm air one but there 's no risk of your child getting burned . DO NOT BUY a warm air humidifier !
 I bought this for my two year old with a cold . I bought and put the vicks liquid into it and hardly no steam came out . Also , I could n't even smell the vicks stronger enough for her to breath it in , so she breath better . I figure for the price it would of been good , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 We own the one just like this without the night light - I sent my 2 year old to her room . I had only been using it at night when she was in her crib - but since she was stuffy I started it early and forgot about it . I sent her to her room and she screamed ... She had 2nd degree burns on her hand and we ended up in ER . I do n't want anyone to go thru what we did ... BUY A COOL AIR HUMIDIFER - Mine is going out in the trash & will be replaced with cool air . I could just imagine her spilling the water and being burned even worse .
 I bought this the first time my son had a cold . It does n't work . The vaporizor is buy Vicks but uses Kaz inhalent , go figure . Even after buying the Kaz inhalent the thing barely puts of any steam and forget about smelling the inhalent .
 I was disappointed by these mugs . Yes , it is listed as a 10-ounce mug , but they are very petite given the price being charged for them . It really is n't much bigger than a tea cup . I 'd rate these higher at half the cost or less .
 Quality of this poster was not exactly what I expected , the poster is a little blurry . However , the person who received this as a gift loved the poster .
 The unit is heavy and made of high-grade glossy plastic . Switches and dials are substantial and confident . The display has a hi-lo brightness setting , keeping the room dim at night.Sound is fine and clear , not tinny at all . Plenty of timbre . Dual alarms are very handy , and the nap function is a godsend.However , the CD player mechanism is OLD . Almost ten years ago I bought Sony 's top-of-the-line Discman for my car . Remember those first - and second-gen players ? Whirry and noisy , you could hear the high-pitched operation of the laser , like a robot 's whisper ? The motor in my Discman would buzz while it spun up , and make little oscillating whirrs while it located the track . In less than a year , it broke.I suspect the same mechanism resides in this clock radio . The laser unit and innards look almost identical to what I remember . And when it spins up a CD , the newspapers might as well report it a day ahead , because it takes about seven seconds of noisy operation
 The four colors pictured are not what we recieved . Disappointed with this facet . One of the plates had a chip off the edge . Again not too satisified . Shipping seemed to take forever , but who can fault our wonderful postal service or UPS . They are never to blame .
 I got this out of a simple desire to be woken up by my favourite songs . Straight away it failed to run a single MP3 off my burnt CDs . In the year since , I 've had an alarm button literally break and can not get normal CD track to run in order . It functions now as a regular radio for me . For my relatively modest needs , this Dream Machine was an expensive hassle . Dang !
 This worked great up until a little less than a year after purchase , then the CD player started going haywire . It still plays CD 's , yet when I set the alarm to play a song on the CD , it will spin and spin , but not play . Tried to get it replaced under warranty so I called Sony helpline and they talked me through it until it eventually worked on one song on a different CD , of course when I hung up , it stopped working again . Not worth the $ 50 I spent .
 not impressed , I just packed this up to ship back to sony.If I paid less for it , I would 've just pitched it in the trash and avoided a sony next time . I had to deal with a voice recognition system for customer service -LRB- how lame is that ? -RRB- I was finally able to get a semi-english speaking person on the other end of the line who made me unplug \ plug-in the unit to see if that would fix it ... -LRB- no , it 's not a windows pc -RRB- cd players have been around for about 20 years now , it seems to me that they should be able to build a fairly reliable one at this point .
 There 's no battery back up and the radio needs to be tuned manually . I wanted the radio to wake me and set it for the radio , but the alarm beeped . I reset it and tried the following morning using the second alarm , and it also only beeped . I want to wake gradually to a radio , not a beeping . I do not recommend this item .
 Really glad this was on super discount . Not the quality that I would have imagined from Oneida . First , the forks all have a different slant - they do not ` spoon ' together . My husband had to use a metal working tool to give them the same pitch , for lack of a better word . Second , the set is n't balanced well , they feel awkward in your hand . I knew this could be a problem with buying without actually holding them first.I have learned my lesson on buying flatware on-line .
 1 . Oneida Demeter 45-Piece Stainless Steel Flatware Set , Service for 82 . For 18/10 stainless flatware , I expected no flaws , but have found several pieces -LRB- after runing through dish washer -RRB- that had what appears to be rust spots .3 . The handle edges of the all the utensils are sharp .4 . The forks and spoons do not nest -LRB- spoon -RRB- together at all .5 . The elder person in the family has a hard time using the utensils do to the design of the handles .
 I ordered this item on august 8 . it supposedly shipped in early september but was never delivered . very limited responses from customer support , and my emails ignored since they ordered a `` free '' replacement order in september . it 's two months since the original order and still no delivery . i could make a set quicker .
 My aunt loves this clocks . Or so it appears . She keeps buying them and buying them and buying them . Every 13 months for the last 6 years . -LRB- Warrantee is for 12 months , so she ca n't request a replacement . -RRB- The first time the time changes , it 's great ! You go to bed in one time slot , wake up in another , and golly , you can comfortably go to work based on the tie it reads . Six months later , it does n't work . Your first thought is it is the battery . You replace it . Wait overnight -LRB- the clock is supposed to reset itself every night -RRB- . Next day - nothing . You say , maybe that was a bad battery . So you go buy a fresh pack , insert one . Next day - nothing.It is now 1 year and 3 days since you bought the clock . The warranty ran out 3 days ago . If you are like me , you look elsewhere for a clock . If you are like my aunt -LRB- who has the world 's most die-hard product loyalty -RRB- , you purchase a new one.We just purchased a new one last week . This one is different . You set the clock to the correct time , not to a time zone . It moves it ahead one hour or back one hour when time changes , but it moves it based on your settings , not on a time zone setting . It does not set the minute hand at all.At least on the old clocks , you could always be sure the minute hand was correct , because it reset every night.If you DO purchase this clock , I highly recommend taping the receipt and guarantee to the back of the clock , so you can find it quickly when you need it next year .
 We received this product and it was missing parts , which delayed us being able to assemble the unit . However we called the company for the parts and they did send them out quickly.The front door has vertical lines , and the paint in the lines is all cracked which makes the appearance look really poor . We wo n't be ordering from this company again . Poor workmanship .
 No matter how nice it is these cabinets are too expensive when the shipping is almost the same price as the cabinet itself ! I wanted to buy a cabinet but since shipping is so expensive I will go to a B&M store instead .
 I have been looking for a buffet and I think I found it . There is only one thing wrong , as I was looking some items have the diminions , but as alway what I want does n't . If it does I could n't fine them . So maybe you could put the diminions out front by the item and people like me can see them to know if they will fit where I want to put it or not . When I find out what they are Im sure that is what I want and been looking for . I gave it a rating of one because I do n't know yet sorryBetty
 This is not the right picture for this item . I have ordered twice because this is the one I wanted and both times I have been sent the wrong one . This style with the bead board door is no longer available . The first one I kept because they issued me a 10 % discount , but the second one I refused shipment on . Come on Amazon please get you adds right !!
 I bought this special anniversary edition from Amazon for $ 30.00 and was extremely happy that I found such a pan for this low price . I have 20 pieces of calphalon and 6 of those are commercial nonstick . This piece was horrible . I never use it for high temp cooking and absolutely never use metal utensils , but within 6 mos it was chipping and pitted . I was not going to pay to ship it back to Calphalon when shipping would be a sizeable percentage of the cost of the pan , but I had to stop using it . All-Clad for me now , thanks .
 We received a 10 Piece Commercial Nonstick set for our wedding in 10/02 , and also bought this 12 '' Commercial Nonstick pan for its size and the fact that it was on sale for $ 25 at a major housewares retailer . While the set is holding up and performing great , the nonstick coating of the 12 '' bargain pan had begun to peel off in January ' 04 . It 's now in the garbage.Even though Calphalon offers replacement under warranty , the consumer pays for shipping both ways which is probably only going to succeed in getting us another faulty pan at additional cost . I like the 10 piece set , but will not be buying any more Calphalon products .
 We have had this pan for 2 years - and was one of our favorites . We used it very carefully , but the nonstick coating is coming off and we are throwing it away . Very disappointed !
 I have used this pan for everything for two years now . ONCE I cook a steak soaked in garlic marinade , and boom , off comes the non-stick in a SQUARE the exact size of the meat!The steak is ruined and so is the pan , which now has a sticky -LRB- dupont -RRB- coating all over it . They claim at Calphalon that garlic would n't have caused it , but I take no chances from now on , and I will be using nothing but stainless wiith garlic marinade.Come on , if it was n't the marinade , what else could it be ?
 I 've been very pleased with Calphalon products in the past , but the non-stick surface on this pan did not hold up very well . Minor scrapes have expanded and cause food to get stuck in the cracks . Also , it 's warped and does not heat evenly on our electric burner . I purchased a 10 inch pan at the same time and it is very good - no issues . Maybe this is just a cheap model .
 THIS PAN HIT THE TRASH WITH A VERY LOUD THUD !!! I did n't use metal utensils or submit it to trips in the dishwasher -LRB- mostly because I do n't own one yet -RRB- and I exclusively utilized Scotch No-Scratch scrubbers , on the spongy side only ! Yet here I am 10 months down the road with a useless pan . It 's as if the coating wore off . It was never overheated . Where did I go wrong ?? In addition , the hard-anodized exterior leaves much to be desired . If you spill something over the side while cooking and you do n't immediately pull the pan off the burner and remove the spilled food item it will become `` cooked on '' before you 're done with whatever food you 're cooking and then becomes a permanent part of the pan -- UNSIGHTLY ! This pan lasted no longer than conventional Silverstone -- my $ 30.00 T-Fal lasted longer than this !! Where did I go wrong ?? I 'll tell you where I went wrong
 I purchased this pan and several others within this `` Commercial '' line and after 5 months , the coating is beginning to peel on all of them . I have used only plastic utensils and hand-washed with care . Still - the coating is coming off . Infact , customer service indicated I can send it in back on my nickel but that it would have to be a clear defect and they would replace it . They were skeptical that it would be replaced . DO NOT BUY THIS PAN OR ANYTHING FROM CALPHALON - TERRIBLE PAN . THAT IS WHY IT IS PROBABLY DISCONTINUED !
 I purchased a Calphalon model 1392 -LRB- look at the bottom of the pan for this info -RRB- . The pan cooks and the food releases like a dream -- the problem is the handle and the flaw is major . It is small in cross section , has a nasty curve downward and is very `` slick '' . The handle stays cool but it makes the pan very difficult -LRB- for this in-shape male -RRB- to handle , to the point of being dangerous . Too bad they ruined an otherwise outstanding product with such a blunder . So much for testing a new design by the people who designed it . I 'm returning it , regretfully . Most of my cookware is Calphalon and I continue to trust the brand -- Ford had an Edsel and I still bought three mustangs.Lou BindnerDenver , CObindlebear@aol.com
 We already own the 10 '' version of this omelette but we figured `` for the price get it '' . The extra 2 '' really makes a difference.Nothing sticks to the finish and it is a breeze to wash -LRB- by hand !! -RRB- . And for the person wanting a lid , buy the 8-1/2 qt.Professional Hard-Anodized saucier that is on . The lid fits perfectly and you get world 's most versatile pot to boot .
 It 's interesting how your story about you getting free shipping contradicts the very policy that Calphalon has written clearly on their site , in the Warranty section.They said very clearly : If you have a warranty claim : If you believe you have a defective product , send the product , freight PRE-PAID , with a letter explaining the defect , to this address : Calphalon Consumer Relations260 Metty Drive , Suite BAnn Arbor , MI 48103Well , sir , do you still doubt they do n't pay shipping ????? Maybe you 're just so sweet that they fell in love with you and took care of you better than their own company 's policy would allow ??
 THIS BRAND IS RUBBISH . WORKED WELL FIRST TWO TIMES 3RD TIME JAMMED , AND NOW IT CONSTANTLY IS DIFFICULT TO TURN AND GRIND EVEN GETS STUCK IM GUESSING REVIEWS ARE FROM SELLERS I FEEL CONNED WITH THIS ITEM BEST TO STICK TO SPACE CASE WHO MAKE THEIRS OUT OF ASINGLE BLOCK OF ALLOY MAKING SURE PRECISION AND SMOOTH TURNING IS THERE SHAME ABOUT THE PRICE :--LRB- . DONT GET THIS GRINDER NO1 IS BETTER !
 I actually got this as a gift off of my registry . it was some what easy to put togeather but as we went to put the doors on they were not even . when i brought this back to the store the manager was ike oh ya someone came in yesterday with that same exact problem . i was not at all refunded for the shipping and refused to get another one seeing it was web only . i got screwed !
 They cancelled my order without notifying me . I had to track down the order and thus found out that the order had been cancelled .
 Purchased product took over a month to get to me after ordering . Then , in order to even get the package , I had to pay the postman almost $ 15 for the postage because it was apparently not paid for previously . However , I had already paid in full when I purchased the item , so this is just a way for them to suck more money out of you apparently . Do not buy from this seller !
 i received a defective product sold by the seller . he or she must have knew it was broken because it was an open item .
 These bowls are beautiful . I love their size and appearance.Unfortunately , they appear to have been fired at a low temperature , which means that they are porous ; consequently , when you wash them , water soaks in under the glaze . I am returning mine .
 It does n't work , waste of space and does ` nt even cool things down .
 This was the poorest quality of furniture we have purchased in a long time . It arrived with the front board cracked - we were so desperate to have a bookcase with these small dimensions , we were wiling to accept this , but then some of the holes were n't drilled correctly so the shelf was not straight . Overall , this was a big disappointment . This was the first time we have ever returned a furniture item .
 It is quite unfortunate but the quality of this product is less than ikea . The hardware was defective and the board quality is paper thin . I am going to try to get a refund because I am so dissatisfied with this product . Two thumbs down !
 I was looking for a 9 '' strainer , I thought it would be 9 '' in diameter and not 9.25 '' from the handle to the end of the strainer . The actual size of the strainer is only about 4 ''
 There was no photo and as you can read it says it is 91/2 inch COARSE -LRB- it 's much finer than that as a regular 3-4 inch strainer is -RRB- -RRB- mesh and that it will fit over a pan or bowl . I only own one small 3/4 c. pan and some custard dishes that it could rest on for me to strain through . To use for small items it seems to be an okay quality , but I already had a 3 and 4 inch strainer and did n't need this one since the strainer itself is not 9 inches wide . I 'll read the shipping size much closer next time .
 I am sure it will last a hundred hours as advertised . But , the flame is very very tiny and it certainly does n't put out much light . Much less than a dinner candle for contrast purposes . This is not really the emergency lighting solution I was looking for . I can not recommend this product . I am more than a bit disappointed . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0002I1TCI 100 Hour Plus Emergency Candle Clear Mist -RSB-
 I was out of power from Hurricane Sandy so I ordered a bunch of emergency supplies from Amazon including two of these candles . I paid for express shipping which was $ 15.00 and equal to the price of both candles . They finally arrived two weeks later , well after everything else from Amazon . Despite having to eat the &#34; express &#34; shipping fee , I returned them and will not purchase anything from this vendor again .
 I purchased item to keep in car trunk for emergencies thinking it was a solid candle . This is really not a candle but a wick inserted into a bottle of liquid . Since I do n't really need any spills in my car trunk - this item now resides uselessly in a box in my garage .
 You very much get what you pay for -- I bought two including one for a friend . This is a very cheap plastic bottle filled with paraffin capped with a cheap stopper/wick assembly . Wick that was not properly placed and had to be adjusted before the first use . The bottle is somewhat sealed by a plastic stopper . -LRB- one leaked in shipment and soaked the box in paraffin -RRB- . Do NOT leave this item burning unattended . Odorless , smokeless and NO safer than a regular candle
 This is a nicely designed piece of junk . After less than eight weeks , the bottom of ours began to corrode and soap leaked all over the countertops . It is absolutely NOT stainless steel , as advertised . AVOID !!
 Purchasers , I am very sorry to report the following
 I bought this vacuum in March-2004 . The motor just burned out . -LRB- June -RRB- The vacuum repair shop in town said that is very common for this brand and type -LRB- bagless -RRB- in this part of the country . We live in the desert southwest . He said the sand is so fine it by passes the filtering systems , ends up in the motor and burns them out ! He said replacing the motor would be a waste of money , becasue it would happen again . What a waste of money !
 I bought this vacuum in Feb. 2004 . It worked like a charm for the first year . Then I started having problems with the belt constantly breaking , the filter light coming on and the vacuum stopped sucking up the lint.For the first set of problems I learned that it is difficult to find parts for this vacuum , and once you find them , they are expensive . I took my vacuum to a repair shop and was told that the bagless vacuums usually stop working after a year -LRB- due to the fine dust getting into the machine -RRB- - but hey , I 'm at a repair shop , so I was n't expecting to be told the full truth , so I did n't really believe it.Then , when the vacuum stopped working again -LRB- and the belt broke this time and with it came a new burning smell -RRB- I took it in to a different shop . I was told the same thing - but this time , he showed me all the bagless vacuums in the back waiting for repairs.Tonight , after just getting my vacuum from the repair shop , I was vacuuming , the burning smell started again , and a bolt from the brush cylinder burned its way through the plastic and fell onto the floor.I thought two things
 I help my dad clean his house and use his vacuum . This is the most annoying , horrible vacuum I have ever used . Nearly every vaccuming causes it to get clogged . I have to spend a very patient 15 minutes each time trying to figure out where the clog is coming from . I also could n't believe how much dirt was in the carpet each time since there is n't much dirt outside . After reading the other reviews , I realized it 's not dirt , but carpet fibers being shredded . The roller brush often jams and it smells like it 's burning because the rubber stoppers at the ends are melting along with the hose .
 I loved this vacuum at first . It picked up everything , and even though it was very heavy I was happy . After about 8 months it stopped working correctly . I noticed it was n't picking up anything and would quit in the middle of vacuuming . The hose got clogged after every cleaning . I was spending more time cleaning this thing out than I was actually vacuuming . After a year I am no longer able to vacuum an entire room without it quitting or plugging up . This is the worst product I have ever purchased !!! I am wishing I had my $ 50 WalMart vacuum back !! I am going to buy a new vacuum this weekend so I can finally clean my house .
 Had Item six months never worked right , talked to Eureka service serval times , what a run around , I will not deal with eureka again because of poor customer service and poor product . Thanks Bob -LRB- sbksports -RRB-
 I hate this vacuum . I 've had it for a little over a year . It started out ripping my Persian rugs to shreds but now , in its -LRB- apparently -RRB- golden years , I ca n't pick up a clump of cat hair unless I feed it in by hand . It 's heavy , it 's unwieldy , and it 's worthless . The motor runs fine . Hose only , it sucks . But it does n't clean the floor . As for cat littler , its specialty seems to be making it ricochet in all directions . It is about to become a curb ornament .
 Look at the top of this page and what do you see ? A picture of four little bowls together . imagine my surprise when only one little bowl arrived ! Would n't you expect a set of 4 ? -LRB- And would n't you want more than 1 little prep bowl ? -RRB- Returning this little sucker would effectively be paying for it twice , after paying for shipping both ways . so I kept it . A week later , I found a set of 3 same sized bowls which seem better made AND have lids at TJ Maxx . Price ? $ 5.99 . In summary , this bowl is nothing special , overpriced , and deceptively advertised ! Do n't waste your money .
 There are only 6 pouches in a pack , though its clearly labeled as having 10 ! The pouches themselves are fine , basic cheap construction , but you only get 6 when you 've paid for 10 !
 The tool is not sturdy i tried to blend pie dough and the wire keep on colapsing . It looked nice but too flimsy .
 I am looking for a Hepa Filter for Kenmore 85254 Air Cleaner , part number is 83195 per manual . I can tell you that while this looks correct in the photo the measurements are not correct for the hepa filter that I have now , which was the original . And since the cost of this filter is soooo much cheaper I am leery as to whether this information is correct , just saying .
 I looked forward to putting this machine to work in our kitchen . The first machine we bought never worked once , and had to be returned to Bed , Bath & Beyond after nemerous calls to tassimo customer service . The replacement machine worked for about 3 weeks . Coffee was excellent and the Earl grey tea was great -LRB- I 'm not a tea drinker -RRB- . Trying to troubleshoot the machine through Tassimo Custonmer Service was a challenge . I finally gave up and returned the machine again . I believe this machine is trying to do too much for the price you pay . It is not reliable and I would not buy a Tassimo -LRB- maybe a year from now when all the bugs are designed out of the system -RRB- . I replaced the Tassimo with a Kuerig . It 's not as complicated and it still makes a great cup of coffee .
 I received this coffee maker in great time but I have to say trying to buy the coffee or even register to receive the two free packs of coffee has been a true turn off for me . I placed an order and registered immediately upon receipt of this coffee maker and then I did not hear a word back from Braun . After 2 weeks I contacted them to find out if they received my order and was told that they did not have the coffee that I wanted in . Mind you this was several different brands and they still could not even provide the Free 2 packages as promised . I was told that they do not contact you to let you know there is a delay because they could get the coffee in at any time . I waited a couple more weeks and then told them to cancel my order . They stated that they could not do this as once an order is received it is sent for processing even if they do n't have the coffee . The two words this company uses a lot is '' I apologize '' . That must have been repeated over and over again to me via phone and emails . I have finally received the coffee but have since purchased a Keurig . This company is very customer oriented and I received my coffee orders from them and several other companies within a few days of ordering . I had always thought Braun was a good company to deal with but I think they dropped the ball with the Tassimo . I like Keurig as there are more places to obtain numerous coffee ' and they are certainly out to please the customer , which I can not say for the Braun Tassimo group . It will take me awhile before I consider buying anything from Braun again . If you are looking for a great coffee maker with great customer service to back it up , and coffee that is available-spend the extra few dollars and buy the Keurig .
 I thought when I got my Tassimo i would be drinking coffees that were the quality of Starbucks . I knew of Gevalia but I never knew Gevalia and Maxwell House were the same company . Now I now why . The Tassimo coffee is the same average quality of Maxwell House . Plus , When I made my tea it had a bit of a coffee taste since each beverage goes through a funnel . Not what i expected a 169 dollar machine to do.Plus , I love flavored coffee and i thought the whole point of getting a single cup system was to make a cup of French Vanilla one cup at a time , without having to add syrups or creamers . I noticed on Amazon there are other single cup brewers with price points of $ 99 like the Keurig or Flavia , and both of these make flavored coffee one cup at a time . I was attracted to Tassimo with its cappuccino , but this drink is 99 cents and with Keurig and Flavia i noticed the drinks are less than 50 cents . I am going to donate my Tassimo to my neighbor who likes average Maxwell House and I am going to get a Keurig or a Flavia . I at least have tried these 2 systems at work and know they are better quality than Maxwell House .
 I first purchased the Braun Tassimo TA 1400 , 4 years ago . I know it was 4 years ago because my first son was 4 months old when we visited family who were proud owners of a Tassimo . My husband and I instantly fell in love it , which prompted us to purchase one . It worked great for the first two years and then it became very messy and did not work properly , and this included exploding T-disks and strange whistling sounds . I contacted customers service who told me to call the service number to trouble shoot the problems . The warranty was up and I figured the problems were related to ` old age ' . My husband and I decided to purchase the newer Tassimo TAS200 -LRB- White -RRB- from JC Penney . The problems immediately started and they were the same problems the original Tassimo brewer was giving us . I am not joking when I say that I truly had confidence in the Tassimo coffee maker and I continued to use it even though I new I was wasting money on T-discs . Part of the reason that I continued to do this is because I contacted customer service and they informed me that `` I was doing something wrong '' and that `` I needed to , once again , contact technical support . '' I am not one to complain and just decided to not use that coffee maker , never purchase one again , and never purchase T-discs again . Then yesterday March 12 , 2012 I received a letter in the mail stating that parts and T-discs had been recalled because of exploding discs !! It was a breath of fresh air discovering that Tassimo 's customer service members were wrong and it was not `` my fault because I was doing something wrong . '' I threw about 4 boxes of Tassimo T-disks into the garbage along with cappuccinos and milk cartridges , about 3 months ago . Hundreds of dollars spent on coffee T-disks down the drain because they were defective -LRB- the maker itself also has a defective part -RRB- , and customer service did n't even know they were defective !! When I contacted customer service , upon receiving the recall letter , I was told that a part would be mailed to me so I could fix the defective coffee maker . I am glad that I will be able to fix the machine , but what about all of the money lost because of defective parts ? What about all the mornings that I wished the maker would work only to have it explode -LRB- creating hazardous steam , but I was smart enough not to open it -RRB- and my mission was to drive out of town to the nearest coffee store , with two small children ? What about the hundreds of dollars in thrown out defective T-disks , and the dozens of exploded disks that were immediately thrown out ? What can customer service do to help me become a satisfied customer , and not a customer that ravages Amazon.com and leaves horrible one star comments ? I 'm not the type of person that usually writes negative comments or complains , but this seems like the right time to start . Please help me to like the Tassimo coffee maker and customer service associated with the product , and please take the necessary steps to reimburse me for this long torturous journey through the trials of this defective product . CUSTOMER SERVICE NEVER HELPED ME , BUT TOLD ME `` TOO BAD SO SAD , CA N'T HELP YOU . '' -LRB- kind of like , we did n't tell you to buy the product -RRB-
 Tassimo brewer part recall - Federally mandated.It has been more than 2 months and I am still waiting for my replacement part!What am I supposed to do ? I 'm thinking of purchasing a different single cup machine.Especially since Tassimo has discontinued so many brands of coffee.Absolutely no customer service at Tassimo ! A bunch of nothings must work there.They are owned by Kraft Foods , right ? Think I had better sell my Kraft stock .
 I have been happy with the machine and the system . The problem is when ordering coffee from Tassimo . The customer service is the worst I have ever experienced in my life . When ordering the system is not linked to the inventory system so you do not know if they are out of something that you are ordering . The worst part is they do not let you know that some of your order is back ordered , they just do not ship the order until it is all in -LRB- even if it takes more than a month -RRB- . You just run out of coffee waiting . You have to call their so called customer service and then they let you know they are out and ask you to change your order .
 we bought our tassimo about a year ago and were relatively happy with the Starbucks brand coffee brews , but then Starbucks dropped Tassimo and there is n't even a close replacement in the Tassimo brand coffees . Now there is a recall because their T disks are exploding and burning people . Do n't waste your money on this machine .
 The machine works great -LRB- fast , convenient -RRB- , but we bought it for the cappuccinos and lattes , and they are TERRIBLE ! The milk tastes like you are pouring cheap powdered coffee creamer directly into your mouth , with a hint of espresso . The espresso is good by itself , but that was not what we bought it for . We are taking it back immediately . Also , for those that try to be environmentally conscientious , the T-disks are extremely wasteful with a hard plastic shell and foil top . Just FYI .
 After ordering this machine I could n't wait to try it . I ordered 10 different types of beverages for it and after trying nearly all of them , I have yet to find a coffee that does n't taste bitter . The hot chocolate was good , but so far , every coffee has been nearly undrinkable .
 A friend of mine purchased the Tassimo brewer recently and suggested that I try it . Sadly , I was very disappointed . It looks nice but that 's about it . I like a good quality drink and this just does n't get close . Thanks but no thanks .
 I have the machine which works well , HOWEVER , T 's service is terrible . They have many restrictions or rules on ordering and when you trip one , they cancel your order and they do n't tell you about the cancelation . But they do send you an email confirming the order ???? Because they are so slow to ship , you do n't know they canceled until two or three weeks later you do n't receive the order . We are constantly running out of coffee . When you enquire as to their quirky rules , they act indignant like its none of my business . It 's a so what attitude . Pass - do not buy . MJH in Connecticut
 Prior to ordering the product , I read the first review , which said no free coffee or tea discs were included in the box . And he/she had to go through a nightmare to resolve the situation . Am not sure if it was resolved.I , too , got the machine in just two days . Wow . Impressed . But where was the coffee ? Uh huh . Not to be found . I 'm not sure what hell I 'll have to go through to get it . We 'll see.So beware . Be warned . Be prepared .
 If you 're looking for a novelty coffee machine , this is for you but it wo n't give you real coffee or cappucino.This machine appears to be a cheaper knock-off of the Nespresso D90 and Concept capsule machines , which make excellent coffee and espresso . It tries to go one step further with the milk pod to give you instant cappucino but falls flat.The package says it 's creamer made from milk . Does n't taste like milk and half the pod goes unused on the automatic setting . It says not to refrigerate the creamer so you ca n't use the leftover milk again.If you 're comparing this to Starbucks -LRB- I think Peet 's is better -RRB- coffee , this is worse.The positive reviews seem suspect . The reviewers have either nothing critical to say about other products they 've rated or this is their first review . This is not to say that I 'm working for a competitor , I just know what the better machines are .
 I 've owned two Tassimo machines . Both died after 2-3 years . One is left with a useless bulky machine sitting on the kitchen counter and lots of useless environmentally horrible little plastic coffee pods . Save your money and get a simple decent drip coffeemaker at half the price that will last many years longer .
 The only product this item produces is luke warm colored water . Ca n't call it coffee , tea or anything else . Braun should be embarrassed .
 I had reviewed so many positive recommendations for this product , but was very disappointed in the quality of the beverages and in the performance of the product . I could never get the lattes to work correctly -LRB- I would get the espresso part fine , but the milk dics always caused a malfunction and I am a meticulous about following instructions -RRB- and the regular coffee was definitely not as good regular Mr. Coffee brewed . I am a big fan of Gevalia coffees , but they taste awful in this machine . I was very disappointed , and am now out $ 50 on T-discs -LRB- not returnable , luckily the machine was returned -RRB- that I would much rather be spending on Starbucks !
 I have the Keurig single cup at home and the Tassimo at work and there is no comparison between the two . I love the Keurig and hate the Tassimo . The Keurig is always ready to brew with no wait . The Tassimo has to warm up and heat the water first . Plus , the Tassimo rarely correctly reads the bar code on the T-discs . I 've had 4 cups of coffee today and had to manually -LRB- holding down the brew button for the duration of the brewing process -RRB- make each one with the Tassimo . In short , the Keurig is a hassle-free , coffee on demand product . The Tassimo is a wait a couple a couple minutes for water to heat up , hold down the button while the cup brews product . I would not recommend the Tassimo to anyone .
 Guys , the machine itself is pretty nifty and better than the K cups -LRB- it can make all sorts of beverages and the darker European roasts turn out pretty well if you can find them ... Mastro Lorenzo Crema Coffee , T-Discs for Tassimo Coffeemakers , 16-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- -RRB- , but unfortunately I think this machine and Tassimo may soon be going the way of the Betamax . Go into any store and you 'll see a huge growing selection of K-cup machines and coffee roasts and brands -LRB- even self-refillable k-cups -RRB- ; but then look for the Tassimo T-discs -LRB- if they even have them -RRB- , and you 'll only find a sad , pitiful shelf offering a picked over selection of whatever seems to be left in stock -LRB- and that 's if you 're lucky -RRB- . Nice , rich-roasted Starbuck 's used to offer t-disks , but they jumped ship awhile back.And although you can go online to order these discs , who really wants to do that ? And then have to pay for the shipping ! Also , I 've read on some discussion threads about poor customer support and super long waits to get their orders shipped.Anyway , I got this machine as a gift and I 've been buying disks when I see them on sale here at Amazon or at Bed , Bath and Beyond when they have a clearance sale -LRB- again , the display is pretty sad , and it 's right by two HUGE shelves displaying TONS of selections for the K-Cups -RRB- . But hey , if it 's on sale and I have a Bed , Bath and Beyond $ 5.00 off coupon , it 's worthwhile.I 'm really sorry for the poor review because this really could be a good product , but unless you get this as a gift -LRB- and you have an ample supply of these disks stocked up or readily available -RRB- or unless Tassimo gets their act together and starts partnering up with other suppliers -LRB- like K-cups is doing -RRB- , I 'm recommending that you pass this up .
 We gave this as a Christmas gift along with a variety of coffees and latte pods . The gift went over well and the recipient was really happy with it . The family jokingly fought over who got to press the button each time . All of the drinks we tried tasted good and were the appropriate temperature.The only thing that really bothered us about it was the amount of waste from the pods . I knew it was single use and expected a little bit of waste but we cringed at the amount of trash from the pods . They were large pieces of plastic packaged in a cardboard box in a plastic/metallic bag and the plastic did n't even have a recycle symbol on it.If you 're constantly driving to coffee shops to pick up drinks this might make sense but I 'm sticking to my french press and loose tea at home for beverages that taste just as good and generate a lot less trash .
 This was a wonderful Christmas gift that someone gave . The machine works . You get a cup of hot coffee in about a minute with little mess to clean up . The bad news is the coffee is too expensive and choice is limited to what kinds of coffee and teas that can be used . So if your wealth is such that the cost does n't matter and you like the coffee then go for it.I 'm thinking of acendently knocking it off the counter and inadvertnetly kicking it hard enough to break it so I can throw the damn thing out .
 I got one for me and one my son 's family for Christmas and mine does n't work and never did , they wo n't take take it back or exchange it so I 'm out the money for the maker and I have all this coffee and hot chocolate sitting here unused with a coffee maker on the counter reminding of a Chrismas present that does n't work . Be careful where you buy this Target has it and you can return it if it does n't work !!!
 When I bought my Tassimo from Bed Bath and Beyond the sales rep told me I could order online Hazelnut coffee . I come to find the Tassimo has a very limited range and its of brands i never heard of . I really was looking forward to making Hazelnut cappuccinos in my home . I am returning this system and going with the system my sister just got , the FLAVIA since it not only makes cappuccinos it makes Hazelnut , French Vanilla cappuccinos . I ca n't believe these guys launched a system in the states without flavored coffee .
 I ca n't review this product because the product was unable to make it through customs for some reason and had to be returned to sender . As it was a Christmas present , I had to order the same item from another Canadian distributor that could ship the package on time .
 I purchased this about 2 years ago - it was between this and a Keurig . I picked Tassimo because , at the time , this was the only one that did Chai Latte ... and had the best hot coacoa . The unit works very well , although we have very calcified water -LRB- I use tap which is my problem -RRB- and the red light would come on , but it still works and has always been a hard worker for me.My major beef is this - the pods are getting more and more expensive . And less stores are carying them , and of my local stores that do carry their pods , they are not carrying the Chai Latte . . I have to tell you this Chai was the BEST I have ever had ... very few calories , and it tasted like heaven ... kind of like a creme brulee with cinnamon ... just absolutely awesome . I kept this machine running just because of the Chai , although over time it was getting more and more expensive . Started out about 7.50 , and is now running about $ 12 ... you get 8 servings . Sometimes during the day , in the winter , I had more than one a day . This is where it gets expensive.My local store stopped carrying the Chai . This is when I made my decision.The pods were getting too costly ... I looked and ALL pods are getting expensive ... on the average about $ 12 for anywhere from 8 to 12 servings . This is for a Keurig , Tassimo , whatever unit you get . And you are spending a heck of alot for the unit to make this expensive drink.I went back to my normal coffee pot . I am getting the flavored coffemate for it . Its cheaper - yes I do n't get my Chai Latte anymore , but I am saving sooo much money . I get one pot of coffee - a whole POT - for the cost of just one pod ... one serving.These companies lost me .
 Great machine but any of the coffee pods make brown water , not coffee . I have n't had a good cup of coffe since I got the machine and went back to my old Calaphon Coffee maker . The idea of single serve is great . Hopefully someday the coffee pods will improve . But , if you like the taste of brown water ; enjoy
 I have used both this and the Keurig . My priority is a good cup of black coffee , but I do like cappuccinos , and lattes on occasion . I do n't care about the noise , the process , yada yada ; I care about the taste . So
 We just purchased a Tassimo machine last week and have been using it with a number of beverages . Well , I 'm returning it .1 -RRB- Auto-Mode is n't automatic
 I do n't know what kind of coffee people drink but this is horrible . Anyway , I certainly did n't expect any kind of coffee house coffee , but I did expect a bit more than coffee flavored water . I returned it and happy that I did . I 'd rather buy an espresso machine and a coffee machine and do it that way , than spend this much money on something that is not near worth it . If I could rate this with minus stars , I would , but I had to give it at least one star .
 I received this as a free promotional gift and although I appreciate the thought it is a terrible product . I was looking forward to it being a great coffee machine , but it 's not.There are two things that make it a waste of money for those of you who may think of buying it .1 . You can only buy tasteless and weak coffee to use in it .2 . You ca n't buy the coffee in any local grocery store , only specialty kitchen stores or Amazon . This is not very convenient.I bought all the coffees that Amazon sells and along with a few friends tested them out . The only thing worth drinking was the Earl Grey Tea and the Hot Chocolate . The question you should consider , is why spend over $ 150 on an instant hot water machine . Use a microwave if you need it that fast.The coffee taste awful ! If you are someone who drinks Pete 's or Starbucks coffee on a regular basis you will not like this machine .
 Well the product works well , but I have now been without coffee for a week and a half thanks to Tassimo 's `` service . '' I called them today to ask where my shipment was , and they told me it shipped -LRB- I swear -RRB- 11 days ago ! What on Earth takes so long to send a peasly little box to Texas ? I cancelled my account . I will now pick up my discs on a local basis - and only rarely for specialty drinks only . It is much cheaper to brew regular coffee by the pot anyway if you drink alot , and it is much `` greener '' since there is n't a little hockey puck of plastic created for every cup you make .
 I bought my Tassimo in January 2007 . I like the coffee very much , especially since there are many choices . However , I very much dislike the slow and inconsistent delivery of T-Pods purchased from the Tassimo site and the indifferent customer service . I have no choice but to order T-Pods , so my overall rating is influenced by delivery.The Tassimo machine has been removed from my Christmas giving list . I would not recommend it to those who can not buy at retail , or who would feel limited by the typical retail selection .
 Got this Tassimo Coffee maker for Christmas . It works as advertised , and makes a decent cup of coffe , albeit a small cup . But as pod coffer makers go , this would not be my first choice . I have a Bunn pod machine at work which is MUCH better.When making the coffee , a lot of water leaks around the edges of the coffee disc . Other water drips down through a drain that they make into the machine and all ecess water ends up in the base of the unit , which has to be removed and dumped periodically . It does n't seem to me to be a very efficient process.It makes a sort of latte drink , by using first an expresso disc and then a milk disk . The milk ends up everywhere inside the unit and is difficult to clean out . Some of it gets into places that simply can not be removed for cleaning . Making latte in this machine is quite a messy ordeal , and the end result is not very impressive.The Tissimo uses a proprietary T-Disc , which only contains enough coffee to make about 8-10 oz . The universal pods that other brands use easily accomodate a 16 oz . travel mug or two 8 oz . cups . The Tissimo T-Discs are about 30-50 % more expensive than the pods , they make less coffee , and the choise is limited to one brand only - Gevalia . There are supposed to be Maxwell House T-Discs available , presumably at a lower cost , but I can not find them anywhere and Tissimo does not sell them.Bottom line ... when shopping for a pod coffee maker , my advise is to get one that can use universal pods , not proprietary `` discs '' . There is a much greater veriety of brands available , and the coffee is less expensive .
 My husband & I decided to buy the tassimo machine for ourselves and liked it when we first got it . But after only 2 months I ca n't stand the loud noise it makes when brewing and the lack of selection in coffee and tea has become frustrating . I am back to leaving the house in the morning just to go out and grab a cup of coffee from the deli and coming back home . -LRB- It is so loud that when you are on the phone you have to push the button on the machine and run out of the room so you can continue to have your conversation while the coffee is brewing ! -RRB- For Christmas , we purchased a SimpleHuman Single serve machine for my parents and it is as silent as could be , the coffee is piping hot and the selection of teas and coffees are boundless . Their freinds and neighbors love it and when I am in the neighborhood I stop in just to brew a cup of my choice . After spending all this money on a Tassimo machine , we are replacing it with a SimpleHuman machine after only 2 months . It was a waste of money , but a lesson learned - we should have done more reasearch after all . SImpleHuman can be found at www.simplehuman.com and it comes strongly recommended . After all , I have experienced them both now . No comparison . SimpleHuman does not make cappucinos or other drinks besides coffee and tea , but the quality of the coffee and tea speaks for itself .
 We 've had a Bruan Tassimo about a week now and I am really disappointed in the end product which is about a measly 5 ounces of lukewarm coffee . We have to zap water in the coffee cup in the m/w twice to heat the cup , empty the water , then make the coffee , add about an ounce or so of water to it and put it back in the micro wave for another zap . Hardly user friendly . Also , we have difficulty finding the coffee pods and find that the stores are usually limited to Gevaglia decaffinated or chocolate drinks . It is one of the more expensive single cup coffee systems and one should expect a better end product then this . They need to go back to the drawing board on this one . I am returning the one I have to the store tomorrow . Buyer beware !
 Yes , it is easy to use . Yes , I like the variety of beverages available . NO , you ca n't stick a travel mug under there and remove the cup stand unless you put a wad of paper towels under your cup . So you end up filling a small sized coffee cup -LRB- not most of the mugs I own -RRB- , and then pour it into your travel mug . The T-DISCS say you get 11 oz of beverage with the coffee , tea , etc. but I have found that is simply not true . It 's more like 8 oz . With EVERY cup you make , you get a significant amount of water coming out of the overflow hole . I have to empty the overflow cup after every four cups of beverage I make , and I think that is excessive . That much water should NOT be coming out of this thing . This is n't from spilling the coffee or tea or not having the cup centered - you can watch the water run out the hole on the lower front wall every time it has to heat the water . And , yes , the sound is about the equivalent to the sound of running my blender for ten seconds . First thing in the morning you really do n't want that loud of a noise - even for 10 seconds - I ca n't understand why they could n't fix that problem . I 'm going to give it a couple weeks because I have a bunch of product to use - but I am already wondering if the makers of this product did n't try it at home for a couple weeks and then fix these issues from their own annoyance . I think there was a big rush to hurry and get this product into the marketplace by Braun as single serve machines have become so popular so they are n't taking their time in design/manufacturing . The longer they waited , the more people would have them and once you have one you use their beverage products and so we end up with a really less than perfect product because they rushed to get market share . If you go to www.singleservecoffee.com you will see that they reviewed all the single serve machines and all the beverages for them and this one did n't make the top of the list or 2nd place and neither did its beverages . I casually mentioned this machine to my family before Christmas and they bought it for me for Christmas as a surprise . I said how innovative it was and had n't done my homework and they did n't either . I am going to get the receipt from my parents because for this amount of money , I could get a better product .
 After reading all of the reviews I was so excited to try this machine . We have had a Senseo single cup for about 3 years and love it . -LRB- We use Java Podz for a strong , European cup of Java . -RRB- My daughter is heading off to college and is taking the Senseo with her , so I decided to see what new and improved options existed . I received the Tassimo and the coffee was basic , but nowhere near as good as what I am used to . But the real benefit of the Tassimo was that we would be able to make chai latte -LRB- which I love -RRB- and cappuccino-type drinks with the milk . Another disappointment . The milk product adds a plastic taste to the drinks ; everyone in the family agreed . Finally , after the 3rd day , the machine stopped working . It would n't puncture the discs , so we simply got cups of hot water , and water leaking all over the counter . When I called Tassimo , they said someone would call and they would send out a box and a label to return the product . Two days later , I got a call giving me the address to which I would need to send the product back - at my expense !! No box , no label . I requested a supervisor and was given all kinds of excuses to dissuade me from speaking to one . They were `` busy '' , they would `` call me back , '' there was `` nothing they could do . '' I insisted on holding , as long as it took . When I gave the name and badge number -LRB- Sheldon 601234 -RRB- of the person who told me that I would get a box and label , the supervisor -LRB- Tammy , in Canada -RRB- just kept repeating , `` I apologize , but I ca n't give you that . '' No matter what I said or asked , that was the robotic , repeated response . So frustrating . Even if that response did n't answer the question - she was obviously programmed to simply repeat the `` policy . '' An empty `` apology '' and no help is not worth anything . So , basically , I paid about $ 25 for 2 cups of sub-par coffee and chai , plus all the set-up and cleaning time , not to mention the time and effort of packing up and shipping back the defective unit . Avoid Tassimo direct online at all costs , and if you STILL think this system may be for you , do yourself a favor and buy locally at a place with an excellent return policy , because odds are you will need to return it . I wish I would have paid more attention to the people who reported their unit also malfunctioned and the coffee was so-so . Instead , I focused on my fantasy perfect cappuccino which never materialized . A new , `` improved '' unit comes out in a week or so , `` which has worked out the bugs and problems . '' By their own admission , they 've had to redesign this . Hopefully the new system actually does work consistently and makes a better tasting cup of coffee . As for me , I 'm getting another tried-and-true Senseo at half the price .
 I purchased a Tassimo TA 1400 last December from Amazon . It uses only bar coded T-discs manufactured specially , and apparently at great cost , for the Tassimo . The machine reads the bar code and sets itself accordingly . I had the highest hopes when I unpacked the machine.The Tassimo has two serious drawbacks
 After listening to Imus hype this thing for weeks I bought it for my wife 's birthday . It makes great coffee but the grinding noise and vibrating water pump were just too annoying . I am returning it within the 30 day trial.My wife and I do n't get up at the same time every morning and the noise was horrendous for the person trying to get an extra 30 minutes of sleep .
 I bought this item after a friend raved about it . After I got it home and set it up , my husband and I were shocked at how loud it was ! We confirmed with said friend that this was `` normal '' as was the small cup of coffee . While that coffee was good , I found myself frequently wishing for more variety in flavors . After about 2 months I got sick of wishing for flavored coffee and ditched this for the Keurig , which I love ! It 's quiet , there are tons of options , PLUS the machine comes with 18 K-cup samples to try , while the Tassimo came with NONE . Get the Keurig !
 I purchased the Tassimo at Bloomingdales after seeing a demonstration and came to Amazon to buy my T-discs . The woman at Bloomingdales actually tried to prevent me from buying the Tassimo and suggested another system-the Keurig , since Tassimo requires clean up with a clear disc -LRB- + 2 pages on clean up in the manual -RRB- and the coffee is a bit non-American . The drinks I have made at home were just ok . The machine is loud and messy . I am returning it . I went to Amazon to buy the Keurig but then found the Flavia Fusion drinks station under Sharper Image which does more than just coffee and tea - it makes cappuccinos and lattes . I went to Sharper Image and bought a Flavia for $ 119-which came with some cool syrups and sprinkles and loads of sample coffee , tea , chocolate and cappuccino packs and travel mug . My wife , daughter and I love the Flavia . It makes great tasting cappuccinos and mochas and great hot chocolate for my daughter . The Flavia packs are less than Tassimo and Keurig and taste better . Their website to buy drinks is really cool and they just sent me an email on their new wellbeing drinks . At Sharper Image the sales guy told me the Flavia is made by the company that makes M&M s and Milky Way and now know why the Flavia drinks taste so good . There is also no where near the same clean up required for Flavia that I had to do with the Tassimo . I should have listened to the sales rep at Bloomingdales and not bought the Tassimo from the start .
 The problem with the Tassimo machine is it 's design and quality . The first problem is that it sounds like a jet plane taking off when it brews a cup of coffee . I wish I were exaggerating , but it is a VERY loud machine . The other major problem is that it leaks almost as much water into the drip cup as the single cup of coffee it produces . This is especially problematic if the cup you are using does not fit onto the platform . You are then forced to place the coffee mug into the drip cup with the leaking water . Ingenious design ! The quality of the coffee it produces is good , but the hassle with the noise and water only allow me to give it 2 stars . There are better products on the market .
 I bought this machine in December - it broke in January - it 's now March and still no machine , no refund and Tassimo always has an excuse ... I 've contacted them by phone and emails several times.I did love the coffee when I had the machine . But I would n't spend the time or money again with a Braun product.Buyer beware ! No service with this company .
 If you are thinking of buying this for someone , do n't do it.I owned a Tassimo for years , and I only recently was able to replace it -LRB- with the awesome KEURIG K-Cup coffee maker -RRB- . The reasons why I do n't like the Tassimo machine are because it is SUPER LOUD when making coffee , and because the selection of their coffee in stores is absolutely horrible.The KEURIG machine is far superior because there is a far greater selection of their coffee cups in stores -LRB- Target , Stop + Shop , Bed Bath and Beyond , etc -RRB- and because it is WHISPER QUIET when it makes coffee . No more waking up your guests when you want a cup of joe!The design of the KEURIG machine is far superior too . Not only is it dead quiet , but there 's no `` leaky bottom '' - the machine takes the water it needs to get rid of and puts it BACK in the water tank ! Awesome ! No weird cup of water to empty every single time you make a cup of coffee like Tassimo ! AND - there is NO water filter to replace in the KEURIG ! The one at the bottom of the water tank in the Tassimo gets dirty quickly and is hard to find and EXPENSIVE to replace!Get the Keurig . Thank me later .
 This machine is a complete disappointment . Many times the disc does not fit properly and will send coffee grounds dripping into the machine , all over the counter , and all over you !! I 've wasted two or three very expensive discs just trying to get one cup of coffee . The recall part does the same thing . I only hope I can return it and get my money back . Buy a better brand . Do n't waste your money
 Recently purchased the T-65 directly from Tassimo.BIG mistake.It is defective and the replacement from Bosch takes 4 to 6 weeks . I was originally told 2 weeks for a replacement.Have called customer service four time since giving it as a Christmas gift and am told there is nothing they can do and I 'll have to wait 2 more weeks for receipt of the replacement.Should have purchased from Amazon.Tassimo gives terrible service !
 When I first bought my Tassimo I could get an excellent variety of coffees to include Starbucks and Seattle 's Best . The Tassimo made a perfect cup of coffee , it was better than going to an actual Starbucks . Now these coffees are no longer available . I have tried many of the other coffes available such Gevalia , and they taste bitter or watered down . I have now switched to Keurig . I woul drecommend that you NOT buy a Tassimo because of the poor choice of coffees available .
 I 'm not a coffee drinker , but I will spend $ 5 a pop on a good cappuccino , latt&eacute; , or frapaccino so when I found a machine that promised me great cappuccino 's and latt&eacute;s I felt that the entail coast would quickly be reimbursed in only spending $ 7.00 for a pack of 16 rather then $ 5 per drink . I know it was n't going to be exactly like my local coffee shop I understand that but after making two drinks -LRB- both with the frustration of overflow all over my counter not to mention about 5 min to heat up -RRB- one of the t-disks exploded in the machine putting coffee grounds everywhere ! Less then a week after I placed it on my counter top it completely stopped reading the t-discs and became a very expensive hot water maker -LRB- hot water with coffee grounds in it despite several attemts to clean it out -RRB- . For people who have 30 extra min to fight for a cup of cappuccino in the morning then this is your machine but for me I have returned the machine to the store I bought it from and am continue to frequent my local java hut .
 I just received my tassimo today . I made 3 cappuccinos and made a complete mess with the second . I also have a Keurig K-cup machine and it wins hands down . The only thing is it does not have the ability to make espressos or cappuccinos . But it truly does not make any mess and is easier to work . I knew when the first thing I unpacked was a cleaning disc that this machine was not going to be a `` cup of tea '' . As others have reported the first couple of drinks , even after running several cups with the cleaning disc , tasted very plasticy . After that , and changing to a 2 espressos to one milk ratio , they were fine.If you 've never used the Keurig machine you will probably be very happy with this machine . But if you are looking for a coffee maker with a large variety of coffees , you would consider the Keurig .
 I bought this thinking I would get a great quality cup of coffee ... but I was dead wrong . This pricy machine was one of the worst I tested - and the clean up is terrible . I saw an ad for this thought it was worth a try ... not worth the $ 170 . I saw another system in Good Housekeeping in December that I purchased and now love ...
 I won this free -LRB- in the audience of a TV show -RRB- and returned it along with 2 boxes of refills for roughly $ 200 store credit before it ended up on the clearance rack and was worthless . My reasons :1 -RRB- The cost of replacement pods is about 15 times what you would pay to make good quailty beverages if you bought your own ,2 -RRB- Limited beverage choices to the pods sold -LRB- What to do with it when the pods are discontinued ? -RRB- 3 -RRB- You ca n't get the best coffees/teas in the pods and you ca n't fresh-grind your own coffee beans or use whole-leaf tea ,4 -RRB- Takes up too much space in kitchen , and5 -RRB- It was very revealing that the correspondence I received to advise me of my prize was from KRAFT FOODS , not Braun or Tassimo . Sing along
 Just received the Tassimo , and to my dislike the Machine did not work , now after waiting for two weeks to get this machine and joining the club online to get del every 4 weeks , I have to send it back to a service center to get it repaired , which should take about 5 weeks with the turn around , So the conculsion is simple spend about 200 bucks for a machine that cant be used for at least 2 months . . Great tasting coffee ? Not sure yet ...
 More than once , on-line orders have been very late . Why ? Because something is out of stock . Does anyone bother to let you know so you could make a substitution ? Absolutely not . Several times ordering by phone has also been problematic , once for the above reason -LRB- again , no email , no call , nothing -RRB- , and twice because our order was `` rejected '' for no apparent reason . It was definitely not a problem with the credit card , but they could n't explain what else it could have been . Great coffee maker , lousy delivery system . We 've asked for shipments to go to the PO Box we use , so they come to our home . We ask for them to come to our home , they go to the PO Box . Does anyone there know what they 're doing ? You talk to a supervisor who says , `` You were supposed to get a letter telling you the order did n't go through . '' No letter . Same supervisor says she will follow through and make sure the new order goes through . She does n't , because it does n't . You call and they ca n't find any record of an order having been made . Very frustrating !
 The product works great , but the one I received had been previously opened -LRB- from Amazon , not another vendor from the Amazon site -RRB- . The coffee capsules were all loose in the sample box . The bags had been cut open and the boxes with the capsules had also been opened . All the bags were in the box but none of the parts were in the bags . The water filter had already been cut open and used.I will just sell this one since it was on `` Sale '' and I used a gift card , the one I have that is new works great . Cleanup is simple , just run the cleaning disc before and after use -LRB- this takes one minute each time -RRB- . Beware of sale , it maybe because these were all returned .
 The product works fine and produces decent quality coffee but my review is really about the customer service . I placed an order for the drink machine online not knowing that my wife had already placed an order to surprise me.I called the number in the email I received to cancel my order on the same day it was logged . The woman on the phone told me she didnt have any of my information yet as the system takes 24 hours to update.I called back Saturday afternoon and spoke to a woman who told me that it was already shipped out and the only thing I could do now was wait for it to arrive and refuse the package , returning it to them . I found it hard to believe that since their systems updated overnight , they had someone ready and willing on a saturday morning to ship that right out to me.I called back Monday morning and asked for a tracking number and confirmation it had been sent out , the woman on the phone told me it had not been sent out yet but a request had been sent to the warehouse for fulfillment . I then told her I would like to cancel the order since it had not been shipped out yet . She then proceeded to tell me that once an order is placed it can not be canceled , no exceptions , they just do not have the capability to cancel an order.I found this a little incredulous so I asked to speak with her supervisor , she transferred me to a woman who proceeded to tell me the same thing that once an order is placed they do not have the power to stop it and I can either refuse the package or call my credit card company to stop the charges . I told her I did not see what the big deal was as it had not left the warehouse and asked if they really needed it to come to the point where I would have to stop the payment from my credit card company and all she could say was that she was sorry for my inconvenience.I then asked to speak to her supervisor . She told me there was no one there at that moment that I could speak to , I asked for a direct line of someone I could even leave a message with and at that point she asked me to hold on to see if she could find someone . A few minutes later another woman came to the phone and repeated the same claims that they have no power to stop an order once it is sent for fulfillment . I told her I thought it was absurd that they would pay to box and ship it , and then pay to have it shipped back to them when we should just stop it right now and save everybody the hassle ... but to no avail.I finally gave up with the customer service reps ' supervisor 's suprvisor and told them thank you and hung up . Now , they are going to charge my card , which is a debit card -LRB- my mistake I guess -RRB- for a product I do not want and will not already have . It will take a least two weeks to get to my house , just so I can wait for it and send it back and then probably wait another 2 weeks to get my $ 170 credited back into my account.Customer service is not their strong point .
 This coffee maker brews a quick cup , but I do prefer the old-fashioned slow-brewed coffee with real steamed milk . That said , I will sacrifice some taste for a few extra minutes before work . I recommend this if you do n't mind a slightly artificial taste.But I am really , really bothered by the amount of waste each cup produces . I much prefer the Senseo type coffee pods , which are still more expensive than regular coffee but at least I can throw the entire pod in the compost bin . I hate looking into my trashcan and seeing all those spent plastic Tassimo pods . Not for the earth-friendly crowd .
 Recieved the Tassimo system , set it up , followed the instructions , nothing happened . Called Tassimo customer service , they said it 's defective , send it to a place in Ft. Worth . Instead I sent it back to Amazon . Got the replacement two day later . Guess what . This one tried to work , but all I got in the cup was bad tasting coffee and a lot of grounds . Tassimo customer service again said it 's defective . Back it goes . Two in a row , MAJOR dissapointment . Will try the Kuerig next .
 unfortunately I was dissappointed with the product . first , It did not come with 1 single coffee or latte sample . so we had to go out to the store and purchase -LRB- which are very expensive once I actually found who had them -RRB- . second , the lid on the water reservoir keeps falling off . very poor construction . Braun usually has very good products , but this one in my opinion is not one of them . I have returned the Tassimo .
 This coffee is terrible ! The pods are very expensive and there 's absolutely NO AROMA . This was a completly stupid purchase on my part . Returning the item back to Amazon . Do n't buy this machine .
 I bought this machine yesterday after a week of doing research . I decided to go with the Tassimo because of what people were saying about the quality of the coffee with the t-disks . Set up was incredibly easy and within a half hour of opening the box , I had a fabulous cup of latte -LRB- it took that long only because you have to soak the filter in water for 30 minutes before first use -RRB- . Yes , it 's a little pricy , but considering the fact that a latte is almost $ 4 a pop at the coffee houses , I think it 's worth it . I would definitely recommend this product . * Update * This machine only lasted about a year before we started having trouble with it . The coffee did n't taste good , no matter how I changed the filter and cleaned the pieces . Then it started to spit and shut off mid brew . Everyone I know -LRB- 6 other people -RRB- who had this machine had the same problems.Great while it lasted , but for the price , it did n't last long enough .
 I bought this machine about a year ago because I wanted frothy hot chocolate like you get from the machines . I also wanted to use it for tea . Well , I have been VERY disappointed because both beverages tasted like the machine 's plastic water tank . I thought running the cleaning disc many times would help , -LRB- it 's what customer service recommended as well -RRB- but it did n't help . A year later , it STILL tastes like plastic . I 've never tried the coffee , but it seems that most people here use the Tassimo for coffee and , from the reviews I have read , those people have no problems with the taste of the coffee . However , if , like me you want hot chocolate or tea , this probably is n't the best machine . I suspect that the coffee is okay because coffee 's taste is so strong and distinctive , that it covers up the plastic taste .
 I have been doing alot of reseach on these pod systems and was really excited when the Tassimo came out since it made more than coffee . I was at Bloomingdales getting a wedding gift and they did a demo of this machine in the kitchen dept. I bought one and could not wait to take it home . The woman at Bloomingdales told me I had to prime my machine when I got home with a clear disc . I was a bit unsure on how to do this and when to do this so I called Tassimo customer service and they said '' you need to use this disc 2x before you start your machine and use it everytime after you make a latte or cappuccino drink and at least 1 per month on top of that . '' I was really upset since I was never told I had to clean the Tassimo after every cappuccino at Bloomingdales . I felt I was really mislead , and I also noticed when I made my first cappuccino and latte drinks with the Tassimo that they really made a mess and it really did need to be cleaned after every milk drink . It was not only real milk but its a real mess . I also called customer service to see if they had any flavored coffees or more decaf coffees . The answer I got was
 After reading the reviews of the Tassimo here on Amazon , I decided I had to have it and picked one up at Bed Bath and Beyond -LRB- sorry , Amazon , I 'm sure it works both ways -RRB- . I was most interested in the latte drinks , so I picked up a separate latte package and a hot chocolate for good measure . The hot chocolate was fine and the machine is easy enough to use once you get it all set up . But man , the condensed milk product that serves as the second T-disc for the latte tastes genuinely horrible with a really creepy aftertaste . I made it through one cup , waited for the weekend and tried again , and this time I tossed it after the first sip . I really do n't understand and frankly have a hard time believing anyone who claims you can get a latte -LRB- or I presume cappucino , since it uses the same `` milk '' -RRB- comparable to a cafe or even a vending machine . I 'll be returning the machine and eating the twenty bucks for the T-discs , a relatively small price for a big lesson about not buying an expensive item based on the lure of advertising copy that sounds too good to be true .
 The customer service for this product is THE worst ! This is the second review I have written for this product -LRB- my first one did n't make it up here for some reason -RRB- . Anyway , the machine starting spraying water from the top and would n't quit until I unplugged it -LRB- this was just 2 months after I received it for Christmas -RRB- . Now , when I plug it in , nothing happens . It is dead and broken . Customer Service says to send it in , of course , I have to pay for the shipping to send it in to get fixed . Closest service center is in San Francisco ??? Not worth the money .
 The Tassimo TA 1400 is an ok coffee machine . It makes a decent cup of coffee , and if they have your preferred coffee type , this may be a good choice for you . However , for the same price the Keurig B60 is a better buy . I use a Keurig at work and bought a Tassimo for home , figuring that it would be similar in features to the Keurig . I found the Tassimo lacking in comparison . Here 's what I like about each : Tassimo : Nice looking machineWater filter is a good plusThe ability to do milk based drinks like lattesKeurig : Also nice lookingWider selection of coffeeYou can buy a filter that allows you to use your own coffeeIncludes a menu driven LCD that allows you to adjust things like temperature , auto-start time , cup size , etc. . LCD also gives you status message so you know what the unit is doingThe side mounted water cannister is more convient than the rear mount of the Tassimo -LRB- strictly preferance here -RRB-
 I was so excited to get this product . I set it up and plugged it in and nothing . The Tassimo was a lemon . Straight out of the box . One light came on briefly and then went out . I 'm exchanging it for another one . Maybe it will work .
 I bought htis coffee maker online without realizung it was available in local stores . I immediatly called thier customer service and was told they could not reverse the order -LRB- it had been seconds -RRB- but was told to refuse delivery . The item arrived at the USPS and I told the clerk to refuse delivery , which he did electronicly by scanning it in and out again . Well , 5 weeks later and Tassimo has billed my credit card twice and told me they do n't have the item and will not look into tracking . They refuse to credit my account . The customer service I have found to be the worst I have ever had , very unfriendly and not helpful at all . Further more I consider thier actions as fraudulent . Great coffee maker , the very worst in customer support .
 Tasted Tassimo coffee ... I had better flavor from hot dish water.Keurig makes the best coffee ever !!!
 I did n't buy one of these , was just researching it . I wanted to share my experience because those of you consumers who read these reviews will hopefully appreciate what I 've learned . I 'm not a coffee drinker but I love tea and cocoa and especially chai lattes . I thought this machine would be just the thing to create all kinds of lattes without coffee , like chai or maybe fruit-flavored tea lattes . Or perhaps pumpkin spice during the holidays . However , as I have researched the available products , I have seen very little choice in tea and absolutely no indication that chai lattes are or will be available . In fact an email I sent to Tassimo customer service came back with a canned reply that did n't seem to even acknowledge my question and told me to send my `` suggestions '' to their product team.So I 'm afraid I wo n't be buying this machine in spite of it 's promise ; and I 'm also afraid I 'll have to confirm the one reviewer 's comment that there are few tea products available ; and also that customer service is not really interested in helping a potential customer or improving the product . Sorry tea drinkers , you know as well as I do that it 's a Coffee Nation out there , and this is just another symptom .
 what can i say -- i 'm into economics of this tassimo -- the one cup at a time machine -- and have not in 2 months ever wasted a cup of 6 different brands i 've put into the tassimo -- now i drink a cup of something depending on the mood or occasion -- anytime i feel like it -- you should too ... i figured it out a cup of cappincino costs close to $ 3 something a cup -- ok you get to make 10 cups at a cost of $ 10 plus wear and tear of machine -- i think i save more than 2/3 here -- per package of 10 ... you should too ...
 We have had problems with the machine putting the coffee grounds in the cup . After multiple calls to the company and returning the machine three times for repair the problem is still not fixed . The last time they promised a new machine but we ended up with the same defective machine .
 We got this as a wedding gift . It 's fun to make one cup at a time and convient . Although the set up with sitting the filter for a half hour running water through the entire system and getting it set up took over 2 hours . . The tea is not any better than what you can make with a tea bag at home ... The coffee is ok per my brother and fiance . The machine is so loud . . It sounds like a jackhammer . We thought we had done something wrong but that 's apparently how it is ...
 When I purchased my Tassimo from Best Buy , I thought I was getting a premium machine that made authentic cappuccino . Instead , I have to clean the machine after each milk brew with a clear disc and just found out the coffee is made by Maxwell House - the king of average coffee . Definately not worth 169 dollars . Even Martha Stewart Live had an issue making a cup with a Tassimo - it did n't work 2x on live TV.I had a Keurig before the Tassimo and was fed up with making hot chocolate without a k-cup . The range in Keurig is just coffee and tea and definately not worth going back to.I guess I am going back to my French Press
 I bought the Tassimo because I liked the idea of the one-cup coffee thing . I also thought the bar code concept was cool too . I ended up buying my first Tassimo machine , began the cleaning process and when I turned the machine on it sparked and smelled like burning wires . I unplugged it , plugged it back in and it was a no-go . So I returned that one for a second one , only to find that when I began the cleaning process again , no hot water came out and when I called customer service they said the nearest repair center was about 6 hours away from me . Also , the machine was horribly , horribly loud when I turned it on , and when I called the customer service line the guy told me that the machine is just loud . I never got to try the coffee , so I ca n't really say if it was good or not , but if it tastes anything like the way this machine is built , its probably horrible . I 'm just lucky I was able to return it and get my money back .
 Tried it ... yuck ... took it back the next day . Tasted like boiled coffee . Instant coffee is better !
 I bought this and I regret having bought it . I wanted one so I can make my own decaf coffee because my husband does not like decaf . The brands for decaf are very limited . Maxwell house has decaf T-discs and so does Gevalia . Personally I do not like the Gevalia . Neither Giant nor Safeway nor Whole Foods in my area carry the T-discs , of any brand . I have ordered T-discs from the Tassimo site and they take forever to arrive meaning I would have to stock up big time . I ordered some weeks ago and have received a notice telling me they are out of stock and that they will cancel my order if they do n't get stock within 45 days unless I call them up . And this is the Tassimo official website that sold me the Tassimo machine ! I also ordered some of their Suchard hot chocolate discs the first shipment and the hot chocolate did not really taste like chocolate to me -- no wonder , it said in the package it is `` artificially flavored '' . It was weak even though I used the standard cup measurement and , frankly , Swiss Miss and Nestles single-packet cocoas taste tons better and are creamier . The water filters for this machine are expensive and the timer indicator to tell you when to change it seems to tick on even if you have not even used the machine because you have been unable to obtain the coffee . The machine itself is pretty big though it seems smaller because it is narrower in the front but it sticks out more to the back . I am concerned that I have been having a hard time obtaining the T-discs and I 'm beginning to wonder whether I have bought a `` white elephant '' for which I will be unable to find T-discs in the future . I have no problems with the functioning of the machine itself and if you like the coffee offerings , buy it and knock yourself out if you can find someone to supply the T-discs . Personally I have found this entirely too much of a hassle . I have found the T-disc coffee expensive , hard to find , with limited selections for decaf coffee and I bought a Cuisinart 4-cup regular drip coffee maker which is smaller in size and will allow me to buy whatever decaf coffee I choose at a local supermarket . The machine does not have a warming plate so if you forget to pick up your coffee cup right away it will get cold . The machine also will not turn itself off automatically after each use . I did not find the quality of the coffee produced by the Tassimo machine any better or tastier than that of a regular drip coffee maker . There was not the `` foam '' that I am told the Senseo single-cup coffee maker produces and I honestly feel that for my tastes and purposes I wasted my money on this machine . I like Espresso coffee but for that I will buy myself a small italian coffeemaker , the kind you put on the stove top and which produces excellent espresso with the foam . Before you buy this machine think about what kinds of coffee you like , look at the options available in T-discs for decaf and regular coffees and hot chocolate . Oh , I also got their Milka cream hot chocolate and for that one you have to use to T-discs per cup , one which contains the chocolate and the other the cream . I tried that and the end result was not as tasty as the Swiss Miss and Nestles single serve cocoa packets you just add hot water to . It took two operations with the T discs and the results was a cocoa which was not even as creamy as the instant packet time . For regular caffeinated coffee they now have Starbucks T-discs but the Starbucks near me do not carry the T-discs so make sure you know where to get a realiable supply of those and I have not tried it , so I do n't know if the Starbucks T-discs are as good as the regular Starbucks coffee . You will have to find someone who has tried it .
 DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! Have had a senseo for about 6months . i got a tassimo for xmas.It was good to compare the two . No problems whatsoever with the Senseo , nice machine , consistent coffee . Tassimo worked so-so -LRB- no froth in espresso , milk for cappuccino tastes funny , loud noise during op , cheap plastic design , etc. -RRB- for 30days , then nothing ! Cust Svc had me ship it back , $ 40US my cost ! Then wait one month . Only one day after it was returned to me , it did the same thing again !! No coffee , Lts going crazy ... Called Cust Svc for the 4th time !! Spoke with Paula , Judy , Brenda -LRB- supervisor !! -RRB- then Tracy via email ... They ALL said `` send it back again !? '' Whats up with that ?? This is insane !!! Another $ 40 , another 3-4 hrs out of my life for average coffee at best !! I 'm taking it back to Linens & Things for a FULL refund ! This was THE WORST ELECTRONIC EXPERIENCE & HORRIBLE CUST SVC !! DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR $ $ $ ... I 'm fine with the decent coffee from Senseo AND NO PROBLEMS !!!!!!!
 I could n't decide which coffee maker to get , I use the Keurig coffee maker at work with the K-cups and I 'm very happy with it , but wanted to try the Tassimo since it was from Braun - I thought maybe if it caught on there would be more people making the T-disks . Big mistake . I bought the product , brought it home and yuk , the coffee tastes horrible . Reminds me of the Black & Decker one I tried last year with the pods - it tasted like instant coffee . The machine is also much bigger than I thought ... did not look good on the counter . I wrapped it up and brought it back to Best Buy.I then purchased a Keurig system ... wow ... much better coffee . And it has a great selection of coffees and teas . While it does n't do hot chocolate , it 's just as easy to put the kid 's favorite hot chocolate with marshmallows in a cup and run hot water through the Keurig machine . The system is fast and easy to use , just pour filtered water in and it is ready to go in less than a minute . No wasted coffee , no stale coffee and everyone can have their own flavor .
 I bought this machine today based on Imus ' hype and a 20 % off coupon at B.B. & Beyond . I will probably return it within a few days . I like a strong cup with intense flavor and this does n't deliver . I 've been using the Senseo for about a year and am very happy with it -- they sell Dark Roast pods for the Senseo and there is always a nice crema and a fairly intense flavor -- and the Decaf is very good too and I drink that at night . However the concept of many varieties of coffee including espresso and capucino appealed to me so I decided to try the Tassino and have been largely disappointed since the coffee it produces lacks body and is just ok , not great . You can manually reduce the amount of water during brewing to get a stronger brew but that is hit or miss and the end-product is not nearly as good as that from the Senseo . In fairness I have n't tried the Espresso or Capucino pods yet or the Gevalia Crema but doubt that if they are good it will put me over the top because of my disappointment with the basic brew . Mechanically the machine is easy to use and the noise is not much different than the Senseo noise . The best thing about these pod units is convenience and absence of waste -- you only make what you intend to drink -- and with the Senseo you really do get a great tasting cup . Also with the Senseo I like that you use 1 pod for a half cup and 2 for a full cup and that the Senseo pods are cheaper . So unless I try the Crema or the Capucino and am blown away , I will more than likely return the Tassimo within a few days and resume using the Senseo . I will not likely go back to my old French Press method either because I love the convenience of the pod system
 Bought Tassimo for wedding gift for my wife . She tried in in early November 2007 . It 's lights went out and started smoking . Obviously electrical problem with unit . My microwave works fine in this outlet . Sent it back for repair/replace . Braun repaired all at their cost . Nice right ? When it came back I tried it . started running for 5 seconds and lights went out and I let it go a few seconds . I saw smoke coming out of it and felt the plastic housing . VERY HOT ! Would 've caught fire had somebody tried it and not watched it closely . Braun sent a man to my house to pick up the bad unit and promised a brand new one `` right away '' . 2 weeks later it 's not here so I call . They tell me it 's gon na be another week until it even ships . It was backordered , they said . I told them they are on store shelves everywhere I 've seen them ! It 's gon na be the end of January by the time my wife gets a Tassimo that HOPEFULLY works ! Terrible customer service !!!! I 've been so patient , but this is ridiculous . I say they should 've sent a man to my house with a new unit by now ! We 'll see their response to that ! Bottom line , be careful and do n't just assume these small appliances are safe ! Keep an eye on them or you might be calling the fire department ! I 'm glad I got this unit as far as that goes . Someone less savvy in the smell of electrical wire burning smell might have went on getting ready for work and had their kitchen on fire in the meanwhile !
 This is NOT a well designed product . The T-discs need to be punctured to operate properly which is supposed to happen when you close the lid . You 'll spend more time closing and reclosing the lid to get the badly built device to puncture the tdisc than you will enjoying your coffee . I spend minutes every morning cursing this device as I close and reclose the lid.Some mornings the motor just takes the day off and even though the lid punctures , nothing happens except that it gurgles water out of its various holes onto the countertop and then goes to sleep.It 's a cheap plastic badly conceived product that is a lot less simple to use than people on here are making it sound .
 I 'm sorry , but this is hopeless for the following reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It is hot after cooking and with a mit on you can not open it without moving the grease tray , but then grease runs out onto your counter . The part you put your hand on to open it is not real hot compared to the edge but even without a mit the clearance between the grease tray and the place you open it is small and it is real easy to accidentally move it when opening . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The instructions said to cook a large hamburger 8-9 minutes for medium , I tried that , burned to a crisp . I said `` fine '' , and I tried 4 minutes . The hamburger was burned crisp on the surface and medium to rare inside , in other words it is too hot for a hamburger . -LRB- 3 -RRB- And here 's a big one , it is easy to have the extremely hot rear part touch the power cord when putting food into a preheated grill . Obviously this is very dangerous .
 Not only are the element boxes severely cluttered due to the -LRB- oh so politically correct -RRB- labeling in a handful of languages , there are basic grammatical issues with the chart . The legend is labeled `` Legenda '' . The approach to capitalization is perhaps appropriate to some language , but that language is not English.Because everything is labeled in five language , the mnemonic properties of the chart are reduced and diluted . An English-speaking child has to consciously ignore 4/5th of the printed text . This thing is an absurdity and going into the trash .
 This model is hard to clean . The plastic lid has ridges with crevices that trap the pulp , plastic insert for the blade also has nooks and crannies , both pieces need to be soaked and scrubbed with a bottle brush to remove pulp bits . I purchased this model because of the dual hi-lo controls , but they are small and on the bottom left side , rather than more convenient right . Although the motor and the juice spout are stainless steel , the lid and blade insert are brittle clear plastic . It must be this particular model , which did not have a review . The rave customer reviews for other models was the reason I selected a Juiceman . None of them mentioned the hard to clean top and basket.I have been juicing on and off for over 25 years , my Champion is huge and heavy , and my ancient Acme is self contained so needs to be cleaned out every two cups of juice . I have been drinking celery with a little carrot and vine fresh tomato , but the Acme leaves too much unused vegetable , besides , the filter paper is a hassle . I saw the Jack La Lane infomercial where Mrs. La Lane disassembles the pieces and pops them into the dishwasher . The reviews were good , but the Juiceman reviews were better . Never did I ever expect that the Juiceman wouldwould have a design with alot of crevices and be difficult to clean . The Juiceman juice is nice , but shutting off my ancient Acme , reaming out and replacing the paper filter takes 1/8 the time it takes to disassemble , soak and scrub out the Juiceman . I 'm sending mine back . Since I still want a small juicer that expells the pulp , I 'm trusting that Mrs. La Lane would never allow a model that 's diffucult to clean .
 I wanted this mug for hot tea and coffee . I am not satisfied with how it does n't keep my beverages warm for long . They do n't seem to stay warm much longer than my standard ceramic mug . I have a OXO stainless travel mug that does very well . I thought this would be similiar , but nope . Not worth the cost imo .
 It would have been a fine mug if the handle was properly welded to the cup . I got sent a mug with a poor weld . The solder was slightly green , and there was a thick hairline crack visible where the weld should have been . The bad weld was on the top joint of the handle . The bottom weld was done right .
 I bought one and had to return because the craftsmanship is horrible . It is a piece of junk that costs you $ 20 . The SS surface is full of bubbles and the handle was not welded properly . Do not buy !
 Like another reviewer said , poor quality ! welds on the handle are not smooth and look horrible . There are some kind of remnants inside so it rings like a bell when you move it !
 I bought this . But like other people said , I 'm very disappointment . I am not able to refund this despite disappointment because I have to pay UPS transfer fee . Never buy this . I think if you get this , you also feel that it is very waste .
 I bought this grill because of the different plates you can put on . It saves on appliance space in our pantry.GOOD : It cooks waffles , burgers good.BAD : The teflon on the plates was coming off after the first hand washing . We cooked burgers and scrubbing with a sponge made the teflon wear off.The plates can be hard to get on and do n't fit very securely , attached but loose . $ 100 is too much for this item the quality is very poor .
 We received this grill as a gift . We had the Foreman family size white grill -LRB- which was quite a few years old -RRB- and we switched to using this one . My husband took the white foreman grill to work . After trying to use this grill for quite a few months we got rid of it and brought the white foreman back home .1 . It does n't get hot enough .2 . The waffle plates are completely useless , in large part because it does n't get hot enough .3 . The white foreman had a much better surface area and we could cook a lot more at once .4 . I thought the plates coming off would be a great thing , but when they attach they are wiggly and do n't seem very solid -LRB- perhaps this contributes to the `` not hot enough '' -RRB- . Also I did n't find this a much better way to clean it.We like the white family size foreman grill for cooking bacon a whole bunch . This is the best way to cook bacon . We also use it for sandwiches and quesadillas . Also occasional meat -LRB- steaks or some other -RRB- . After many years of use our white foreman grill is losing its non-stick coating and is wearing out , so I am searching through the replacement options.Easiest way to clean a non-detachable plate grill is to wet paper towels , with the grill hot and put them inside . Take more paper towels to protect your hand and wipe the grill out . Do n't let the paper towels get too hot or dry out before wiping -LRB- this is a fast process -RRB- and be careful of the steam generated . Using this method I have n't found the grill that difficult to clean , but then I do n't expect my used appliance to continue looking new .
 My last George Foreman I had been using for about 8 years . I expected something of equal quality . This was NOTHING compared to the old one . The only reason I wanted to get a new one was for the removable plates . I stupidly gave my wonderful George Foreman AND my flat cooktop thingy away to a friend of a friend because I never doubted for a minute this unit would be so horrible ! Now , I am stuck with nothing : -LRB- The plates on this grill are cheaply made.Nothing that has been cooked has cooked right although I 've followed directions and tweeked things here and there.There is no OFF , you simply have to unplug it -LRB- which does n't work for me because where I have mine set up is it 's permanent home and the plug is n't all that close . -RRB- Did I mention the plug is super short so I have to use an extension cord -LRB- everything else reaches , ie
 I received this grill last Christmas -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and the first time I used it I thought there had to be a defect in the grill I had received because I put some salmon on it , closed the lid and the grill did n't heat back up for several minutes resulting in steamed salmon , not grilled salmon . I called the company , they asked me to send it back and then sent me a new one . The second grill had the same issue as the first and that is that it steams everything I put on it instead of grilling it . Now , you know that when you open it up and put cold meat on the grill it HAS to cool it down and you would think that it would kick the thermostat into gear and bring the temperature of the grill back up but you would be wrong . I have n't even tried the waffle or griddle plates and from the reviews I wo n't bother . It 's pretty obvious that it does n't stay hot enough to cook either . The only thing I use it for is panini sandwiches and even those take awhile because of the flaw of this machine . I have one of the very first George Foreman grills and it stays HOT by gosh . The plates do n't come off to wash and it is an awful mess to clean up . To clean the old grill I leave the grill on and let the food burn off . You can wipe most of it off with a paper towel depending upon what you have cooked . I do n't even clean this new grill since I only make paninis ... . I let it burn off too . I would not recommend this grill at all .
 very hard to clean top steak plate . suprised they did n't realize that . Stick to the regular foreman grills , if your looking for easy cleaning.Also , thing smells a lot like plastic when you bring it to high heat with the lid closed to warm it up.Also , it tends to cook things real dry.I think the traditional foreman grills are the best . stick to that .
 Overall this grill does a great job when grilling or any other cooking . What disappoints me terribly is the quality of the plastic handles on the grill plates and the service from the manufacturer when trying to get replacement handles . The handles break like thin glass and to my disappointment they DO NOT secure the grill plates into place with a nice secure , tight fit . Instead the fit is rather sloppy . Because of this sloppy fit my wife and I each watched plates fall out of place and saw the handles shatter like glass . The grill plates were not damaged , just the handles . We thought the plates were securely in place when they were not , so when we lifted the top of grill by its main handle to see if our food was done , the grill plates fell out and the handles on grill plates shattered to pieces . The handles are very cheap and definitely NOT impact resistant . I contacted the manufacturer to get replacement handles and was informed that I could not purchase replacement handles . However , I was told that I could purchase a replacement plate -LRB- which , of course has 2 handles that can be removed -RRB- . So , I purchased a replacement plate and whenever I break a handle , I replace it with a handle from the newest plate that I purchased . Is n't this just plain ridiculously stupid ? But this is the only way I can get 2 new replacement handles . Of course , if I 'm going to keep this grill any length of time , I just know and expect that these inferior handles will keep breaking over time . At some point I 'm certain that the handles will become unavailable , rendering the grill useless and inoperable . The grill itself is made well , but when you make a good product but put cheap , easily breakable parts on it , it 's like having a Mercedes automobile with a glass bumper on it . This is so typical of all products -LRB- especially import products from China , India , and other countries -RRB- we purchase today , unlike the American-made products that our parents bought in the 50 's , 60 's and 70 's and kept for 25 or more years . They worked forever , but perhaps looked a little outdated .
 Here 's a quick tip . If you want to make waffles , buy a waffle maker . It 'll be a lot cheaper and it might even do the job . I 'll admit that to date we have n't used the grill for anything other than making waffles , but that experience has pretty much dulled our enthusiasm for trying much else with this appliance . The instruction booklet says give the waffles 31/2 minutes and then check them . On the first batch , 31/2 was pretty close , or so we thought . After that the cooking time increase to closer to 15 minutes and the big problem is that the top and bottom plates are not at all uniform in temperature . If you like golden brown waffles then you will have to settle for gold on one side and chocolate brown on the other . The unit also generates a lot of heat and other than the front handle , it does n't seem to be very well insulated , dangerous around children . In addition , it comes with a grease drip tray that merely lays in front of the machine . It 's not attached to anything and I can see a great opportunity to coat the kitchen floor with meat drippings . All in all , this has been a disappointment . I fear George 's grill is destined to spend its remaining years hidden in that little cabinet over the fridge .
 Stopped working after a week and just a few uses . Luckily amazon has a great return policy and I returned it hassle free . I exchanged it for a foreman platinum evolve grill that has worked without any issues .
 Does not function well ... waffles cooked unevenly , you have to hold the handle for the entire cook duration to get a semi-even cooking surface . Cook time was double what is in cookbook/instructions ... 1 hour total to make waffles for 6 people . To add insult to injury , my mother purchased it in October so when I went to package it for return today it is no longer eligible for return .
 In my experience the grill works fine . I cooked meat , fish and vegetables . However after less than one month the right screw that allows the upper plate to be opened and closed broke . From inspection it seems that this is an assembly problem -LRB- the screws on the two sides look different for no clear reason -RRB- . I loved the way it cooked but it did n't last long . I hope I can get it substituted .
 First I have to say this unit could be dangerous ! I am contacting GF to let them know that they have units being shipped with exposed chrome handles that have VERY sharp edges that can cut skin if you run a finger along the edge.After reading all of the reviews I expected great things from this grill but have been very disappointed . First I had to use a infrared temperature sensor to get an approximate idea of what the different settings -LRB- 1,2,3 -RRB- correlated to and discovered the plate temperature fluctuates greatly when the unit reaches the desired setting . This temperature fluctuation makes it difficult to predict what kind of cooking time you need . If you are making a panini frequent checking is required . I just cooked some salmon on it and even preheated to the highest setting it had virtually no sear/char . I just ordered the Breville Smart Grill and hope it will pick up where these `` cheap '' grills leave off .
 I was in the market for a waffle maker . I fell in love with the round ones they have in the motels where they serve continental breakfast and I wanted a similar model . Just as I was narrowing down my choice , a friend suggested the Foreman five plate grill . She liked the waffles and the ability to grill meat , make sandwiches , etc. . I should have invited myself over for breakfast first to see first hand.This has been my experience
 I ordered one it smoked and smelled so bad even after washing multiple times and heating up and cooling down multiple times . I liked the design and functionality of it so I called Salton and got good service and they sent me a replacement . The replacement did not smoke this time but the toxic fumes where so strong I had to have the doors and windows open with the vent fan on high . I washed the plates multiple times and again heated it and let it cool multiple times and the fumes never went away . If you can see , smell , or taste chemicals then it is way to toxic for food preparation . Made in China with some dangerous stuff . Thank you to Amazon for taking this toxic thing back .
 After several months of light use , nonstick coating came off the removable plates . We took great care cleaning the plates , strictly adhering to the guides described in the product manual , but this happened anyway . Here is the worst part
 I am a big George Foreman grill fan ; I 've used them for years . I currently have two Foreman grills , one of the small 1-burger models and one of the larger family-sized models . I love them both , aside from how big of a pain they are to clean . I 've had them for years and use them multiple times a week to grill sandwiches , burgers , chicken , and all kinds of yummy things . Anyway , I ordered the G5 `` Next Grilleration '' because I was excited by both the multiple cooking plates and the ability to remove the plates for easy cleaning in the dishwasher . And the red color was really , really cool.The G5 Grill fell short of my expectations . Let 's start out with the grill plates . There are 5 plates , but 2 of them are grill plates , 2 of them are waffle plates , and 1 of them is a baking plate . I was under the impression that I would get 2 grill plates plus the fancy grill plate , then a griddle plus a baking plate . Not so . Anyway , now the burgers do n't have the traditional straight-line grilled look because the top plate has a different shape . Not a big deal , but it also seems to `` steam '' the burger more than grill it . Burgers come out much different than on my other two George Foreman grills . They are n't as much fun to eat because they do n't have that `` grilled '' texture to them as much as the older Foreman grills do . Next , the griddle-baking pan . Nice concept , but the adjustable heat knob does n't really match up to a traditional stovetop . `` High '' is more like `` Medium '' . Which brings up another point , the pictures make the grill look a lot bigger than it is . This is a 1 or 2-person grill . You can do 2 nicely-sized burgers at a time on it . Anyway , I tried the waffle iron multiple times . It does NOT heat evenly . I even gave it a few extra minutes to heat up after the preheat light had gone off . It cooks the middle nicely , but leaves about an inch and a half around all of the edges mushy . It 's a pity , since the waffle plates are nice and big . I was really disappointed by this ; I was hoping to be able to consolidate my kitchen gadgets into one little unit , but the waffle iron just does n't perform very well.There is an extra plate set available for this grill which I also purchased , which is the omelet maker . It 's not a true omelet maker since you just kind of throw the toppings on top of the egg mixture and cook , but it is the ONLY plate that I felt did a good job cooking . The wannabe-omelets actually came out very nicely . So , to recap
 I purchased this grill for $ 129.99 in June 2006 . Within a few months , the non-stick finish on the Steak Plate & Grilling Plate began turning dull & the food began to stick . I was sent replacement plates & the new ones have held up well . However , now the red paint on the back half of the top of the grill is turning black & peeling off.This grill has received only light use & I expected it to last much longer than a year and a half -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- . It is out of warranty & I 'm stuck with it . An expensive disappointment . I 'm glad I still have the original white Foreman grill I bought in 2000 . It received heavier use for a longer period of time & is still in great condition .
 Cooks very well , but coating was almost all gone after onlya few uses . Cleaned only with paper towel and supplied sponge per instructions , but coating went away .
 This GF grill performs well and but for the following I would have given it more stars . The non-stick coating peels off within a year and for some strange reason the people over at George Foreman do not make replacement grill plates . Now with all the concern for the environment , why would I need to dispose of a working product just because I need teflon back on one of my grill plates ? But yet I ca n't buy just the grill plate from the GF people even though this unit still performs ? What a waste and unneccesary expense . George Foreman , get with the times . Save the planet 's resources and our pockets and help us replace your faulty non-stick grill plates buy selling us just the grill plates when our grills are still working . Until then I will NOT buy my FOURTH , yes my 4th ! , GF grill -LRB- which the electronics still work in them -RRB- - just so I will have fresh non-stick coatings instead of peeling Teflon coming off into my food .
 Save your money on this one . I ordered this model to replace a GPR99 -LRB- the jumbo model w/digital -RRB- . When the unit arrived I was very disapointed with the build quality . It did n't come close to my former model . It was very light weight and cheesy looking . Not sure why they exagerated the long handle ; surely that will break . The unit also had a dent in the lid and the surface appeared greasy . -LRB- used ? -RRB- The grill surface is not big enough for two steaks at a time . I returned it to Amazon without a problem and bought another jumbo model locally .
 I found it to be disappointing in the griddle feature . The pancakes would not brown . It would n't get hot enough to fry an egg . For Panini , it only has one plate so the grill marks do n't match.It just does n't get hot enough for true grilling .
 1 . waffle plates do not produce waffles like a regulat waffle iron2 . buiscut or bun plates are the same as waffle plates we do not recomend them .
 I 've had this grill for a few years now . I like that the plates can be removed and put into the dishwasher . My biggest complaint is the fact that it is not even ... the top plate on mine measures 100 degrees -LRB- F -RRB- hotter than the bottom one . So I basically have to keep flipping my burgers or one side will be burned and the other side not cooked enough . Also when I open the lid it basically stops cooking since the bottom plate is n't as hot . I 'm not a big fan of the long drip pan either ... I had a different brand before where it sent everything into one corner and into a little cup ... that was easier to carry and dump than this long , shallow pan . Also I had no luck using this for pancakes . . half sticks to the top , and half sticks to the bottom .
 Loved the removable plates ... cleanup was easier but the non-stick came off after a couple of months in a few places . Very disappointed . Had another really cheap brand and the non-stick did n't give us any problems at all for a couple of years in a few places . We used it for five years . I thought George 's name wld last at least as long . We had the year replacement or refund from wal-wart and returned the item . Do n't know if I 'll ever try George Foreman brand again .
 Ive used this to make paninis , grilled cheese , waffles , pancakes and eggs and it never did cook evenly . One side would be browned and the other still very light . Do n't know if maybe I got a messed up one , but I have stopped using it since it did n't cook anything evenly . Waste of money for me
 I ordered this grill for my parents . The only attachment they use now is the grill . The others have never worked as well . The biggest disappointment is the waffle baker . The temperature does n't get hot enough . The non stick coating is wearing thin really fast .
 I wanted a grill for making myself hamburgers so I looked into the George Foreman line of grills , basically I just wanted any one with removable plates , and this one had 5 of them , and it was `` new and improved '' so I decided to get it . Fatal mistake.First of all the 5 plates are a gimmick marketing trick , you may as well forget about them . 2 of them are the default grill plates that any grill needs to function , then 2 of them are waffle plates which work absolutely horribly , and anyone who used them will back me up on that . And finally the last plate is a baking pan . I have n't used the pan yet , it may be good , but I doubt it.Now what ruins the grill is the top plate of the 2 default grilling plates . It 's impossible to clean . The bottom one has just straight lines and cleans easy , but the top one has little side ridges coming out , these form an angle that traps food and grease and it never comes out . I soaked these edges in dish detergent and warm water for 5 minutes straight , came back , scrubbed them with sponges and paper towels , rinsed it all and ... nothing . The dirt was still trapped in the crevices.If the plates just kept the same design as they had all these years , this grill would easily be 4 stars , but because of this `` new and improved '' top plate it 's hard to even give it 1 star . Let this sink in for a minute , an otherwise great product , completely ruined by a small deviation from an already successful design . Wow . I think the person responsible for adding the side ridges to the top grill has negated all advancements made by mankind in the past few years . It 's unfathomable . Why did they add the side ridges ? If they tested it even once they would immediately revert back to the old design.Anyway if you have a dishwasher maybe it can clean this plate , but this thing is n't that big , you can only make a burger or 2 max at a time , are you going to fire up the dishwasher just for making 1 burger?This misconceived abomination of a plate has caused me to reevaluate my morals and outlooks on life . If anyone has any guidance relating to this plate or a suggestion for a good small top counter grill that cleans easy , please leave a comment .
 I have a couple of older smaller George Foreman grills that I really like , but this one is very disappointing . I should have returned it . It does not get hot enough to cook waffles , which is what I was specifically looking for , and it is slow on meat as well - does n't brown it . Probably a defective unit .
 I ordered this item a little over a month ago and tried it right when it came . It worked fine and I thought what a neat little grill . I pulled it out last night to grill some chicken breasts and noticed that the 'til t ' mechanism was n't locking in place but it was n't a big deal because I needed it tilted so the grease would drip out . I assumed it had some mechanism that if you had the grill plates in place it forced the tilt . After cleaning the device and removing the grill plates I checked to see if I could get it to be level -LRB- which you need for waffles , omelets , etc -RRB- . sure enough the spring is broken ! I tried to return it to Amazon but I 'm a week past the return window :-LRB- I 'll see if George Foreman stands by the grill or if I have a hundred dollar hunk of junk .
 I purchased the grill December 11 2009 The nonstick surface no longer works on the grill , so clean up is very difficult . Today 's date is May 19 2010 this sucks because I purchased this grill based on customers reviews . 5 months use is terrible performance . I had a Foreman grill that some one gave me and it the surface worked grate for one year and six months . The grill did not have removable plates and was in the $ 39 price range . I was looking forward to long term usefulness from this grill I purchased all the extra plates available . The quality control for this product is sourly lacking or the consumer reviews are exaggerated . I know that nonstick coatings vary greatly based on the process used . Clearly the coating on the Gorge Foreman grill is inferior and not a premium coating . Premium nonstick coatings last for many years with out fail .
 This grill works but after a year of usage , the plates are very difficult to clean -LRB- loss of non-stick ability -RRB- . Looking back , I wish I would have purchased the warranty service because without the plates , its worthless . I only use the grill plates and its getting more and more difficult to clean them . I attempted to purchase a replacement but Foreman doesnt offer them . A good way to keep the profits flowing in , I guess . When it comes time , Im going to purchase a non-Foreman grill out of principle .
 As noted by other buyers , all the plates are loosely held . As a matter of fact , one of the plate did n't even hold and my first try at grilling fell onto the floor as I was using the side handle to maneuver the machine . I have spoken with customer support and reported this incident . They also realize other customer reported this same issue . They are sending out a replacement order . I will wait and see if this also has the same defect.Just received replacement item today and still has the same defect . Also spoke with customer support and they are saying customers have also called in reporting the same problem . Why would anyone knowingly sell a defective product that posses a serious hazard ? I see a lawsuit in the making if anyone gets hurt.Will be returning defective item .
 While the grill is very useful and handy , the non-stick coating chips off after a while , even after very careful cleaning . I wonder where all the chips have gone . At this point I am now picking them off my food ! I 'm sure I must have eaten some of them by now . This is , by far , my biggest complaint with the grill.The other problem is that the outer edges are not as hot as the center , which is frustrating if you are grilling a large steak or two chicken breasts at one time . You have to flip and rotate the meat very creatively . And , unfortunately , it does n't always stay as hot as it needs to be , so I end up steaming the meat half the time instead of really grilling it . Steaks that are cut thin are okay , but thick steaks ... forget about it . Getting an even cook can be very difficult.This is an item that you buy out of convenience , but should not expect great results . The non-stick coating is a major problem in my opinion , especially considering it has been proven that non-stick/teflon coatings are known carcinogens . At the end of the day , I would suggest using this very sparingly and , instead , learn to pan sear your meat in a pan on the stove .
 Have owned George Foreman GRP90 for over a year and am now replacing it because the finish on the plates has eroded . Followed manufacturer 's directions for cleaning . When I put the plates in the dishwasher they came out rusty -- a first with any metal object I put in the dishwasher , much less one with supposedly nonstick finish . The nonstick finish , in fact , was never non stick . I will say that it did the cooking job , but the difficulty in cleaning it made it a frustrating experience . Now , with the finish gone , It can not be cleaned well enough to use . Another problem
 George has been doing this a long time , and it has been many years since he fell flat on his face . But mark your calendar
 We were excited to receive this grill as a gift , and had high hopes for it . Upon opening the box , we found that the cord is VERY short . You actually have to put the grill right in front of an outlet to use it , and even in a larger apartment , that 's not always possible . After plugging it in , we turned it on and waited , and waited ... it never heated up . We had a lemon . We returned it to the store.Second grill . Same short cord . We WASHED THE GRILL PLATES , and plugged it in , turned it on , just to try it out . It worked ! But ... it had this very chemical smell to it , after just seconds of being on medium heat . I unplugged it and mentioned the smell to my husband . The next day he tried making a sandwich on it -LRB- medium heat -RRB- without preheating it . Immediately it began flooding our apartment with a strong smell that he likened to burning plastic . We shut it off , cleaned it up , and intend to return it . It took hours of airing out our entire apartment to get the smell out . We did n't feel it was worth the risk with small children in the home .
 Looks great . Love the handle that can be used without getting burned . But , for a 5-plate interchangeable thing , there are n't really 5 things you can do with it . Yes , you can make waffles . And , you can cook a steak and chicken . But , if you try a panini , it not only looks really weird given the top -LRB- god-awful-to-clean -RRB- plate , it does n't melt and cook equally all the way through . So , if you need something to get rid of fat when you do hamburgers or steak , go for it -LRB- or a way less expensive version that takes up less space -RRB- . If you want it to be a multi-purpose griller to make breakfast , lunch and dinner , look elsewhere .
 I have had three other Foreman grills ... loves em all . This one is just awfull compared to the others . I would n't paay more than $ 10 fore something this poorly made . * It is very cheaply made . * It does not heat evenly . * It does n't get hot enough .
 CHICKEN , PORK CHOPS , HAMBURGS all great - be careful to not overcook as it 's easy to dry meats out . HOWEVER , I 've had trouble adjusting the tilt lever . It wo n't stay in place & seems `` locked '' in the tilt mode . Also , after 5 uses the red light power indicator does n't work so I 'll send it back . Two strikes and your out !
 Very disappointed with this George Foreman grill . The paint is actually peeling off on all of the plates I am using with it . This is despite it being `` dishwasher safe '' . I called their warranty department 3 months ago for replacement plates and I STILL have n't seen them delivered . Last time I called , they claimed they were on `` backorder . '' Either lots of people are having this problem , or they are completely incompetent.That said , the grill cooks fantastically . I love cooking on it . If only the coating did n't peel ... and if only the warranty was actually a warranty .
 I read a great deal of positive comments about this product , but when I used it , the bottom grill just does n't get the job done . Waffles were never cooked through and inedible . We tried cooking a steak , and the bottom grill never got hot enough . Very disappointing product .
 I had one of these , though I did n't buy it from amazon.com . I recently tossed it out as it did n't live up to expectations . The nonstick coating does n't work well and after washing there is often a white residue on the exposed aluminum on the back . When this first happened , I thought it was due to the dishwasher detergent -LRB- though it 's supposedly dishwasher safe -RRB- . It still happens when hand washing with Dawn dish soap . Also , steel plates would heat more evenly than the aluminum which is used . Lastly , it smells odd when cooking , making the food smell less appetizing . I plan on replacing it with a Zojurishi electric grill since I 've had nothing but good experience with that brand . I 'll have to turn food over to cook both sides , but that 's not difficult and it has a cast iron grill for even heating .
 My first use of this defective , poorly constructed grill was a disaster . I futzed around for 20 minutes before I could get the removable plates to fit and latch , and even then the attachment was far from secure . I prepared my standard , tried and true , waffle batter , warmed up the G5 until the light went out , and added the batter . The waffled cooked fine , in a reasonable time , but stuck to the grill like there was Gorilla Glue in the batter -LRB- see picture -RRB- . It took a half-hour to scrape the grill plates clean with the useless , little plastic spatulas supplied with the grill . By the time I was done , the family had made peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for breakfast.It 's definitly NOT a fat reducing grill if you have to grease it every time you use it , and calling it non-stick is clearly fraudulent advertusing !! I 'll eat toaster waffles before I use this again !
 I had high hopes given the utility of the original grill . This one does not work well . Waffles are impossible and it takes twice the time to cook anything !
 I purchased george Forman grp90wgr grill , it ca n't copare to my old little forman grill . i tried cooking steak and was horrible it ca n't compare to my old grill . Dont buy this grill , i wish someone would have informed before i bought this hunk of junk .
 Bought it as a gift for a friend and he had to sell the grill as it did not work out for him . the waffles did not turn out good apparently
 I bought this newest version in January 2012 , wanting to `` upgrade '' my original G.F. grill . I thought it would bring all the cooking ability from the original G.F. grill -LRB- which I still own -RRB- yet have the added benefit of being compact , lighter , and easy to clean . WRONG !! We have been so disappointed by the lack of cooking quality with this new grill that I went back to using my original George Foreman grill from over 15 years ago . The new grill cooks slowly , inconsistently ; beef is impossible to do medium rare , and pancakes are often raw , stick to the `` non-stick '' surface , and lack the golden brown hue . However , my ORIGINAL George Foreman grill , although big , bulky , and hard to clean , cooks pancakes perfectly and beautifully every time . My original grill can cook chicken and salmon quickly , thoroughly and the beef is easy to cook at a medium rare . Sorry , George . You REALLY missed the boat on this new `` improved '' version . We 'll stick with my 15 + year original that works like a beauty - even my teenage daughter wants her own ORIGINAL G.F. grill and not this junky waste of money .
 I love/hate this grill.Love : The plates are interchangeableI can pop the plates out and put them in the dishwasher -LRB- main thing I love -RRB- Hate : The plates wiggle when snapped inIt is bulky , and takes up at least twice as much room in my cabinets than my previous George Foreman grill due to all the plates that do n't nest or stack at all in the cabinetIt gets hotter on the outside than my previous George Foreman , and the 1 , 2 , 3 temperature dial is definitely a step down from my previous one that had a digital temperature setting - although they do n't make that model anymoreI just do n't know if the fact that I can put the plates in the dishwasher makes up for the bulky mess it makes in my cabinet and that is does n't feel very sturdy despite being heavy . I wish I could have my old grill back , but it sadly no longer works and the model is no longer made .
 I have only had this product 31/2 months and it has quit working . I dont have any idea how to get it replaced since it was shipped from Amazon . It did a great job when it was working but now it has no power . Its a shame it wont last longer then this
 I 'm a big George Foreman product fan - I 've worn out two Fusion grills and I 'm on my 3rd , but this grill is mechanically inferior . The plates do not seem to lock in securely , which I believe is the reason that it does n't heat up properly . The recommended cooking time for waffels is 3 - 5 minutes . I cooked my first one for almost 10 minutes and it still was n't brown . Today , after making sure the plates were fastened as securely as possible , I used it again and the results were the same . Since I bought it primarily to cook waffels , I 'm returning it .
 I must have gotten caught up in the hype and bought this machine . What a BIG mistake that was ! Burgers came out looking like a gray glob of something with no grill marks . Threw them away . Tried waffles and found they were cooked unevenly , were soggy , so threw them away too . But , I wo n't throw this grill away . I will give it to the first person who wants it and I 'll pay the damn shipping!Good luck !
 I was in love with this for a couple of months . It weighs a lot . It is hard to store . Once the novelty wore off , I went back to how I normally cook . Fat draining was n't my problem before I bought . Grey meat was quite unappetizing.I have avoided buying one of these grills for years . After 3 waffle makers , and looking at new ones for the same price as this multi-function grill , I decided to go ahead . Amazing ... I really like it . Bacon has never been easier to make . Steaks come out great . Waffles are perfect . I guess it 's one of my most successful buys . I do wish it could lie flat so I could make pancakes .
 I owned a George Foreman Grill previous to this one . The only thing I did n't like about it was the grill plates were n't removable . I was very excited to replace it with this one so I could more easily wash the grill.I have NOT been happy . The top grill plate started sticking to food shortly after I started using it . Now when I grill anything , I open the grill and the food either sticks to the top grill or comes tumbling down and out of the grill.The waffle and flat grill are worthless for waffle and pancakes . It does n't get hot enough to make pancakes quickly . It takes 30 minutes to make 9 pancakes . Waffles have never come out in one piece , half sticks to the top plate and half to the bottom plate no matter how long I cook them.Another appliance for the garage sale .
 Amazon seems to have a bad shipment of these grills.The first one I ordered arrived with one plate that had all four corners chipped off and another plate with non-stick coating flaking off . It also had the Styrofoam packaging between the plates partially melted . I returned it for a second grill . The second grill had a broken tilt-lock mechanism and the grill would rock from flat to tilt mode every time I closed the top down . The second grill also had rust along the handle were it met the rubber hand-grip . I finally gave up and asked for my refund . I wasted 3 weeks of wait-time and two trips to the post office to return the units.The good news is that Amazon automated customer support was easy to use to ship these units back -LRB- at Amazon 's expense -RRB- . I ended up buying the Breville BGR400XL Ikon 1800-Watt grill from Bed Bath and Beyond . They were selling it for ~ $ 100 and I could use a 20 % - off coupon by ordering via phone from a store for direct delivery to my home . The Ikon grill has much better construction , higher steak searing temperature , and is able to grill and melt because the height of the top plate can be optionally set to 4 different settings so the top plate need not touch the food . It still has the adjustable tilt and floating top grill features of the Forman G5 grill . It however does not have waffle plates .
 I , too , expected that this grill would be the same quality as other George Foreman products that I 've used . Sadly , the plates fit poorly , heat unevenly , and have lost their `` nonstick '' coating in less than three months.It 's just plain awful .
 The price is fair , the unit is awkward . Clean up is on the one hand easy due to the removable grills , however upon opening the top grill after use , the drippings fall behind the unit making for difficult clean up.The unit functions well enough , better in ways the former ones failed to .
 Thought this would be perfect - but it took a long time to heat , and top never got hot enough to cook . Disappointed !
 I bought this because like so many others I hated cleaning the old fixed plate Foreman grills . When my parents bought one with removable plates -LRB- not the G5 -RRB- and I saw how easy it was to clean , I knew I wanted one . When I saw the `` new and improved '' G5 on sale I went for it . I thought it would be even better . I was wrong.The G5 comes with 5 removable plates , 4 of them are a breeze to clean in the sink . 1 is impossible . The Top Plate used with both the grilling and griddle bottoms is flawed . Whatever idiot designed the G5 decided it would be a neat idea to add little side ridges to the main ridges on the upper plate . While this may give an approximation of diamond grill marks without turning the food , it also creates about a hundred little recessed corners that catch food and will not clean . It is a horrible design , the little slotted sponge does nothing to help . After seeing how easily plates without the extra side ridges clean , I can not begin to understand why they changed it . I even wrote to salton about buying a replacement top plate with just the straight ridges , but they said they do n't make one.In the end I had to give the G5 to my parents . It works better for them since they have a dishwasher . The concentrated sprays of the dishwasher reach the nooks and crannies that fingers and sponges can not . I gave the G5 2 stars , not the worst since it does work if you have a dishwasher , but far down for the assinine design change of the top plate . If you wash dishes by hand , you definitly want to look at something else .
 I sent it back ! It is poor quality and does n't heat up as hot as one would expect . I guess I was expecting too much for the price .
 I 've had this grill for about a year and a half . I use it regularly and I think it has a couple major flaws.The `` Steak Plate '' for the top has a kind of cross hatch pattern that is extremely difficult to clean . It ends up with carbonized food in the corners that is nearly impossible to get completely clean . The plates will go in the dishwasher , but the top one still does n't come clean.The bottom plate is the traditional straight grill that my previous George Foreman grill came with and it is n't a problem . Unfortunately there is n't a straight plate to use on the top.The second complaint I have is the heat adjustment . It worked poorly to start with , heat adjustment did n't have very fine control . Recently while cleaning the adjustment knob fell apart . I was able to put it back together , but something internally is n't right and the adjustment only turns about 1/4 turn.I like the color , the size , the handles and the concept , but the product has a couple major design flaws .
 I am sure this is a good grill . However , it arrived with the clips for both grill plates broken . So it was unusable . I have n't heard back from Amazon on how to rectify this situation .
 My plates would not lock in securely and the levelling lock did not work at all . Had no choice but to return it !
 When I first opened the outer box from Amazon the chemical stench almost knocked me over . I had n't even opened the product 's box and the smell was making me ill . This grill has an awful plastic/rubber synthetic smell . I opened the packaging -LRB- and my windows -RRB- and threw away all the packing materials , hoping they were the source of the awful stench . Then I put all the removable plates in the dishwasher and ran them through a cycle to make sure they were clean . Still the smell persisted . I started using the grill hoping that the smell would go away after it had been through a few heating/cooling cycles . A month and a half-dozen uses later the smell still persists.As far as the grill goes , without the stench it would be a mediocre 3 stars . If there was a top plate with the regular wavy pattern that the bottom has , it would maybe get 4 stars . There is only 1 top plate that can be used to grill food , which has the fancy herringbone type pattern to make your food look more appealing . The complex pattern makes it a nightmare to get clean , requiring tedious hand scrubbing . The non-stick coating must not be very good , none of the plates will come clean in the dishwasher after cooking a chicken breast or steak . I have n't tried making waffles yet , that really was n't a feature I was interested in.I 've been a fan of the Foreman grills for years , as they are great for a single person or couple . I was hoping that the removable plates would remedy my pet peeve with the regular grills - the hassle of cleaning them . Unfortunately it does n't really help , the plates are harder to get clean than the regular grill so I did n't gain anything . I have gone back to using my old fixed-plate Foreman grill , at least it does n't make me gag when I pull it out of the cupboard .
 This grill is bigger than a laptop computer and weighs as much as two gallons of milk . The changeable plates sound like a good idea but they are at best cumbersome and require dedicated storage space . After two weeks of staring at the beast I sold it . I will stick to my original Foreman grill .
 LIKE MOST OF YOU I THOUGHT THAT MAYBE IT MIGHT NOT HAPPEN TO ME BUT ... THIS PRODUCT WAS MADE CHEAPLY AND I DID NOT LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS . THE KNOB BROKE OFF AFTER A FEW MONTHS OF OWNING IT AND I MAYBE USED IT ONCE A WEEK . NOW IT IS TOO LATE TO RETURN AND THE ONLY WAY I CAN USE IT IS WITH A PLIERS TO TURN THE KNOB . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !! SPEND THE EXTRA FEW BUCKS AND GET A DELONGHI OR SOMETHING ... THAT IS WHAT I HAVE TO DO NOW : o -LRB-
 I had to return this one because is too small for me and too many plates . But i like the GRP99 grill , it the right size and it has a digital temp control and timer . I only need it for a hamburger , if you use it for more than one purpose , get the RED one .
 This is the fifth Foreman Grill that I have owned . It is the most versatile but it is much more cheaply constructed than any of the earlier versions . The enclosed cook book , paticularly in light of the versatility is a joke with only 7 recipies while the previous grills came with very nice and complete recipe books . And there is NO information on how to best utilize the various plates . What a shame to develop and sell five different plates - a great idea - but then leave it to the imagination of the consumer to how to use each of these plates - a very bad idea.I will certainly not recommend this product to others . I look forward to Foreman offering alternative plates to the previous Next Generation Grill which is a much better product . But maybe they have just decided to milk the brand and we will not see any improvements or accessories for the real superb Next Generation
 Looked good , read some reviews that sounded good , so I ordered it . Right out of the box 2 screws fell out of the unit and something was rattling around in the bottom - below the sealed heating element.In addition to the unit being defective `` out of the box '' , I was not at all impressed by the design , especially the plastic base the grill is attached to.Returned this unit , did more research & bought the Cuisinart . Cooking surface is a little smaller , however the unit also has changeable grill plates , is MUCH sturdier , and has more temperature conrtol options . For the same price .
 Trash . Spindly . Poor Quality . DO NOT BUYHandles on two plates broken when delivered . Have to pay for shipment back.Cheap way to do business and this fiasco just put the end of my buying stuff from Amazon . And I have been a loyal customer for years , NO MORE
 I bought this after reading the excellent reviews and was nothing but disappointed in the product . The lid when opened was crooked , the whole item wobbled on my counter -LRB- my counters are level , I checked -RRB- , the plates were rough . I could n't figure how they could be non-stick . I returned the item before I even plugged it in .
 This is about the worst kitchen appliance I have ever purchased.I should have bought it at a retailer that will take back a product thatis not a good product , after using it a few times.DO NOT waste your $ 130 .
 I PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT LOOKING FOR AN INDOOR GRILL TO REPLACE A HAMILTON BEACH GRILL I LOVED.THIS IS JUST A REMAKE OF THE OLD OLD HAMBURGER GRILLERS THAT MAKE THE OUT SIDE LIKE SHOE LEATHER AND THE INSIDE IS OK .
 this item is simply the worst piece of junk you 'll ever blow 100 + bux on!I 'm too pissed off at it to write any details at this time!Gary Weir
 I WO N'T ORDER IT NOW !!! AN $ 80 PRICE JUMP UPWARD IN 3 OR 4 DAYS ??? WHATS THE DEAL ?
 Great grill and I love the separate attachments for different grilling . My partner 's crazy about it but I can never quite get used to the fact it 's somewhat awkward . And , let 's face it . While clean-up is n't a major chore , there 's still clean-up , so I 'm not sure where all the claims of it being so low maintenance come from.The main problem I have with this appliance however is the fact the power cord is short . Like REALLY SHORT . The full length of the cord is less than 2 ft. but remember a portion of that goes under the appliance . You 're going to have problems with this grill if a power outlet is not directly at and unobscured from the counter top . That 's a problem for most of us when you want to place the grill to cook under the stove vent hood.Very poor design which hopefully will be considered for improvement .
 Purchased at Target for $ 100 2 years ago . I recently donated what was left of my GRP90WGR because it was not working out . Here are the following problems I encountered : - After 6 months , one of the hinges broke . And I lost my warranty card so could not try to get a replacement . Basically only one hinge worked for the next year and I just had to make due.-Too much storage space required
 I 've had this grill for a few years , but only took it out rarely since it was so bulky . I was planning on making waffle treats for the holidays and half-way through baking , the machine just turned off and never turned on again . I had already regretted the purchase since there are so many interchangeable plates , the grill with plates took up a entire shelf of my pantry . I 'm in an apartment short on space so this was a major inconvenience . Previously I would have only recommended it for someone who has plenty of counter and storage space , now I do n't recommend it at all .
 So disappointing ... I would have thought that after years of developing an appliance like this that the manufacturers and developers would have put a little quality into the item . Apparently not . It is plasticized , , hinges squeak horribly , and the drip tray is a plastic tray you sit on the counter in front of the grill ... no sliding action , no hidden tray , just a plastic , what could be dangerously hot , grease filled tray , sitting on the counter . I am dumbfounded at the cheapness of this product . I would not expect a lot more for a hundred dollars , but I do hope my review saves someone else from spending their hard earned money on this.It cooks fine . The design I am sure suits some people . However , I know what quality is and this is not close . Sorry .
 I ordered two of these items , mine was scratched and the handle bent . My daughters smoked and had a smell to it . If these are factory rejects , should n't Amazon.com have to say so in their descriptions ? I 'm not saying this against George Foreman ... but I do n't appreciate purchasing two of these , and both having problems . Makes on think .
 We have n't used it yet , in fact we were going to return it , but the loss was too much -LRB- shipping back plus original `` free '' shipping charge back -RRB- . The plates do not fit well , very poor quality . The plate handles do n't hold well . The handles hit when unit is closed for storage . The linkage for the forward lean mechanism is very loose . The red finish on the top is n't that good either . Very dissapointed .
 This is about Salton 's customer service , not this particular grill . I purchased a similar item -LRB- see my review of the Foreman GRP99 elsewhere , and also note that many customers were treated just as shabbily by Salton as I was . Or worse -RRB- . And note that many GRP99s did a meltdown -LRB- among other things -RRB- . I 'm quite puzzled that some do n't find it helpful to know that a vendor is completely indifferent to customer complaints.SALTON IS THE WORST THAT I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED .
 I was very dissappointed in this machine for several reasons . First , you can not put two fish steaks , beef steaks or any other kind of meat side-by-side if they are not the exact same thickness . The thicker piece will cook and the other will not . The thicker piece keeps the top grill from contacting the thinner piece of meat.Also , the grill just does not get hot enough to really sear a piece of meat properly . This is probably a safety issue.I plan to continue using it , but only for limited applications
 I bought this appliance and found this to be failing the thing i dislike is the heat do n't get hot enough the stakes get poor the waffles are rubbery and look the same we have found some stuff that it is ok but little save your money this is a do n't buy ccw
 What a piece of garbage ! wobbly plates , shoddy construction.The handles on the plate barely hold them to the grill body . The main grill plates -LRB- with the lines -RRB- broke in the first week.This thing makes me sad to look at it , should have sent it back right away , now we are looking at getting another brand and this POS is going where it belongs - the recycling center.Way to go , whoever you are that makes this crap . Geo Forman is LHMFAO right now . Stupid white people , paying good money for garbage ... The GF brand is not only dead to me but , like Sony , I shall proselytize their awfulness to the heights .
 This is my 3rd GF Grill . I bought this unit in 2010 and have used it since then . From day 1 , the top plate was a nightmare to clean ! There are around 300 nooks and cranny 's on this plate and so cleaning it can take an hour ! After over 2 years of usage , it drives me nuts . So much so , that I 'm about to get rid of this unit and buy something different.It works well enough as a grill , but cleaning that top plate is a very lengthy chore !!! You 've been warned .
 I was very disappointed with this grill . Initially it worked well , though the top grill plate proved to be quite difficult to clean . It 's altered from the typical George Forman style , with extra metal bits between the grooves . I suppose these bits improve heat conductivity somehow , but they are also great at collecting gunk over time . Overall , any potential conductivity benefits are completely eradicated by the added frustration and inconvenience of additional cleaning time and effort.Additionally , the non-stick coating on this particular model is different than other Foreman models that I 've owned before and since . It started to chip away a few months in , to the point where large chicken breasts would get stuck to the top lid when I opened it , only to plop down and bounce off the counter . I had to resort to using cooking spray after a while , which added to the gunk accumulation and increased cooking time even further.Needless to say , I do not recommend this grill . I have since purchased and have been much , much happier with this model : George Foreman GRP99 Next Generation Grill with Nonstick Removable Plates
 I was disappointed in this George Foreman grill . It does n't brown the meat and only makes `` grill lines '' . The food does not have a good taste nor does it look appetizing .
 Note
 Based on the great reviews this GF grill had been getting and our experience with the original GF grill we owned , we made the $ 130 plunge and bought this grill and unfortunately , it has been a big disappointment . We do n't use it any more as the food always had a Teflon taste -LRB- yes we washed before using -RRB- . The changeable plates seemed like a great idea , but they do take up a lot of storage as does the GF grill . We had problems with the unit heating unevenly .
 I bought this item , dreaming about making the best grilled cheese & panini sandwiches ever !!! TOO BAD !! This small appliance takes quite a while to warm up , and never reaches a high enough temperature to toast the bread , before the cheese is melted all over the place ! Just about the opposite is true of waffles , using this appliance !! They come out really crunchy , but not retaining enough heat to melt the butter !!! GEORGE - WHAT WERE YOU THINKING !?!?! DID YOU TEST THIS THING OUT ??!! ACK !! THE GRILL WORKS , THOUGH ...
 Had an original unit from a yard sale and loved it , but I wanted a larger , more versatile grill . Bought the G5 unit when it first hit the market in 2006 . . Paid 103.99 , plus $ 30 for the omelet plates.No matter what meat or veggie I cooked with the steak plates , it stuck . Waited for the green light to go out - check , cooking spray - check , no cooking spray - check , triple-check the correct temp setting as listed in provided cookbook - check , thawed - check , frozen - check . Oh well.Waffle plates do not heat evenly , the sides are undercooked and the middle crisped.The baking pan actually works well for pizza , biscuits , pancakes , etc.The omelet pans worked great , even made brownies and individual cakes in them.Bought this instead of the Cuisnart that opens 180 degrees as the plates are interchangeable and can be placed in the microwave . Big mistake.I used the G5 off and on over the last three years . A couple weeks ago I pulled it out to cook a quick grilled sandwhich , the top was toasted and the bottom barely melted the butter . I thought I did n't have the plate attached properly . Next morning I was using the G5 for some bacon while I used the 4 stove burners for other things . After 15 minutes the bacon was still not done . The handle gave me a mild shock . Hmm.Being out of warranty I just wanted it repaired . Website lists no service centers . After waiting for 1 week without an email reply from customer service , I called and was disconnected several times before speaking with a woman who informed me there are no repair centers , applica -LRB- owns Salton -RRB- does n't supply parts , diagrams or assistance to DYI folks or local electronics repair . Basically , if it breaks out of warranty , you throw it away and buy a new unit . They did offer me a special price on a new unit
 Hopefully the manufacturer pays attention to the reviews . We have loved having our GF grill since 2008 but I refuse to buy another grill because they do not manufacture spares of the most used plate ! The Teflon coating on the bottom has started to peel off making it a hazard . Part Number 22741 is the bottom plate but oddly is not listed on the GF replacement part site you find in the manual - http://directpartsandproducts -LRB- dot -RRB- com/indoor-grills-grp 90wgr-c-61_171_1017_1029_1033 . htmlEven thought they still are making this grill it appears there are no replacement parts of the most used parts ! Guess I will have `` waffled '' steaks until I can get a replacement or until I toss the unit into the dumpster - what a waste !
 I loved my old , original Foreman grill and wanted to enlarge . I was very disappointed because it will not get HOT enough and the waffles were soft from lack of heat . I would not recommend it . . unless I did get a `` lemon ''
 Well it 's an okay paperweight . Other than that , it just did n't work . I set the clock , then the alarm , and then tried the radio . No sound . Perhaps no radio , but not even static ? And when the alarm should have gone off , and the alarm icon disappeared , it had to be the speaker.I called the 800 # , and I was going to be responsible for mailing it back . That would be $ 5.97 for a $ 15 item.It does n't come with the batteries , and I 'll guarantee that most people do n't have AAA batteries around the house . I have only one other thing in the house that takes triple A batteries . * It now sits in my electronic recycling bin waiting for the October pickup.One chuckle
 I was disappointed in the quality of this clock . Timex has really gone downhill . Within 6 weeks the snooze stopped working . Radio reception is pretty poor . Not very well made .
 We woke up late two days in a row because of this alarm clock . In disbelief , the third day we woke up early and stared at the alarm clock as it breezed through the set alarm-time without making a sound , or registering that it had missed the alarm time.To add insult to injury , the clock misses alarms only when we set the alarm for intervals longer than an hour . A two-minute to one-hour alarm test works fine . When we set it for longer intervals , it wo n't ring . All indicators appear to be correct -LRB- bell sign if using the radio , z sign if using the buzzer , pm indicator where appropriate -RRB- . It just does n't ring.The radio works fine , the clock works fine , the night light works fine . But what 's the point , if the alarm wo n't work ? This item goes back to the store .
 Not wanting to drain my iPhone batteries when out of town and needing an alarm to wake me the next morning , I thought this travel alarm could be a handy alternative.Nope.Not sure what they were thinking when they designed this , but you ca n't use the radio and the alarm at the same time , which is the pits if you like to fall asleep listening to music . And worse , the alarm is not reliable . I 've had several instances now where it does n't go off at the appointed time . Yes , I checked to make sure I was setting AM instead of PM , but to no avail . It 's not rocket science you know , and I have managed more complicated things -LRB- like raising teenage boys -RRB- , yet this alludes me . I 'm going to write it off as a manufacturing flaw , and not my inability to conquer a little box with an LED display.This is not Timex 's finest hour . Pun intended .
 I 'm going to keep this short . This alarm clock loses about a hour in a week . You 'd be better off with a sundial . If you would really like one of these , do n't buy it from Amazon - look in the dumpster behind my office .
 I bought this as a travel clock radio . However , when you go to bed at night you can not have the radio on if you wish to set the alarm ! It has one sliding switch which operates both the radio and alarm . While the radio works okay for such a small item and the alarm seems dependable , it is not that useful if you can not use both together .
 Had to return this clock . Put in batteries and it worked for about 2 seconds and went off . I was surprised because I have never before had a problem with a Timex product . Must have just been a lemon .
 I was given this for Christmas . The radio works , but I have never been able to get anything to appear on the screen , so I ca n't use it as a clock or an alarm . Not worth the cost of sending back for the price that was paid . I read many other negative reviews , but none with the same problem as mine . Remember ... you get what you paid for ... Spend a few extra bucks for better quality .
 Radio dial is too small to -LRB- a -RRB- use -LRB- b -RRB- read -LRB- c -RRB- setHave yet to pick up local station ... do n't know if it is signal or I am not dialing the right frequency
 It 's too late to return , but I 'm thinking about throwing away . Sound is really tinny and bad . Buy something else .
 SORRY TO SAY RECEIVED TRIED IT ON OUR TRIP , KEPT TIME BUT NO ALARM AND NO RADIO . I WOULD HAVE TO PAY $ 6.00 AND POSTAGE TO RETURN A $ 20.00 ITEM . SORRY I PURCHASED.MYRON ROSENSTEIN -- wingspaa@aol.com PO BOX 6608 SPRING HILL FL 34608-7410
 The radio signal is bad quality in my location . The alarm volume is only one level and not loud enough to wake up a heavy sleeper . I had it for two years before the screen went blank .
 Volume control would only affect the radio , and not the buzzer . But unfortunately , both the buzzer and radio would play , even if the alarm was set to wake me to the radio . Returned this and went with the Aiwa FRAP77 battery alarm clock . No problems with the latter at all . Product would otherwise be fine for someone who would not mind this odd glitch .
 The radio never worked and the light only worked for 2 weeks . It is a very bad product . Do not buy .
 Being a bit of an old fart , I grew up trusting the brand name Timex -- inexpensive , no frills , and reliable . No more . I 've had this clock less than six months and it can no longer be read -- the numerals have turned to gibberish . Fresh batteries made no difference , nor did shutting it off and restarting , nor did slamming it against the table top . Piece of crap .
 My husband owned the exact same clock for at least the last 15 years until he dropped it and the time display would only show partial numbers which made it hard to use . I decided to purchase the same one since it 's still available and wo n't have to go through the process of figuring out a new one . However , we put in fresh brand new batteries and at first it would n't work , then reloaded the batteries , it flickered a few times then the time came on . Unfortunately the alarm nor the radio works at all which makes it completely useless . Yes , it 's made in China ... naturally . The quality is n't there on the inside even though the outside has n't changed . If I want a new one , I have to ship it back at my own expense which does n't make it worth doing that . Called customer service and of course they say they do n't get any returns for this unit and never had a problem . I 'm looking for a decent quality travel clock that will last for a few years at least . If anyone has any suggestions please let me know . Thanks !
 This item was listed as 5.4 '' by 5.6 '' and arrived 2.75 '' by 3 '' . Much too small for my intended use and since I used a $ 25 gift certificate to buy 7 sets I can not return without losing the $ 25 certificate . Either a blatant exaggeration of the size or I was sent the wrong merchandise . In either case it is not right that I am penalized by an error that was no fault of mine . I will not buy from this company again .
 This is a hollow ground blade -LRB- not flat ground -RRB- which does not cut straight . The blade tends to want to rotate in the cut because of this . Get a knife with a flat ground blade , not this one . You can see the ground part at the bottom of the blade . It is a cheaper way to make knives .
 This is a completely unusable air filter . The unit , at all speeds , makes a very audible and distracting pitched noise . This is not at all suitable for any environment.The unit moves very , very little air as well .
 unfortunately , just too noisy . it 's barely tolerable on low , then just for short periods . on high it 's like a jet engine . -LSB- there 's no whine , though , as another reviewer noted - just white noise . if it is whining , there 's something wrong . -RRB- it 's a nice compact design that seems to work well , if you have some out of the way room or place to use it where the noise is n't an issue !
 I have owned this unit for 6 months and I am ready to throw it away . It 's noisy and rattles at any speed over the lowest one , which barely moves any air . Do not consider buying this piece of @ # % P.
 We ordered these filters because the product description stated it was a HEPA filter that would clean up to 110 sq. feet . It also read that the filter would be suitable for a room up to a 110 sq feet . The price was so good we order six to provide adequate coverage in each room for my daughter who suffers from allergies . -LRB- I also ordered a Rabbit HEPA filter for downstairs and am absolutely in love with it . -RRB- My husband received the packages while I was out of town . When I got home , we had six filters that were HEPA-type filters that only cleaned 95 % of the air and were only good for 80 -LRB- yes 80 -RRB- sq. feet . The description also says this is a four cycle filter . There are only two with what I received . None of the six were what was described on amazon .
 I ordered this purifier based on the description given by Amazon . They claimed it was suggested for use in rooms up to 110 sqft , and had the following CADR AHAM numbers Tobacco Smoke
 Overall , I was pleased with this product until it came time to get a replacement filter , and now I 'm very disappointed in Honeywell and Kaz -LRB- the manufacturers -RRB- . I have a mild indoor allergy to my dogs and this air cleaner definitely helped with that over the 8 months that I used it . However , since it came time to buy replacement filters , I have n't been able to find any that do not emit a terrible odor that smells like an electrical fire . This has happened with the so-called `` authentic '' Honeywell/Kaz replacement filters sold by Amazon -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004IP67JQ/ref=cm_cr_mts_prod_img -RRB- and with replacement filters I purchased from another retailer . After about 3-10 days it starts to smell like the electrical wiring in the unit is burning , which is not only unpleasant but also very alarming . I have two Honeywell 16200s , so I was able to determine that the filter was the problem because I put the replacement filter into the other unit , which was working fine , and it also starting emitting the same smell when I put in the replacement filter . Amazon gave me a full refund on the filters , but unfortunately , I am still stuck with two useless 16200 air cleaners because Honeywell and Kaz fail to provide quality replacement filters and stand behind their product . DO N't BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 Initially , it was n't loud for my standards . It was as loud as an AC unit which was fine for us . However , after a month of daily usage , all of a sudden there was this rattling noise especially in the 2 highest settings . I have checked to determine if maybe something came loose inside but when we shake the unit , we hear nothing . The rattling occurs only when the fan is running .
 Too loud a unit and it was tricky getting it set up . will keep looking for another air purifier . ca n't wait to replace filters .
 I originally bought this as a purifier for my office space to eliminate perfume odors from a co-worker -LRB- which it did help with -RRB- . Office closed down , I brought the purifier home and put it in my bedroom . I then became intimately familiar with its high-pitched whining noise . It 's like a needle of noise , a thousand mosquitoes incessantly shrilling right in my eardrums . I 've tried oiling the motor , but that neither reduced nor eliminated the sound.Efficiency-wise , this unit 's filters get clogged quickly and it 's not 100 % effective at eliminating dust , even though I have a small bedroom . In all fairness , I probably just need to pay more attention to the state of the pre-filter and main filter and clean/replace them more often.Overall recommendation
 Nice small little HEPA Filter . Does a fairly good job of removing allergens . I have one in my bedroom , on the lowest setting it is not very noisey - does not interfere with sleeping . My problem with this unit is the replacement filter . I paid $ 40 for this , but the replacement filters are $ 30 , and need to be replaced every 3 months - $ 120 per year in filters . I am going to return this machine and buy a permanent filter machine instead .
 OK , the price is good , but I have had this filter on my desk for 18 months , and the motor is failing . It starts slowly and sometimes slows way down , and it is clear that the bearings are failing.Now , if this were the first Honeywell filter this has happened with I might not be writing such a bad review , but seriously , about fifty cents more would get motors with bearings that will last years - why the cheap bearings , Honeywell ?
 I have 4 different air cleaners at home and at work and this one is the loudest . The green on light is way too bright and the angle of the tinted plastic makes it hard to cover . I ended up prying up the plastic and putting tape over the light .
 This unit does clean the air and is quite efficient at removing odors , but it is so noisy that it is a relief to unplug it and put it back in its box to return it .
 There are 3 fan settings on it and the lowest setting is ok as far as noise goes . To get really clean air though , the other 2 settings are ridiculously noisy . I ca n't hear anyone talking to me or even use my TV unless it 's turned up to # 45 on volume ! It 's in my home office where I usually watch TV . After awhile , I start to get a headache due to the fan noise and it causes me to leave the room . I wish I bought something else . Do I want really clean air and can I put up with the noise ? hmmm ... not sure . UPDATE
 I bought these boxes thinking they would be made of cardboard , but in fact , they are thin , clay-coated paperboard . In addition , the tabs you use to hold the boxes in the folded state slip sometimes out of the slots , so your contents spill out .
 After seeing these `` Perfex '' mills online , I thought surely they had to be the Holy Grail '' of pepper mills . I have several other pepper mills but based on their price , I assumed these were as good as it gets.Boy , was I wrong!The overall outside finish is impressive except for the very rough unfinished bottom surfaces of both the body and crank arm . The real problem is the fact that one grinding surfaces , -LRB- the inside of the body -RRB- is just roughly machined out of the cast aluminum itself , while the grinder head is hardened stainless steel ! It do n't take much intelligence to figure out that this is n't a good combination ! The unit I got was very hard to turn , would n't stay in adjustment -LRB- as far as grind setting -RRB- , and ground erratically sized particles.Needless to say , this thing was returned very quickly to the kitchen store from where I bought it ! Lesson learned .
 I ca n't beieve that anyone has given this piece de m #rd * two stars . There is verity for all the negative comments so I will not repeat them . I 've had mine for 30 + years and I keep at at my stove for use in cooking when I want to use only white pepper . It is not worth more than $ 10 . Very , very , extrement , over-rated . Hard to hold and crank , and you have to hold it carefuly -LRB- precisement -RRB- so as not to injure your index finger with the inelegant crank when you turn it . The crank turns too freely and grinds just air and then it gets obstructed by a pepper corn and then needs erratically higher torqueing -LRB- ergs -RRB- to overcome the seed .
 I 've used this at a friend 's house and it always worked fine , so I decided to get one for myself . I must have gotten a defective one , because it is very difficult to grind . It works OK for a turn or two , then it locks up and requires a ridiculous amount of force to get it to move at all . I tried adjusting the nut at the bottom to see if that helped , and it did n't make much difference . It 's true that it 's very easy to fill , it has a good feel -LRB- though it 's sort of small for a guy 's hands , I think -RRB- , it looks good , and the ground pepper -LRB- when you can get it to work -RRB- is aromatic and tastes great . If it cranked more easily , I 'd be a happy customer , but as it is , I 'm returning it .
 I have a larger , 6 '' , mill but in every other respect mine is identical to the 4 '' one on this page . It has been great to use . Especially , filling it without dismantling or changing the grind adjustment , and getting a good volume of pepper out of it for the effort in grinding it , have been nice features.It has been the cooking grinder -LRB- at the stove , not the table -RRB- in our home for about six years . However the grinder has been increasingly ineffective for about the past year , and lately has been putting out roughly a third of the pepper it used to do and feeling oddly free-wheeling while grinding.Upon dismantling it , as you might have guessed , I 've found the burrs to be SHOCKINGLY worn . The coarse burring at the top of the conical burrs is nearly completely gone , and the finer burring is very well-worn . We are NOT exceptionally-heavy users of pepper - the grinder has been used to season dishes an average of maybe 6-8 times per week . My first thought on seeing the wear was , `` are the burrs made of aluminum too ?!! '' They are not only worn , but scarred , showing some gouging in the burr surfaces . The grinder has never been used to grind anything but high-quality Telicherry pepper . The wear is all the more surprising because I 've always used a quite-coarse grind ... the burrs have never been tightly-adjusted together.So , on searching the internet to see if burrs can be replaced , I 'm not finding any joy , and I 'm finding this 4 '' model for sale at similarly-high prices -LRB- I paid almost CDN$ 200 for mine ! -RRB- so I thought I 'd write this review and warn people about this expensive purchase . It 's great while it lasts , BUT ...
 I thought I had read enough reviews before clicking the ` buy ' button ... maybe I missed the one that happened to mention that this very nice-sized cutting board is not a raw wood board , it has been dipped -LRB- or painted -RRB- with a varnish type of coating . This means that every time you chop/cut on this board , slivers of the coating will be coming off into your food -- This ` coating ' should be mentioned and defined in the description . I thought others would want to know .
 I ordered this , AND had it replaced , and both boards wobbled ridiculously . The rubber feet are uneven , and this drives me nuts ! I am going to buy a different cutting board .
 This mat is comfy and soft , but it mildews badly even with frequent washings . The stains do not come out . I bought this mat b/c I thought having the holes throughout vs. others would allow it to dry and avoid the mildew ... but that is clearly not the case . I 'm very disappointed .
 DO NOT BUY THIS . It bunches up and you will slip and fall . Unless you are planning to kill someone by accidental bath fall , do n't buy !
 Bought this at a brick and morter , what a waste of money ! It does not stick , the few suction cups -LRB- not NEARLY enough of them either -RRB- will not hold the mat down . I thought the textured surface might be more helpful for my DH with a broken leg , but there 's no way I 'd let him use this.Don ' t waste your money , find a bath mat that works instead . This one 's an accident waiting to happen .
 I wanted a large size bathtub mat , and this looked like it filled the bill , and it was low in cost . But it is not safe . I have slipped , although not fallen , since I 've gotten it . It is not secure at all . I ended up getting a different one because it is so slippery . I would not recommend this to anyone because it is dangerous . Spend extra money and get something that 's secure .
 Good tub coverage and its easy on the feet , but it simply does n't grip the bottom of the tub . The suction cups are way too small to be effective , and the bathmat buckles and shifts out of place . A great idea that need to be worked on !
 It has a very low traction on the bottom compared to any other bath mats I 've used . It usually it slides around when I step on a particular part for the first time each day . For your own safety , do n't buy this -- it 's not much of an improvement over a slippery tub .
 this is the worst thing i ever bought from amazon , i should get my $ $ back , it sounded good , but i received it and i can not use it . . i am handicapped , , my feet were slipping all over it it dosent stick where the suctions are junk junk junk , , , ,
 Amazon has the WORST selection of tub mats on the planet . I do n't know why , but they do . Some reviewers claimed this was a great mat for them , others said that it does not stick/floats up when there is water in the tub and/or is dangerous . The latter are correct . This mat is a major bathroom hazard !!! Listen to your fellow reviewers and do n't buy it . As much as this pains me to say
 This is one of the worst excuses for a bath mat I have seen . It does not stay put in the tub and is very dangerous to use . The suction cups DO NOT adhere to the tub as advertised and the mat floats on top of the water . Trying to get in the tub on top of the floating bathmat is very dangerous and could lead to serious injury . A total waste of money , DO NOT BUY .
 ... But does not stay in place when you step into the shower . Plus , and this is the only way I can describe this , if you 've ever had a roomate that left the sponge in the bottom of the kitchen sink and it got all slimy & gross , this is how I can describe what it feels like to step onto the mat about an hour after my husband showers and it 's cold and still damp . Like you 're stepping on that slimy gross kitchen sponge . It 's enough to make you ill . It 's the only things that I can compare it to . In addition , if you can even get past that aspect , the material squishes and bunches so much that you can feel the suction cups under your feet as though you 're standing on speedbumps . I do n't think that we 'll be keeping it long enough to find out whether it 's truly mildew resistant . All the manufacturer did was stick suction cups to the bottom of the puffy shelf liner that exists for kitchen cabinets . -LRB- the one that does n't let you slide the dishes/glasses into the cabinet -RRB- Funny part is , it does n't move at all in the cabinets , while you 're airborne in the shower . A HUGE disappointment .
 This bath mat is incredibly unsafe !! Initially I was thrilled to find it , but within a day it was slipping in the tub , nearly `` leveling '' me ! I tried adjusting it this way and that , to no avail . Finally realized it just does n't have enough suction cups on one end , so I cut it for safety 's sake . It STILL slips around mercilessly !! I 'm very sure-footed , as is my roommate , and we have no elders or young kids at home , but I wanted to warn people to be VERY CAREFUL about purchasing this mat . Yes , this material is great for shelving ... DRY shelving where feet are not landing on it ... but there IS no Grip in this Griptex .
 Do not purchase this mat . Not until it arrives and you are able to read the directions wrapped around it do you learn that you must wait until water is in the tub to put in the mat , at which point it is virtually impossible to get the mat to flatten out . Think about trying to wrestle an inflatable object under water . After some pushing and shoving , I found the mat partially stuck with its little suction cups but not stuck flat ; by then it was stuck too hard to get out but not stuck flat . Thus , I took my bath lying on a surface even more uncomfortable than the bare tub . The worst came when I stood up after the water ran out and found the mat actually MORE SLIPPERY than my bare tub.Griptex Comfort 17 by 36-Inch Bath Mat , Blue
 The bath mat has a very nice cushioned feel to it . That is the only positive feature . The suction cups move as you move your feet and the mat bunches up .
 The bathmat I received did not do its job . The suction cups on the bottom had NO suction so the mat continually floats to the top of the water when we gave our daughter a bath . Please reconsider this item as there are many others to choose from .
 It does not stick to the tub and moves arounnd as you move , it leaves you feeling very unstable .
 I purchased this mat mainly due to it 's size since it is difficult to find larger sized mats . With the first few uses , I found the cushioning of the mat under my feet to be great . Unfortunately , it was n't long before I started to slip when making any kind of move on the mat . This is a very unsafe product especially for those of us who are older . Perhaps if there were more suction cups , the mat would still be in use in my home instead of in the garbage .
 The good thing about this mat is the cushioned comfort for your feet.And now for the negatives :1 . The cushioning does n't hold up very long and the mat becomes flat within two weeks of regular daily bathing .2 . The 54 suction cups do NOT hold the mat securely in place . NOT AT ALL . It slides around when you 're taking a shower and floats to the top of the water when you 're taking a bath .3 . Even with regular washings in the washing machine , the mat still mildews and then you 're stuck with nasty looking stains.When the mat is brand new , it 's incredibly comfortable -LRB- but still dangerous -RRB- and then everything goes downhill from there .
 The bathmat did not stay put and slipped when stepped on . It was not easy to clean .
 This bath mat did not stick to my bathtub . Only a few of the suction tabs would stick . When I filled the bathtub the mat would just float to the top . I Would not recommend this bath mat to anyone !!
 Bad mat . I bought it because I was slipping in the shower . The mat does n't stick and made me slip even more .
 Does not do a great job of staying in place , usually slides down the bathtub . Stains easily and not easily cleaned . Would not recommend unless you dont take many showers and have a perfectly flat tub .
 I purchased this bath mat mainly for my little one who just started using the `` big girl '' tub , however , even when it 's used just for her it does n't stay in place . It 's super cushy and perfect for her while we 're watching but if you 're looking for something to use everyday I 'd look elsewhere .
 We purchased this product to use while bathing our two young children . Although the size is large , this product does not stick AT ALL to the bottom of our textured tub . We sit our children on it to keep it in place , but as soon as we lift them off , off it comes . Certainly a safety issue here if someone wanted to use it to keep from slipping .
 Feels great on feet but soap and hairs get collected in the bathtub after the shower is over because it is too bulky in my tub ... gets kind of gross after awhile ... this size and particular style mat would be perfect for a much bigger bathtub .
 UpdateSince my original review , I replace may old mat with a new one . The new `` edition '' of this mat has almost no suction . I followed my original process described below and am still placing it into porcelain over cast iron tub . As with so many things the quality has declined in order to keep the price low.If you are looking for a large bath mat , keep looking.I wanted to update to a new color scheme and unfortunately tossed out the old one when I received the new . I wish I had kept the old mat . Am now searching for a quality product in the size , color and quality that I need.Old ReviewI was a bit skeptical that the 54 suction cups would really hold this mat in place . I removed my old bath mat and thoroughly cleaned the tub before putting the Griptex mat in place and was pleasantly surprised to find that the mat did not slip . I have an old porcelain over cast iron tub , this mat may or may not hold the same on a fiberglass type tub . Other reviewers would have to clarify this point.It 's a large size that covers the tub floor . The mat is very soft and is great for those with sensitive feet . Although you can feel the spots where the suction cups meet the tub , it should n't be a problem unless your feet are super sensitive.I 've run it through the washing machine once and it held up fine and still holds to the tub . It did get hard water stains that did n't come out in the wash , but I sprayed it down with a hard water cleaner , rinsed it and it looked as good as new.I 've found one drawback . If you generate a lot of suds they can occasionally build up in the channels of the mat and it can get a little slippery .
 I am so sorry I did not read the other reviews . I used this mat once , and as I tried to get the suction cups to stick to the tub , I slipped on the non-matte surface and fell in the tub . I have thrown it away , not wanting anyone else to be endangered.For several years I had the Tsunami mat , which is expensive but served me well . I will be purchasing one of those now !
 If I would have read the reviews before buying this thing . Slippery . Bunches Up . Icky feeling . Ditto all the bad reviews , no sense in repeating them . Dangerous . Garbage Can .
 I 've had two of these bathmats , and I ca n't imagine why I purchased the second , except that I had forgotten what a hassle the first was.First the pros
 I was so excited to try this as it is touted as the `` world 's most comfortable '' bathtub mat and I paid twice as much for it . NOT ! I was shocked to discover you can feel the suction cups poking through and it is not comfortable to step on at all . Besides that , it does n't stay flat and gets all bunched up when stepped on . I think I 'll go back to the plain old flat kind we grew up with .
 If you have a plastic shower with textured floor , the cups probably will not stick . Porcelain might be OK . For me , this was a waste of money .
 I could not get this mat to stick to the bottom of my tub . I bought it to use when giving my son a bath but it would always end up floating up around him . Maybe it would work if you 're just using it for a shower , but it 's completely worthless for a bath . Do n't waste your money .
 I had read the mixed reviews of this product before I bought it . But the mat was better-looking than the others , so I hoped the naysayers were wrong . Unfortunately , they were right . The grippers do not have sufficient grip , even under perfect conditions . If even a little extra water gets under the mat , it wants to float . The cheap , ugly rubber mats you can buy in grocery stores do a better job .
 I bought this for my daughter and the quality was bad . I have purchased other sheets for toddler beds and they were nice , but these ones were so thin that I could see through them and they were extremely rough . Since they were so cheap I decided mot to return them and just toss them .
 How can they claim this item is stainless steel when it rusted after a month of use ? See attached photos .
 I thought I could use a small whisk , but these are really too small for the jobs I do in the kitchen . I have a large whisk and probably only need to find a 6 inch whisk . Both of these are really mini and not useful . Amazon does have a 6 inch whisk , but I have n't ordered it yet .
 I recieved the wisk and never had to open the package . One of the wisk was already rusted inside the clear package . Needless to say I am sending it back . Also they are much much smaller than I thought they might be . They are too short and also very small in size . Looks like they came out of a childs play kitchen set . If you are looking for very small cheap made wisk , then look no more . Other than that , spend a little more and get something you can use .
 The whisks rust are difficult to clean ... I have tried several mini wisk yet to find a real stainless steel set . I 've settle on a spoon is the best solution .
 I was very disappointed when I bought this for my mostly bedridden mother and it did n't work . It did n't even turn on . Since the cost was only $ 12.95 it seemed like a hassel to send it back.I give it NO stars since it did n't work at all . -LRB- I had to give it at least an one star rating to submit this review -RRB-
 i shopped alot for this item and selcted this one because of the price and look . will it arrived chipped and was not finished weel , with rough edges .
 This foam fell short , or should I say fell narrow , of a twin bed . I bought it to add to a little hide-a-bed loveseat and was unhappy with the width . Maybe I should have paid more attention to the photo because it shows it about two inches narrower than the mattress under it - that 's two inches on each side .
 Although very charming looking and available in fabulous colors , this colander does not wear well . After about 9 mos of normal family kitchen use , the bottom is rusting out and the paint is peeling off -LRB- my stainless steel colander , on the other hand that I 've had for 5 plus years , is still going strong with only some minor dents -RRB- . If you are wanting/expecting to have a colander that will last-this is n't the product for you .
 This is painted metal , not enamel . As mentioned in another review , the paint starts to bubble and chip off with very mild wear . With all the worry about lead lately , I worry about using this painted -LRB- not enamel -RRB- cookware item .
 Terrible product , it stains easily , and in the first wash it came apart though it says to wash with care and slow , it still tore and the bottom part dissolved into what looks like sand every time i lift it there 's a ton of residue from the bottom portion that coming apart . if my child 's shoe has Velcro and it happens to touch the carpet , it gets stuck and when removing it a large tare appears . I 've wanted to throw away this carpet a number of times but my child loves the design which is the only thing that has saved it from the trash . i do n't recommend anyone to buy this . its an expensive carpet that is not worth a penny .
 I ordered this rug for my son for Christmas . Amazon thought it would be a good idea to send this rug all rolled up with the pictures on the rug facing outward . To top it all off , IT WAS WRAPPED IN CLEAR PLASTIC !!!!!! All of my kids who USED TO believe in Santa were asking what/who the rug is for !!!!! The idiocy is beyond words ...
 This is a mystery item . I bought it because of the name and price . Marked down from $ 99.99 -LRB- keep reading -RRB- to $ 29.99 - and Oreck has a fine reputation in its field . HOWEVER . Like ALL mixers it is made in China . -LRB- please let me know if you have found one that is n't -RRB- The packaging is like the Beatles White Album . Inside is a mixer . There is also a stand , 3 sets of beaters and a booklet that says almost nothing . NO indication of watts , which is what I was intested in . Curious to see if this mixer has the power to plow through a tough dough , I looked on the Oreck website . The item is not listed . I called Oreck and found that this was a FREE GIFT they gave to customers who purchased one of their expensive vaccuums . They slapped their name on it but have NO INFO on it AT ALL . Their promotion ended and now its up for grabs to any retailer who wants to sell it . -LRB- So forget that `` marked down from '' price . This was a give-away . -RRB- The weight distribution seems good -LRB- the motor is positioned over the beaters -RRB- - I gave it 2 stars ... It might be a 5 star champ , but I have n't tried mixing with it yet , and may return it . Though for $ 30 I guess its worth the craps shoot . But dont think you are getting an Oreck quality appliance ... Just another piece of Chinese electronics . I 'll write more as the holidays approach.UPDATE -- VERTICAL HAND MIXERI used the mixer today to make Popovers - A REALLY light batter . Some of the design features are good . Good balance , the cord hinges so the mixer can be set down on the counter in between uses , the little storage stand is nice and there is a cord strap . There are 5 speeds marked on the mixer - but there are actually 11 speed positions . Now the tricky part . It is hard to move the Speed/On/Off bar - even harder if your hand is a little oily . AND !! I finally got through to someone at ORECK who was familiar with this product . She claims that this has 70 Watts of power ! The $ 19.95 Hamilton Beach mixer has 225 Watts ... . most others are a little higher . So - unless she was confused about input and output - I expect to break this on my first year of use ... Holiday Cookies and Pastries are demanding ! Luckily there is a one-year warranty . I am keeping my receipts .
 Used this mixer once and then it would n't work again . Good thing it was ` free ' .
 This board was wonderful until it was ~ 3 months old . After 3 months of use the board started to split . The board was never placed in the dishwasher , it never soaked . It was washed by hand and placed on the drying rack . I was very happy with it until it split .
 I had high hopes for this cutting board , based on the positive ratings others have given it . However , I do n't like it at all . One reason is , admittedly , personal . It has rounded ends rather than being a perfect rectangle . Consequently , pieces of food get between it and the stove , next to which I put my cutting board . But , more importantly , it is very slippery due to its smooth finish . My knife slips and I have problems using my chef 's knife to pick up pieces of , e.g. , chopped garlic . I 'm sorry to have bought it .
 What a piece of junk ! It 's chrome plated basest of base metal that actually splayed out as I pressed an olive with a pit too large for the ejection hole . I admit that the olives were Sevillanos , but still , the hole is too small . The upper guide , poorly soldered , fell off during second use . The press pin is not centered . I 'm hoping that someone will read this review and respond with a recommendation of a pitter that performs well and holds up .
 I was really excited once I received my cookie cutter in the mail but that was short lived . Once I opened the package , complete disappointment , the cutter is smaller than two quarters side by side . I would n't even call it a `` Cookie cutter '' . I ran to the computer to make sure I did n't misread the product description but the only dimension listed was `` 1 inch deep '' . Nothing else . I attempted to make cookies with it , hoping to get some kind of decent result , but nope . It was a waste of money . Now my owl cookie plans for my winter owl baby shower have changed .
 We purchased an original set of Dansk Kongo two years ago , and purchased eight new place settings last year , of the new variety produced in China . The original set has satin finished vinyl handles , the new has gloss plastic.Six months after our purchase , the handles started breaking off at the ends . Half a dozen of the 40 pieces had brokoen handles , many of the rest had loose handles . The steel in the pieces is not continuous through the handle -- there is a metal insert in the end of the handle which makes it look continuous , and perhaps the lack of continuous steel contributes to the problem.We returned the set to Dansk , who provided us with a return label , and we received a replacement set a few weeks later . Six months later , the handles are breaking and loosening . I contacted Dansk today , and they stated that they have not heard of any similar complaints . Even though we are using it as instructed , washing in the dishwasher with No Heat Dry , the product is breaking.They will accept a return of the place settings again , but we will have to choose a different pattern , as they will not replace this for us again.Like the subject of my review says , it is a lovely retro design , but it is cheaply made and does n't hold up well . A far cry from the original .
 we go through 7 oz plastic cups like potato chips in my house.we thought this would be an efficient and fun solution.however , in reality , we are disappointed with this product , because when you go to pull out a cup , you get 4 or more cups at once ! It takes a good 30 seconds to wiggle out just one cup and the cup usually gets damaged in the process.look elsewhere for your cup solution .
 I have been a fan of the Black & Decker Irons . When my last one quit on me I decided to branch out and see what was out there . After reading the reviews I settled on the T-Fal 18301 . The most positive thing about this iron was that it provided lots of steam ; there are no more positive recommendations . Negatives
 I bought this expensive iron even though I only have light ironing to do . It broke in less than a year - losing heat completely . T-fal would not stand behind it . I wrote to them several times . They insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact I had the charge on my American Express bill . I 've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years . Avoid this turkey and this company . I 'll never buy another T-fal product and neither should you !
 I tried to order the knife and fork set in the presentation box but everyone was sold out . So I ordered the Mundial Knife and Fork Set separately and then ordered the Presentation box . The description says the the set will fit in it but it does not fit . It looks exactly like the box in the picture of the 3 piece set together but when you purchase the box separately it does not fit . I wrote to Mundial but have not had a response from them so I am very frustrated at this point . It was a gift for my brother on Christmas and he used the knife and fork to carve the Prime Rib so I can not return it but it still needs a box to store it in .
 Tried it again , because it is such a fun color . Finish has a few bubbles in it . Hope it lasts . Oct 2011It appears perfect for washing those small amounts of fruits and veggies . However , after a few uses the enamel starts to chip off . Does not matter if you hand wash it or rinse with warm water ... I have had two , babied them and they both chipped within a month or two . Buy something else , inferior finish .
 I bought this and it worked fine for about 2 months and the projection started to go out .
 I bought this clock in March 2007 . By March 2008 I had the same issue as one other reviewer -- the projection readout crashed with the digital display losing segments . The display is totally undecipherable . I purchased this clock specifically for the projection feature so that I could tell the time on waking during the night . Made in China -- shame on Honeywell . I relied on the brand name . It does keep accurate time and resets reliably , but without the projection feature it is useless to me . I would not recommend buying this or any similar Honeywell projection clock .
 The clock works . The projection feature stopped working within days . I returned the clock for a replacement . The projection unit failed on the replacement as well , again within days . I recommend against buying this product . The clock part does work , however .
 This unit worked well and threw off a fair bit of heat for a couple of years of light use . The oscillation feature works well but the unit also produces quite a bit of orange light which might be distracting depending on what you 're doing in the room . The biggest downside to this product is that there is no replacement heater element which I just found out when the unit stopped producing heat and I called customer service . It seems a waste to manufacture something like this where such a basic part ca n't be replaced to extend the life of the unit .
 It is more a light than a heater . I concur with one of the reviews from another customer , that it is at best a leg warmer . More disturbing is the cost and the hassle to send it back . Absolutely worthless .
 This was a nice heater but the light broke after about a year and a half . It looks pretty difficult to remove and replace . So I 'd have to get a whole new one or mess around with halogen lights and tiny screws . With the liklihood of it breaking it should be easier to change the bulb . Timer feature was nice .
 I purchased my infrared heater three years ago , loved it . Cats and dogs lay in front of it to get themselves warm.Just last week was pet sitting east of Bellevue WA where I lived , Shitzu and cat layer in front of it often.Saturday morning fortunately my cat was on my bed . It exploded the bulb broke , the heater blew flames out , burn my new carpet which was new in June , only five months old . I am in an apartment so having a hard time finding contact information for manufacturer.Scary . Do not buy this product . It catches on fire.Had I been at the mailbox or in the bathroom it would have burned down the entire complex and possibly could have killed my cat and I.I bought mine at ACE Hardware , they are sold at cosco and most stores.Mr . Stacey DriverVancouver WA
 This product has great features . It swivels in all directions , has multiple settings , and even has a timer . But it lacks one important quality . That quality is the ability to heat your room in a modest time frame . Even with the house thermostat set at 64 , this thing can barely get me warm when I am more than 7 feet away . Do n't count on it warming a room up to a comfortable temperature unless you have it on for 2 plus hours . If your a maybe on this item then do n't buy it because the distributor charges a 15 % restocking fee plus a $ 4.99 return fee and that is on top of the $ 10 it will cost you to pay for the shipping . WTF ? I have never heard of such preposterous return policies . I live in sunny California , but I would imagine if you live some place really cold -LRB- i.e. anywhere farther North -RRB- you 'll be extremely disappointed when you get this thing . I bought this because it was cheap . In this case I will admit I deserve to what I got because their were a few warning reviews . Do n't bother , pay $ 20 or $ 30 extra and get a heat dish with real warmth ...
 The strainer is attractive but does not fit my sink corner well . I guess no strainer can fit every sink . The more important problem is that the stainless steel finish is a magnet for dirt and grease and they do n't rinse off easily - you have to wipe frequently , preferably with a grease-cutting cleaner , if you want it to look sanitary . This is an annoyance since the whole purpose of the thing is to hold sink scraps and trash neatly . I would have been better off with white plastic even if it did n't last as long -- the much lower price would have made up for that . At least plastic rinses easily . I should have known about this issue since my sink is stainless too , but I trusted the rave reviews . My bad .
 The photo shows three tins , which seemes good value for $ 3.99 . In fact , they cost $ 3.99 each , and they have plastic lids with no holes in for sprinling or pouring . I ordered two sets , thinking I 'd get six canisters . It will cost more to return them than their cost . so , just a waste of money . The Kamenstein magnetic spice tins are better looking and have more features , at a better price .
 The page shows a picture of 4 tins for $ 3.79 . The title is Stainless Magnetic Storage Tins -LRB- last I knew an s indicated a plural -RRB- . The weight of the shipment is listed as 1 pound . I assumed that when placed my order I was ordering 6 sets of 4 at 3.79 each . This is not what you get . This is a rip-off . I tried contacting the seller about how I felt cheated and misled , and I still have not heard anything . I would not buy anything from this seller again . Buy from a seller that actually sends the product as displayed and advertised .
 I thought this was a great deal ... The picture has since changed but I thought I was getting 4 tins per set and ordered 9 sets ... imagine my surprise when it shows up with only 9 containers ... I have ordered lots of things online and never had an issue . They did change their picture so that should help others from making the same mistake . But shame on this seller for being so misleading .
 There is only one tin available for $ 4.99 and I was not aware so I will be returning this order .
 I purchased this item from an online pet store . I liked the fact that it is a good size and it is easy to read . However , it only worked for a year . The unit continuously malfunctioned even after installing new batteries figuring that would have been the problem . Unfortunately it was n't . It kept saying it was over 100 degrees in the tank . My fish would have been like scrambled eggs in my tank if that were true . Luckily I had a portable PH/thermometer handy to double check for accuracy . I had to order a completely different thermometer . I do n't normally write bad reviews on products , but I wanted to let you know so you do n't make the same mistake . If you are looking at a digital thermometer , then I would recommend one made by Coralife . It is small , but works great .
 The thermometer worked fine for about 2 years , but now the in-tank temperature reads about 8-10 degrees F too high . I contacted the manufacturer to request a replacement but was denied as the product only carries a 1-year warranty .
 Like the others , I enjoyed the size of the display . I also liked the fact it displayed both the room temp . and the aquarium temp . -LRB- in/out temps -RRB- I liked my 1st one so much , I bought another for my 2nd aquarium . But like the other reviews , both thermometers began reading high and/or low . Cleaning the sensor helped a bit but only for a day or so . As for my use
 White Cart with Stainless Steel TopThis product looks OK now that it is assembled , but there are annoying flaws that make it really not worth the money . For instance , the doors - with pre-assembled hinges - do not properly align . Nor do they meet in the middle as one would expect of any cabinet . There 's a gap of about 1/4 inch between the doors . In addition to those somewhat trivial problems , this thing is a nightmare to put together . The directions are simple to follow , but the hardware is crap - screws strip with minimal pressure - and most of the screw holes are not aligned AT ALL . The drawer was ridiculous . I had to use some of my own screws and then later get out the electric drill , which is something I have never had to do for any self-assembled furniture , including products that were much less expensive . The back of the island is some sort of thin plywood - as is the drawer bottom . It 's obviously cheap-looking from the back . For a kitchen island/cart , I think the back needs to look as nice as the front because the item is not meant to be stored against the wall . The stainless steel top scratches very easily . I placed the drawer on top of it and the stainless steel now has two long scratches . I imagine that in a month or so the whole thing will be insanely scratched . I think a better price point for this product would be $ 150 assembled . I would n't buy it again unassembled unless it was $ 100 or less . It took me 5 hours to put together . If I did not have better screws and an electric drill at home , I would not have been able to properly assemble the product . I feel as though the company who made this product should reimburse me my hourly wage for my materials and labor . This will probably be the last unassembled product I buy and that is not to say the other unassembled products are better . In the past two weeks , I have had to return or exchange two other products that required assembly because they were defective . I just moved to a new house and have not purchased self-assemble products for about five years . It appears the quality of such products has plummeted significantly since then .
 Despite reading a review that said this blanket only lasted a few months , I went ahead and bought it because of the Sunbeam name and the fact there are n't many electric blankets to choose from . I only used one control to heat one side of the blanket and never set it above 10 . Three months later , the blanket would no longer heat on the side I was using . I switched to the other side and within a month that side stopped heating . So now it is entirely dead . It will not heat at all no matter how high you set it . I paid a lot to only have it last three months . It has a 5 year warranty but I have to pay to ship it back . What am I supposed to do , pay every three months to have it shipped back for repair ?
 This is the old metal version of the panel . I have soft water and the metal corrodes or gets all junked up . The plastic version -LRB- from Home Depot etc -RRB- seems to last longer .
 Of the three product selections , two spell the word `` Scraper '' correctly . This one is sold as `` Scrapper . '' With no significant price variance , why should I be Motivated to purchase this one over the others ?
 I put on chimney as tight as I could and it flew off with first breeze ... the chimney guy stated this would happen and it did . I will be calling him to install the 200 dollar version .
 I was given one of these as a gift and thought it was a wonderful idea . The idea is , the execution is n't . The bottom is a dark coated pan you can bake in if you choose . My personal preference is that I do n't like the dark pans to bake in . I still thought it would be a great carrier . I made cupcakes for an event and put them in this carrier instead of my normal bakery box . The bottome layer of cupcakes sits deeply in the pan making removal a bit of an issue . I could have gotten around that , but the other problems were insurmountable . There is very little room between the two layers which means you need to frost them flat with no tall decorations on them . When I put the plastic tray on the top and began to fill it with cupcakes it bowed in the center . The cupcakes underneath had to be refrosted to fix the damage and I transferred them to a box . A neighbor gave meProgressive International Collapsible Cupcake and Cake Carriersince she had no use for it . While it has a number of negative reviews about the handle and latches failing , I have so far had no trouble with it and find that the top tray is sturdy enough to hold my filled cupcakes without bending and there is plenty of heighth for swirled frosting . I will say , however that I am still questing for the perfect cupcake carrier .
 This item was broken upon arrival so the plastic top was thrown in the trash . I was not happy at all .
 I had this cupcake carrier before receiving a better one as a wedding gift . This carrier worked to get my cupcakes where I was taking them , but the cups on the bottom tray are too deep . This always resulted in getting icing on my fingers when removing them from the tray .
 I ordered one of these for my mother for Christmas . It arrived with the clear plastic cracked on the sides . I returned that today and received the replacement today . The replacement is ALSO cracked . There is no cushioning for this item in the box - only the clear plastic bag it comes in - so no wonder they 're broken . I have asked for a refund , and suggest that anyone looking to purchase an item like this -LRB- which otherwise looks like it would do what it 's supposed to -RRB- someplace that does n't require shipping or properly packages their items for shipping .
 I am a target shopper . I also make alot of cupcakes for my children 's school parties . So I bought two . I was very disappointed . There is not alot of room for frosting on the bottom layer of cupcakes . Plus the red divider that holds the top cupcakes bows under the weight when it is filled with the cupcakes . Hence , smashed frosting on the bottom cupcakes . I expected better quality from Target . This is definently a Walmart product . I should have looked a little closer to the Oneida carrier .
 I used this once and it did work well for transporting the cupcakes ; however , the latch broke on mine the second time I used it . It was easy to fix that , but then the plastic also broke around the latch . I returned it .
 This carrier is useless ! The bottom layer of cupcakes is difficult to remove without smudging the frosting , since holes used for baking are much deeper than the holes should be in a cupcake carrier , plus the bottom layer also frequently gets ruined by the top layer . Spend the money on a different carrier and a separate baking pan . MUCH worth your while .
 I have started making a lot of cupcakes for functions . So much so , that I am now referred to as `` the cupcake girl . `` I bought one cupcake carrier from another company even after a friend tried to convince me not to because Ross on occasion has this particular carrier for cheaper . Well , I bought the other one thinking I 'd return it if I indeed found a cheaper alternative.Well , about a month later sure enough , she found me one and bought it . I used it for the first time this week . I hate this thing!The red top carrier bows under the weight of the cupcakes , does n't sit securely on the bottom , and I ca n't stand the bottom.Another reviewer said getting cupcakes out of the bottom gave her a little trouble . I 'm gon na be real , I could not get the things out of there without sticking my fingers all in the frosting . I gave it two stars because it does keep them safe while traveling , I have to give them that . But I hate this thing . Look elsewhere .
 If you 're looking to buy a cupcake carrier , look somewhere else . This product is definitely not worth your $ 20 . If I could give this product 0/5 stars , I would 've . A few months ago , I borrowed aSnapware 6032 Large 2 Layer-Cupcake Keeperfrom a neighbor of mine when I needed something to bring come cupcakes into work . The Snapware carrier works amazing . Fast forward a couple weeks later , I needed a carrier to bring some cupcakes to my family Thanksgiving gathering , so I went to Target and bought this one since I did n't want to run around town searching for a Snapware carrier . Little did I know , I was wrong . As soon as I put the cupcakes in the top carrier slots , the middle of the red plastic bowed to the weight of the cupcakes and consequently smashed the frosting on the cupcakes below . Presentation of my cupcakes are very important to me , so needless to say , I was disappointed and upset at how flimsy this product is . As soon as Thanksgiving is over , I 'll be buying the Snapware carrier to replace this one . The only good thing that came out of all this is that I gained another 12-cupcake pan to my current collection .
 I was given this as a gift and it gets my cupcakes from point A to point B , but I would n't recommend it . The bottom pan is too deep to get out decorated cupcakes without messing them up . The biggest problem though is that it is fragile . One of the raised pieces on the top level broke when bumped , and the two latches break off all the time . It 's a flimsy piece of junk .
 The temperature settings for the alarm are preset and can not be manually changed . So if you cook your food using the alarm , you can over cook it , horribly over cook it , or turn it into a cinder .
 OK , so maybe it 's broken , but we had 3 generations of very smart people trying to get a reading on this thing , to no avail . Could n't get it to program the meat to the desired temperature , could n't make it stop flashing crazy numbers once the probe was inserted . Trash .
 I ca n't say I was n't warned , but decided to ignore the reviews . Mine did n't work correctly out of the box . With both probes placed into the same glass of ice water I read 39 degrees on one probe and 59 degrees on the other . Switching the probes reviles that the same readings for the same inputs so the problem seems to be in the main unit and not the probes.I experienced the same kind of readings when in actual use -LRB- which is what made me do the ice water test -RRB- . A pork roast in the oven for 10 minutes registered as done with a reading of 180 degrees internal , this of course is absurd.Don ' t buy one of these things .
 It looked interesting in the ability of monitor two things at once , but the probes are very low quality . The first broke the second time I used and the second one is already behaving erratically . Very thin wire , not durable , not appropriate for such use . Look for one with a nice probe with a wire mesh shield on the wires - one like that lasted 8 yrs . This one did n't make 8 weeks . Never Polder again .
 I needed a replacement digital thermometer to do one thing , measure temperatures . This one , after nearly destroying several cooking projects , could n't be trusted to do that.The biggest problem showed up when using to monitor temperatures for peanut brittle.After doing comprehensive tests I found that one of the two probes has the sensor placed 4-5 '' back from the end . This caused problems in both candy cooking and in monitoring temperature in a roast . All other digital thermometers I have owned have the heat sensor close to the end of the probe . It 's hard to get the sensor to the right point if the probe has to be pushed in beyond the bend in the stainless sheath . And because the stainless sheath is n't a great conductor of heat along the length -LRB- and that is a good thing -RRB- the impact on reported temperatures leads to catastrophic cooking errors.The second probe has the sensor placed where it should be ; at or near the end ! In cooking the candy I found , in comparison with my trusty old mercury-filled Taylor Candy thermometer , that with the 2 '' depth of the candy the Polder was showing a temperature 80 -LRB- ! -RRB- lower than the actual temperature . In candy making anything less than + / - 10 can ruin a batch.Maybe I 'm just lucky but I 've never had this problem with ANY other brand of digitals.Polder quality is at issue but the design of the thermometer , with mostly fixed temperature settings based on meat cooking , also makes it a poor choice . Too bad !
 I used the THM-360 for the perfect pork tenderloin and then a beef rib roast . However , one of the probes did not work right out of the package . It read HH . I have contacted Polder and NO REPLY . The warranty states probes are not covered . There you go . Buy the THM-360 and you have half the device works well and the other not at all . Amazon helped me with a new replacement . One of the probes on the second one stopped working on the first cooking as well . Frustrating ! You make the judgement .
 First , we 've had Polder digital temperature probes for years . We like them , which is why this item was such a surprise.Our normal procedure was , buy one or two , use them until they die . Buying two let you test two pieces of meat , or have a replacement part when one probe died.We thought , Hey , buy two of this , we have four probes , we have spares ! Too bad this is such a POS . BTW , we bought from Amazon , but I do n't hold this against them ... I expected what I 've always gotten from Polder , a reliable probe that lets me set my desired temperature , and beeps when my food gets there . I 've used them on the grill , in the oven , and they 've been reliable.Problems with this : First , it took two probes to get through one steak . They just do n't last . I 'm used to a year and a half ; I got maybe a minute and a half . Disappointing ... Second , it lets you choose a meat and a doneness , not a temperature . If you want , say 143 degrees , tough . You can set it for 140 , or 145 , but not in between.Third , you 'd think it would sit there , and beep when your food hit the temperature you selected . Wrong . It starts beeping when you are 10 degrees low , and goes to a more insistent beep when you hit your target . So you get a long , annoying period of `` Hey , your food is n't done yet . Hey , your food is n't done yet . '' This was just the icing on the cake , the machine was already deep in my regret pile.I 've used and loved Polder for years ; I will no longer assume their name means quality . I hope their profit on these two items was worth it to them .
 I had this thermometer for a very short time before I threw it out in disgust . First the probe did not function causing me to ruin some expensive steaks . The preset food temperatures are a nuisance and trying to program in a temperature is very frustrating . On one occasion it told me that fish which was taken from the fridge was over 200 degrees.To make matters worse the quality of the whole item is very poor . I stuck the thermometer to the fridge and after hanging for a few days the magnet , which was glued in cheaply , came out and the whole thermometer crashed to the floor . The plastic stand is very flimsy and holds the item at a weird angle on the countertop which is hard to see . It practically stands at 90 degrees so you either have to bend down or tilt it back to see the screen . You can see this on the picture of the item . Imagine it sitting on the counter and you standing above it.Overall I am extremely disappointed with this item . I expected better quality and performance .
 This probe can not be used with an outdoor smoker or grill . It 's in the fine print at the end of the instructions . Did n't see it in the description of the product and some how I missed it in the reviews . I must do a better job at my due diligence to avoid wastes of money like this was . Pass on it if you are into BBQ it will not `` meat '' your needs .
 Received this item and returned it after reading the instructions . Can not be used on the grill , which is what I wanted it for .
 New York , January 21 , 2008A defective probe has been identified as the culprit in the destruction of a roast turkey . The probe in question , made by Polder , and used in the THM-360 Cooking Thermometer , failed to register the correct temperature of the doomed bird . In fact , the probe did not register anything but `` LL '' . When substituted with a second probe , it was too late . The poor bird was already over 250 degrees fahrenheit . Diners wept .
 I 've bought two of these thermometers now . I 've never had a problem with the thermometer itself but the probes fail pretty easily . They either cause the display to read HH or they display the incorrect temp . Maybe Polder should sell replacement probes .
 Does not work well with the grill . Gave very accurate readings until the stainless steel probe heats up and now it does not work . Not happy with the product .
 This item was junk . I followed the directions precisely and it would not work . I got so pissed off I threw it in the trash.I suggest it be deleted from your inventory
 I just have trouble believing that you ca n't use a meat thermometer in the grill or get it hot
 I bought this thermometer hoping to use it in my smoker for barbecue . I used it successfully on two different occasions for a brisket and a pork shoulder . Ever since then , the probes read only `` LL '' or `` HH '' no matter what I do . I 've never again gotten any kind of useful reading from it.Maybe because it 's never worked well , but the interface is quite confusing too . It 's not clear how to adjust it to specific temperatures , which is an important feature . The instructions are n't clear either.Pass on this product if you are serious about cooking .
 I use probe thermometers typically when cooking a roast or bird like a turkey . My method is to cook them at high heat at first then roast slowly . Unfortunately this thermometer ca n't take higher temps and never worked out of the gate . My old Williams Sonoma probe just went after about 8 years of faithful use . I carefully read reviews and went with this model but it was a dud for me . Maybe if you do n't use high heat ever it might be okay but I ca n't envision that , it just is a better method that results in a better meal .
 Consumer Reports rated this model as the best , so I bought one last year to use with my Weber Smoker . After one or two times using it , it stopped working . Both probes read on LL or HH . If I would twist and hold the wire , I would sometimes get a reading , but this was rare . I previously owned a Maveric for several years , and it was great .
 Bought this to replace a Redi Check thermometer . Used it one time and one of the probes is already defective . The unit has a one year warranty but surprise , the probes are excluded from the warranty.Also , the Redi Check models have a metal wire while the Polder uses a plastic coating which is probably the reason the failure rate is so high.Total waste of money .
 When I got THM 360 one of the probes did n't work . . I emailed the supplier and they gave me a full refund and told me to keep it . I used it for thanksgiving on the turkey and it seemed to work ok . . although I got a error mssg . some of the time . It seems as though the probes are subject to failure . I want to get the maverick upgrade with shielded cables.Also on the directions it makes note not to use this product on a bbq , which is why I got it in the first place !
 -- Updated Review -- Maybe I was just being greedy for the price ... my initial review of this thermometer was good , but since my last review the unit has stopped working . First one side would give back odd readings , then the other stopped working all together , and soon the whole thing was a mess.If you want something you can throw away after a few months , the price is ok for this . If you want to buy the best thermometer you 've ever had , and are willing to pay for it , I would skip this and get a Splash-Proof Super-Fast Thermapen - Instant Read Thermometer.It 's the only thing I use these days , and still works months later .
 CAUTION
 The concept of this product is good . Nice display , and timer . Different modes for cooking , and has the temperature levels for different foods pre programmed.However , both of my probes failed after very little use . They are not well designed , and can not take the normal wear and tear of the kitchen .
 This thermometer worked well for a couple of months then the probes started failing . The cost of replacement probes with shipping makes it not economical . I do n't know if the silicon leads is the weak point or not . I do n't recommend . I will look for another manufacturer than Polder . I do like the dual probes and not having preset cooking temps .
 I feel cheated . The probe did not work even on its first use . I placed the probe in the middle of a brisket I was grilling and within a few minutes the probe read HH . I changed probes and within a few minutes it again read HH . Nowhere in the instruction manuel did it explain what HH means , but it obviously means it does n't work , because the probe does n't . I will be requesting a refund .
 ... but then I went through four temperature probes in a year - each time being more gentle than the last , to no avail . The first base unit I had broke after being set on top of my run of the mill Kenmore stove for an hour while I cooked a pork roast at just 325 . The stove top was 125F , per my infrared thermometer . I think a kitchen thermometer should function at kitchen temperatures.The second base has worked fine , except that it makes the same skull-tingling alarm-volume shriek with every button press . If its a joke , I do n't get it . Wow , is it loud . At least that means the alarm is loud and cleareven if you wander over to the neighbor 's house with meat in the oven ... One morning , I woke my roommate up just setting the temp on it . He 's a rock guitarist who does n't wear earplugs on stage . He thought it was a fire alarm . And it shrieks like that with every single degree , starting from 175 default.Anyway , I gave it 3 stars up to that point . Then the temperature probes started breaking . First , I used one in the grill . My bad . Then one broke at 425 . New pack . One dead at 350 , and a month later , the fourth died , also at 350 degrees . I 'm pretty sure Polder has no idea how to make a good product .
 Thermometer came with two probes . One was defective . Device works well & very accurate . Apprehensive about the defective probe so I ordered a back up from Amazon & paid for it to avoid refund hassle .
 Not much too say . The unit was working but both probes failed , probably from heat , the first time I used it . Apparently the probes can not take the heat of a grill . I notice that Polder replacement probes are metal sheathed , while these appear to be a high temp plastic , but not teflon . Unfortunately , this unit is not compatible with the replacement probes . Dissappointing at best . It may have worked okay with an oven at lower temperatures .
 I have quite a collection of Wusthof knives which would not all fit in the block I had , and some were stored in drawers making it inconvenient so I purchased this knife block because it has 23 slots and I thought that would solve my knife storage situation.When I opened the box I was not pleased that the block was not wrapped properly and somewhere during shipping it had received a nasty blow to the edge leaving a dent and splinters.After contacting Amazon a replacement was sent out , and yes , the same situation , it also arrived damaged.Before sending the second one back I decided to see how well the knives would fit in the block and again I was disappointed . Most notably , the clever slot was not wide enough to accommodate , as was the case with most of the slots . In addition , the edges of the slots were poorly done and had very rough edges . The block itself had a nice finish but overall it appeared to be a low quality block.I sent both blocks back then purchased a 25 slot block by Wusthof . The price was much higher but so is the quality . It has a lovely finish , smooth edges and everything including the clever fits beautifully.I would not recommend the Mundial KB-23 block , especially if your knives are by Wusthof
 I thought that I already sumbitted a comment on my expereince with this item . I received it in poor condition . The base was not connected to one of the main pieced of the humidifier , nor would it properly fasten . I sent it back & Amazon refunded my money in a timely manner .
 I should have listened to other reviewers , this humidifier is so loud ... and I live in Manhattan , and I thought it would never disturb me . But it disturbed the cat , the entire Upper East Side and me.I did n't incur any less dry heat induced nosebleeds and was n't always sure when the thing was working.It was returned today .
 I got model HM 1280 -LRB- similar to 1230 -RRB- on sale because we needed a second humidifier for another room on another floor of the house . The one I had , a Vicks brand `` ultrasonic cool mist '' kind , is superior , even though it is harder to clean and is not as well designed ergonomically as the Holmes 1280 . CONS
 I wish I read the other reviews before I bought this . After a long night of dealing with a croupy kid , I went out and bought the first humidifier I found to replace the one that died last year . Even on the low setting , this unit is incredibly loud . My kids room is across the hall from mine and the noise kept ME awake . The turbo fans we use in the summer are less noisy . I 'm taking it back today .
 Even though I bought this thing at the discounted price of $ 22 , it was n't worth it.First , the thing is very noisy . I used it as a white noise machine , which was nice for me , but it 's probably not intended to be that.Second , and it 's an inexcusably silly design oversight , a screw in the machine that makes constant contact with the water is metal . It rusts very easily , making the filter very orange , the water orange and most likely emitting orange humidity.The machine is built very cheaply , quickly and carelessly .
 I was so glad to get such a good deal pan + a glass lid , but the pan is a really bad quality , i clean it in dishwasher and often fat sticks to the surface . Plus the pan is not entirely flat so while frying something oil does n't distribute evenly on the surface.The lid is very good on the other hand and I use it even for other pans .
 This pan came with its bottom screwed up ... did not turn it back cause I am lazy to do so.I notice that on the heat , the teflon cover started to have small bubbles and after few times using it , the teflon started to come out ... as I know , teflon could cause cancer . I throw it away . Hope to find a better pan .
 I received these as a wedding present and was very excited because I 've always had good luck with Kitchenaid brand kitchen products . These bowls , however , are one product you should n't waste your money on ! I had a similar set at the time by Walmart -LRB- which I still have -RRB- . After less than 6 months of having and using these -LRB- at least 3x/wk -RRB- , I found one cracked , one chipped on the pour spout , and the other one is becoming discolored . I 'm super disappointed with this particular product and would encourage you not to waste your money , and go with a Walmart or Target brand equivalent instead . More for you money and it outlasts -- my Walmart brand ones -LRB- which I get FOUR of for less than this price -RRB- have outlasted my Kitchenaid bowls -LRB- and I 've had my Walmart ones for over 6 years now -- only one has become slightly discolored -RRB- . Good luck -- hope this helps save you some money !
 I absolutely LOVE Kitchen Aid products , but this one honestly disappoints me . I have the red set . When mixing a batter , I noticed little pieces of red in the batter . The plastic chips off when mixing with an electric mixer . Not a big deal if you do n't mind eating plastic or having bits of plastic visible to those eating it . If buying these bowls , I recommend getting a mixer with silicone guards on the spatulas or just not buying these bowls period . Come on Kitchen Aid !!!
 As with everything I do ... I researched this allot and finally went with these bowls.One thing I did not notice is that it comes with no lids . The cheaper set it replaced had some decent lids to use with it . To me this is a major flaw -LRB- however it is my fault for not realizing this before I bought them . -RRB- Another thing is that due to the shape of these . . they really are dedicated mixing bowls and ca n't really be used for serving food at the table . So that means I have to dirty two sets of bowls . The upside is that on the seldom occasion I need to pour something from these the design lends itself well to that whereas in older bowls I had to sue the corners to pour something and it was not as nice or accurate . Let me stress this really has to do with how I use the bowls and for me the ease of pouring vs. use for serving at the table weighs heavily against the bowls.Another negative for me that some may view as a positive ... this are semi-heavy bowls for being plastic . This goes to the durability vs. ease of use and can be viewed as a plus or minus . To me these seem to be just a 20 percent too heavy to use comfortably all the time.Finally these get HOT in the microwave and are not microwave safe ... Overall these fail at what I was looking for . As other have noted the hard plastic does get slippy when wet as well . I would not get these again ... Learn from my mistakes .
 I bought one to see if I liked it . I agree this is a great idea , but the relatively thin plastic will surely crack if used much for travel . Even if used only at home , it is a pricey item if you have lots of ties as I do . I 'd purchase dozens more if the price came down a bit -LRB- maybe $ 3.60 or so -RRB- , or they made a travel version that will withstand constant packing and unpacking in tightly stuffed suitcases . I 'd pay more for that .
 Your ties do arrive wrinkle-free but the plastic is too thin and chintzy so the roller cracks after enough use . This is particularly true since ties have been thicker for the past few years.What they need to do is -LRB- 1 -RRB- make this thing with a higher quality plastic and -LRB- 2 -RRB- maybe a larger circumference . I 'm giving this one a 2 but it could easily be a 5 .
 Although the product is marketed as a fit for thick ties , none of my ties do fit and I do n't even label them thick , rather normal in size . A pity that they do n't make the circumference a little bit bigger as the idea is great and probably works well if your ties are short and very thin .
 i purchased the tie caddy through amazon but never received the product . I only got partial refund because i still be charged the shipping cost . i swear to God that my mailing address is accurate and I did buy thing through amazon before and never had a problem ! the shipper told me the address is incorrect and UPS can not deliver . i do n't know who can help me this time ?? i contact the shipper and she agreed to deliever again but still can not send it to me . `` incomplete address '' golly ! i have been living there for 3 years !
 I first received a new mom mug , sent that back for the correct item and then I received a sisters mug . At that point I said forget it .
 I bought the Cal King 4 inch 100 % Visco Elastic Memory Foam Mattress Pad because my mattress was firmer than what I wanted . I was dissapointed with the pad from the time I received it . The pad is long enough , but it is definitely not wide enough . It is about 4 inches short of the edge of my mattress . Also , I thought 4 inches was going to be thick , but within an hour of laying on the pad it is completely flat and does not offer any support . I 've had the pad just over a month and I am considering throwing it away . The company put a `` restocking '' fee on the return of this product . They obviously did this so they are not as likely to have them returned . By the time you lose the shipping the first time , the restocking fee and shipping to return you have quite a bit of money into a product you do n't have any longer . I am a very dissastified customer .
 The product is n't bad . But there is no warranty . I emailed and asked about the 100 night sleep trial , and was sent a copy of the warranty . Warranty is 100 % doublespeak
 foam pad seemed to be very comfortable , but only after a few nights the foam lost its memory . or in other words flattened out were we sleep so now my wife and i both sleep in depression . we assumed memory foam would keep its memory ?? PLUS THEY WOULD N'T WARRANTY IT !!!! DO N'T BUY ITS JUNK !!!
 I 'm sorry to say this is the worst memory foam pad i 've ever tried to sleep on . its not soft at all and as you sleep it makes a dent where your weight is and all the foam around you lifts up and pushes at your body . I hate it . I made a mistake in buying it and would return it if it was n't such a terribly bulky thing to try and wrap up now its aired out.my plan is to make dog beds out of it and i 'm out the 99.00 i thought would be an amazing birthday gift to myself.but i 'm happy that I finally have used amazon , this was my first purchase on Amazon and in no way do i think this terrible product is a reflection on amazon . it arrived sooner than expected and the box was in shape . I will be back to amazon for many shopping things . but never will i buy something like this again on the internet .
 Price was good , shipping was good and it shipped fast , but the product lacked on any support was like rolling up in a peace of foam and we have a serta mattress thats to firm and a 40 dollar mattress pad on top of it , refund was fairly fast once we got done playing phone tag
 Everyday I used two Holmes humidifiers , smaller ones than this model . I 've used them for two or three winters , storing them in the summer , and I 've had great results . That 's why I usually buy a Holmes product , when the choice is to be made.This time , though ... hmmm . Bad luck . At first , the unit seemed to run perfectly . Though , I did think that I heard a ` crack ' when I was filling the tank , the first time . Anyway , after a week or so , all of a sudden I noticed that the humidifier had gone to ` reset ' and the tank had cracked all over like broken glass -- a bit of water had leaked out , too.I ordered a replacement tank . That cracked after the first use.I 'd been convinced that the problem was the tank -- not the main ` engine . ' But , perhaps I got a bad unit and any tank would crack on it . There was nothing to indicate that , though -- it seemed to be running fine , until it cracked .
 Unit is brand new.Good features
 i used holmes HM5305 warm mist humidifier which has mostly the same features as HM5601 . we filled the tank full before going to bed , turned it on and set the humidistat in the middle setting . when we woke up , the water tank was melted and it was still halfway empty . what was the automatic shut off for ? could have been a fire hazard .
 I made the error of ignoring some of the previous reviews that said this machine does n't work . I had bought Holmes products before with a lot of luck , so I took my chances . The result ? I got a piece of junk . It rarely ever works , and when it does , it generally stops well before the tank is even close to empty . We usually have to let it sit for hours to get it to work again . We finally decided to just return it .
 The humidifier does a reasonable job set on high , but the tank only lasts about six hours in that case . If you set it to low it will last 24 hours , but do n't expect it to service more than a small room in that case.Cleaning is n't bad . Get a little CLR and an old tooth brush to make your life easy.The filters Amazon listed for this product wo n't fit . If I had known that I would have purchased a different humidifier , but it is n't enough to make me want to send this one back ... it is just an annoyance that I bought the filter , waited 10 days for it to arrive on a two day shipping charge , and when I got it it was all a waste of money.Peter
 Works fine until it does n't . First one died immediately . Replacement died when after two seasons .
 Died within 5 minutes ... refuse to reset no matter what ... just returned it .
 I bought a ` Holmes HM5601-UC Warm Mist Humidifier ' from an on-line dealer on November 21st -LRB- 2006 -RRB- and received it in a couple of days . It was a bit confusing , as some dealers listed it as `` filterless '' and others said it had a filter -LRB- which means , at least , a yearly replacement cost -RRB- . The unit , which had a filter , arrived in a couple of days and when I got around to opening it up , to check it out and read the ` Instructions , ' I saw that the manufacturer recommended both ` Daily ' and ` Weekly ' Maintenance . ` Daily ' was probably not possible for me to do , but in the past , I 've Cleaned the Tray and/or Base each time I Refilled the Water Tank and I always use ` Filtered ' water . I 've never used `` White Vinegar '' -LRB- which is specified by Holmes -RRB- because the odor creates a problem for my roommate . Nor have I ever used `` Chlorine Bleach '' to clean the Water Tank , for the same reason . I have and do use a cleaning product made by Bionaire.I then read the `` Warranty '' which says - in bold print
 Getting the reset light to go off is harder than it should be . It is such a hassle to get the light off and get the thing started . It 's an awful waste of time . This is a horrible product . I would n't give it to my worst enemy . Bionaire makes a much better humidifier .
 Otherwise trustworthy Bionaire has produced a defective model . I 've been through two of them now , both with similar problems . They tend to shut off despite enough water being in the tank , and no other visible problem . First one never worked right , the second lasted for two months before it continually flashed the reset light . Customer service could offer no solutions . Stay away !
 I have owned Bionaire humidifiers for decades . After the last one gave out , I bought this one . The others were whisper quiet , this one is noisy - especially when set to high . When the others needed refill , you refilled it and turned it back on . With this one one has to wait 5 minutes while unplugged before restarting , and half the time the orange refill light turns on shortly thereafter and you have to start the 5 minute process all over again . Lately it constantly stops , orange refill light on , although the tank is almost full . By the way , the water tank is IMPOSSIBLE to clean because the hole is not big enough to get your hand in there.Really awful design , very surprising for Bionaire . Only good thing
 Too bad I did n't come here first , at epinions nobody had the reset problem but I sure did . It 's too bad too because this thing is a technological marval ... except it 's defective from the very start.My water is somewhere between hard and soft but more to the soft side . I read that using distilled or water with no mineral content will allow the boiler to boil less and therefore not trip the automatic shutoff.I now quote from the review of a Sunbeam on this site : `` A vaporizer only works well if the mineral content in your water is `` ideal '' , so you may have to make simple adjustments if the water does n't boil -LRB- add salt -RRB- , or if it boils too rapidly -LRB- add distilled water -RRB- . This will prevent `` spurting '' , boiling over and overheated reservoirs . `` The problem is it is ridiculous to buy a water distiller for a unit that already has a good filter in it already ! The unit boils like the bejesus on low , putting it on high pushes it over the edge and it shuts off with the red blinking `` reset/refill '' light . I tried 4 times and even called tech support -LRB- they were pretty clueless , are you listening Bionaire ? -RRB- . It 's really a pity too because the humidistat can be placed away from the unit and it wirelessly communicates to make sure the room is evenly humidified.I think the problem is that the water does not go high enough in the tray and you ca n't tilt it to fix the problem -LRB- most warm mist are designed that way for some reason .
 I had just purchased the humidifier and followed all instructions to set up the system . After running for 15 seconds , the machine 's reset button started to blink , which by the way should only be blinking if it runs out of water . Staring dumfoundadly at a full water resevoir , I followed their reset procedure only to have the same thing happen again ... and again ... and again . When I called customer service , they explained that the only time the reset light will come on is if there 's no water left in the resevoir or if there is a mineral build up on the heating element . I explained that I had just bought the system less than an hour ago so there 's no chance that there is a build up of any kind and that the tank is full . Their response was to return it and bring home another system and try that one . I am definately returning it , but will not be purchasing another bionaire system , or anything that has the bionaire name printed on it .
 I had problems with this unit right out of the box . I experienced the reset problem , but there are two reset problems you should know about .1 . On the initial run of the unit , you need to ensure that the reservoir where the heating elelment sits has enough water in it . Bionaire tells you to fill the actual water tank , seat the water tank and wait five minutes . If you simply pour water into the small internal reservoir , you can bypass the initial continual reset problem .2 . The other type of reset problem is the one that the reviewer named `` Workout Queen '' -LRB- from Canada -RRB- experienced . That is when the unit runs perfectly fine for about a month or so but then the unit will continually reset when you initially set the unit to `` high '' . Yes , turning the unit on low will work and it will run , however , I have not been able to get the unit to engage into the `` high '' setting . Like the Queen said , the element gets too hot and then resets.It appears that it 's a quality control issue because Bionaire is simply sending me another unit without any fuss at all.This unit used to be the recommended humidifier for musical instruments -LRB- like harpsichords and other string instruments -RRB- but you need to get the darn thing to work first.It bubbles and boils irregularly so I probably would n't want this in my bedroom . Better to have a constant drone in the background , but I suppose that is probably an individual preference.Also , you must realize that it boils the water to get the vapor/moisture out . So it will use up much more electricity than a cold mist unit -LRB- Kaz , Holmes etc. -RRB- . Also , since it heats up , you might not want to leave this running if you 're out of the house . Yes , it is supposed to shut off when the water is empty , but with these other quality issues is this a feature that you would really trust?On the plus side , the unit is wicked easy to clean and fill . And the digital humidistat is nice -LRB- if it is indeed acurate -RRB- . There is only one filter to replace and it 's supposed to last quite a while . The one issue that gets me nervous is the warning notice for handling the filter : `` Keep out of reach of children . Avoid contact with eyes and skin . Hands should be cleaned immediately after handing the filter . If contact with the contents of the filter is made with skin , rinse with water . This product is not intended for human consumption . If ingested , do not induce vomiting and seek immediate medical attention . `` Great day in the morning ! What the heck is that thing made out of and what planet did they get it from ? The best part is the `` if ingested '' part . Ha ! Have you LOOKED at that thing ? It 's big solid plastic donut looking thing with plastic bars around the filter area . It 's HUGE ! Who , in their right mind would want to wrap it up in puff pastry and bake and eat it ? Maybe someone might accidentally put it in the candy dish on the coffee table , but even then ... it 's HUGE !
 In my opinion the reset problem and occasional burbling are not problems . My main beef is it 's too hard to clean . A few weeks after replacing the filter the deposits start adding up . It has to be cleaned basically every time you refill the tank . Soaking in vinegar does n't do much and requires a lot of vinegar as the entire bottom reservoir must be filled . The -LRB- phosporic-acid based -RRB- cleaner sold on the website is slightly better but in the final analysis you have to resort to hand scrubbing . And there 's the hitch ! You ca n't reach parts of the element , not even with a toothbrush . Why they could n't center it just a little further away from the edge of the `` wall '' is beyond my comprehension . I spent more time last winter with the thing taken apart & trying various methods of cleaning than with it running . I would n't buy it again .
 This `` nifty '' piece of machinery was the one choice at my local store and so , I got it . I really wanted to get the Air-O-Swiss one but alas , it can not be found or shipped to Canada ... weirdly.So far , I am less than impressed . Took me forever to even get it working . The constant resetting is tiring . I did find a solution -LRB- initial anyway -RRB- - you fill the tank but also fill the inside reservoir -LRB- where the round filter is -RRB- and then it works.The noise it makes is NOT easy to get used to , no matter how tired you are.I am trying it for one night , then if I ca n't sleep I will return it . It 's not worth the money . My advice ? Save up and get the Air-O-Swiss .
 Several buyers/reviewers have complained about the tendency for this humidifier to switch to reset mode without any particular reason , requiring a manual restart . I incautiously ignored those warnings , purchased this model , and find it nearly useless . I have since purchased another brand of warm mist humidifier with a similar adjustible humidistat . -LRB- My more recent purchase lacks the relatively unimportant remote available on the Bionaire , but I 'll take reliability any day over an added gadget on a machine with unacceptable and time-consuming random resets . -RRB- DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE .
 This product does not fully work with the Roomba 400 base model . It merely acts as a charging station that you manually have to set the Roomba 400 on . The Roomba 400 does not have the technology or cabability to find and return to the Home Base , nor does it have a button to direct it to do so . Do not buy this product to go along with a Roomba 400 . Use the plug-in charger that comes with it instead .
 Does not seem to be charging the roomba and apparently one of two bulbs are not working .
 Does not work at all . I purchased a Roomba vacuum not long after they first appeared on the market . This Roomba does not seek out the home base and further , does not charge the Roomba when I physically place it on the home base . Take care in ordering . It does not work and Amazon does not allow a return if 30 days have passed .
 Sometimes it works perfectly and sometimes it does n't , not a big deal I just pick it up and dock it by hand .
 I had bought this thinking that I would n't ever have to plug roomba in to charge . That did n't happen . If Roomba is in another room when the battery is running low , he wo n't make it to the charger . So you still have to pick it up and carry it to the charger , so what is the point ? -LRB- I have an `` L '' shaped living area , and it is n't even that big -RRB- You have to `` babysit '' roomba anyway . Sometimes his back cover falls off and you have to put it back on -LRB- very annoying , why wo n't it stay on ? -RRB- Roomba can also get stuck in places or pick up something you forgot to get out of the way and run until the motor burns out -LRB- at least they gave me a replacement -RRB- So it just is n't worth the money . I just bend over and plug it in myself and saved the 50 bucks .
 It is a fan , it moves air , it is reasonably quiet . There is nothing commercial grade about it . It is also not worth the $ 70.00 price I paid . This fan makes me feel like a sucker . It is my fault for not reading the the reviews . I assumed 5 stars meant everything was perfect . When something is n't as advertised , it should n't be given 5 stars . this fan is 90 % plastic . Hopefully it is the motor that is what I paid for . This fan appears to be more of a $ 20 - $ 30 fan.I would pick a different fan for less money . It works , but it 's not commercial grade . I 'm going to try it for a few days , but I will probably return it for a fan of the same quality , but for $ 40 dollars less .
 Had 2 of these go on me now . They 're cheaply made . One had an electrical problem . The other had the plastic piece break that turns the fans sideways . The price is some of the highest that I have seen out of all oscillating fans . I thought I was paying for quality . I was wrong . I 'm tempted to just throw my 3rd one in the garbage before it goes too .
 I agree with `` Phil Man '' of Ohio . I ordered despite bad reviews and had the same problem . My credit card was billed the day I ordered but a month later my battery still was not shipped due to `` manufacturer delay '' . The claim on Amazon 's site still says that it usually ships in 2 days . I cancelled my order even though my Roomba still has a dead battery .
 this battery only less eight month and you have to keep buying this high dollar battery since no other battery available on market . They can asking any price they want to .
 The battery did not work at all . That 's it . I have opened the pack . There is no warranty or anything . So , I am stuck with it . What can I say ?
 I bought this product and it never worked . I put the battery in my roombaand it showed it needed a charge . I charged the battery but it would not hold a charge . The battery is junk ! I 'm a very busy person a do n't have time to chase returns . I just wo n't buy from you again.Thanks for wasteing my time and money , David Canning
 These batteries are NOT new - barely last 30 minutes before dying . They are advertised as `` new '' , but arrive in a plain brown box . If they 're `` new '' , where is the iRobot packaging ? I ordered 2 and ended up returning both . When batteries get old , they lose their charge , which is why I had to order a new battery in the first place . I subsequently ordered APS battery from iRobot and it lasts roughly 1.5 hrs per charge -LRB- as advertised -RRB- . These batteries are much cheaper at Amazon for sure , but quite useless . Save your money and buy them from a vendor that actually sells them new .
 Works great when you first get it . But , only lasts about a year . Should be of higher quality .
 While Roomba is a backache saver , replacing batteries and spending time on the phone with iRobot is a stress maximizer . Tech support is terrible and plain and simple , the batteries have only about a 4 month lifetime when Roomba is used everyother day . At a price of about $ 300 for the iRoomba and $ 50 for every battery , you might as well have a cleaner every two weeks . EVERYTHING will get clean and you wo n't get frustrated . Do n't buy Scuba , Roomba or anything from iRobot . If iRobot reads this , maybe they will realize that after 3 Roombas and countless batteries , they should have refunded my money simply for the engineering testing I did for them .
 Roomba battery was shipped to me 9/6/07 . Today , 10/7/07 , the battery is completely dead . Even after 24 hours + charging , is is still flashing red , and will not respond . I 'm not sure whether the battery was refurbished , but it is certainly NOT worth $ 50 plus shipping . How about I reurn your defective battery , and you refund my money . I expect better than this form Amazon and their suppliers . FYI - software has been recently upgraded through I-robot . I will obtain genuine replacements from them in the future . Thank for your prompt attention to this matter.Cindi A. Joyce
 First battery ordered on 4/17 went dead after a couple days . Amazon sent a replacement . The replacement battery is dead on arrival . Now I am the one that feel quilty to ask for either another set or a refund . The Roomba is now just collecting dust together with the brand new 2nd battery . iRobot should change their battery supplier .
 This battery did n't work . I charged it for the initial 16 hours , and tried to run my Roomba . It worked for about 10 minutes , and then it acted sporadically giving me many different error messages . After contacting iRobot customer service , they informed me that the battery was not made by them and that this battery could potentially have messed up by Roomba . Very frustrating !
 On this page it says this is a review of the iRobot Roomba APS 4905 battery and that is not true . My major point here is that this is not a iRobot Roomba APS 4905 battery . This battery -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- is a rip off and a knock off . DO NOT PURCHASE IT . THIS ITEM IS NOT WHAT THE PHOTO DISPLAYS . It also is 1/3rd the weight of my original Roomba battery . I charged it for 36 hours and then took it off the charger . In less than 8 hours I tried to start the Roomba and the battery light flashed red . In the past I have purchased from Amazon listed sites . No more unless I know the seller . The positive reviewers of this product either work for the seller or should be institutionalized for mental health care . Oh did I say this is a waste of money or that I hated being ripped off .
 The battery was great when we first got it but it would n't take and hold a charge long enough after about 20-30 recharges .
 A review of this replacement Roomba battery ca n't be made until it has been in use for some time . For the first few weeks thusfar , it has functioned properly.However , this is a replacement for another Roomba battery bought through -LSB- ... -RSB- in May 07 . That battery , which was used to depletion approximately once a day , began showing signs of deterioration by Oct 07 . The original battery that came with the Roomba lasted well over a year when in full daily use . The May 07 battery did not match that performance , and is now used every other day when it runs for about 40 to 45 minutes -LRB- and is steadily decreasing -RRB- rather than the 90 minutes a good battery should run on carpet .
 I purchased a refurbished Roomba . It worked surprisingly well . After only 3 uses , and a fresh charge after every use , it failed to operate . It only showed a dead battery after a thorough charge . Amazon offered to refund my purchase since their supply on these refurbished units was out . I got a really good price on the Roomba -LRB- $ 69 -RRB- that I figured I 'd keep it and buy a new battery . I found the review about resetting the battery and thought it would work but it did n't . I followed the procedure and was pleased to see that it was actually charging overnight without indicating that the battery was already full after only 5 minutes of charging . After 3 days on the charger , I attempted to use it , but it shut down indicating low battery . So now I 'm forced to buy a new battery.Update
 Bought a pair of these batteries for two robots that i own . One battery has been working like a charm . The second battery would not hold a charge . I sent it back and it was replaced very quickly . However the replacement did n't hold a charge either . I sent that one back also . They would not send me a third replacement , so I had to get a refund . I am now in the process of ordering a battery from another supplier . Hopefully that one will work.The price is right on this site , but not if the batteries are not going to work .
 The picture I clicked on to place my order was not the battery that was sent to me . The battery store refunded my money , but I did not try to order again as I surmised that the same thing would happen .
 The battery was not a authentic Roomba battery like the picture shows and the advertisement says . What 's worse the thing wo n't hold a charge and has never worked . I guess I 'm out the money . It was the first time I used Amazon to purchase something and it is probably the last time . I was forced a star -LRB- s -RRB- in order to send this e-mail , so I put in a one - but I rate it a no stars and less . bah humbug !
 I have ordered replacement roomba batteries from these guys twice and both times the batteries barely lasted more than 6 months ; . The first time I figured it was a fluke , the second time I contacted them and was told their warranty is only for 6 months -LRB- hmmm , coincidence ? -RRB- . ALthough the price is a bit cheaper than buying direct from iRobot , iRobot has a 1 year warranty and every battery I 've bought from them has lasted well beyond that period . All in all , I ended up spending more money buying from these guys since it died so quickly .
 I am a long time Roomba user . I ordered two of these batteries and they hardly held a charge then soon -LRB- within a week or two -RRB- they werent working at all . I contacted the seller and they quickly replaced them but the replacements were not any good either . It is so frustrating . The picture shown is not the battery I received . They did not have the Roomba name on them . WASTED MONEY !!
 The seller , Allergy Be Gone , is not shipping the item that is being advertised here , they are substituting a cheaper knock off battery . Amazon has been made aware of this . Amazon ?? Are you going to act on this ????
 Not sure if it 's because it 's a generic battery and not genuine iRobot , but the battery charged up great the first time , and Roomba did a marvellous clean , with the battery running down only after about 2 hours!HOWEVER , after the next charge , the battery only lasted 20 minutes , and with the third charge ... well , it just wo n't charge.I have previously bought a Roomba battery elsewhere which lasted for more than 2 years . Having paid $ 40 for shipping to get it here , on top of the price -LRB- which was admittedly good -RRB- , I have wasted almost $ 100 ! I do n't have time to take it back to the post office and am not prepared to waste another $ 40 to post it back.Not happy!Natalie , Australia
 The battery died after 3 wks . I think it may have been defective , but not willing to go through all the inconvenience of returning it , etc. .
 The battery only stays charged for about an hour . Not sure if that 's normal considering my old one died a quick death .
 I bought an extra battery as spare . Unlike the original one that came with my Roomba , this one does n't always charge in 3 hours . Sometimes it does , sometimes it does n't . When it does n't , it does n't matter how long it is connected to the charger , it remains in a barely charged -LRB- orange light -RRB- state . I have to take it off the charger , run the vacuum once to the end song , plug it in the charger again and pray that it will work this time.Too bad I did n't test it when I received it from Amazon . I put it on the shelf and waited a year after my original battery died before I used this one . Moral of the story - test the battery as soon as you get it . Do n't assume it will work because it might not . I paid $ 50 for this lesson.Roomba should either address this production issue or allow second sources to make this battery .
 Bought this battery and most of the cells in the battery died within a month and a half . The original battery lasted almost two years -LRB- running at least 5 times a week . This one was a bit less expensive , but clearly is MUCH lower in quality . I would definitely avoid it .
 I just received this order and discovered that , despite the deceptive photo for the product description , this is a generic replacement and not an authentic iRobot brand battery . I have not yet tested it to see how well it performs ; but I am quite upset with the deceptive product description . Now that I read the reviews others have written , I find several reviews that point out that this is a generic brand battery -- I wish I had read those more carefully before buying this battery.There are several other companies selling aftermarket batteries for the Roomba on Amazon . I have no idea if they are better or worse than this one -- but several are cheaper and clearly identify themselves as aftermarket , 3rd party batteries . I decided to pay a little bit more for this battery because I thought I was getting an iRobot brand battery.So , if you are considering buying this battery hopefully you read these reviews more carefully than I did and know ahead of time what you are getting for your money .
 It takes long time to charge and it only can use for about 30 mins . and the lifetime of the battery are short -- less than a year .
 I bought this to replace an original dead batter for the Roomba . I followed the charging procedures and then let it do it 's thing . The battery lasted for about two months . After that , the roomba would dock and charge full , then when I told it to clean , it 'd start cleaning for 15 secs , then it 'd start beeping and die . Now my Roomba just sits on the ground collecting dust .
 The APS 4905 I purchased worked for about two weeks . After that , nothing . The charger blinks continuously when this battery is placed in it , but the stead light that indicates that it 's charged never comes on . -LRB- The recharger works fine with two other batteries . -RRB- We also have an older recharger that recharges the battery while it 's in the Roomba . That does n't work , either.How can I return or exchange this ?
 This battery works so far , but be aware that it is NOT the Roomba Advanced Power System battery shown in the picture but the much cheaper off-brand that so many others have found defective and worthless .
 Battery was very easy to find , easy to purchase and received very quickly.Looked in great shape and was what was ordered . Unfortunely it does not hold a charge and can not be used .
 I purchased two rechargeable batteries so I would have an extra for backup if needed . The orginal battery got to the point it would not recharge . Both of these new batteries are in the same condition . They will not recharge either . One of the new batteries worked for approximately 2 minutes and the other did n't even make it for a minute . I 'm very disappointed with these batteries . I love the iRobot Roomba when it was working . I 'm very unhappy now that it is not working . I wasted my precious money on two batteries which are worthless .
 That was a long time ago . It fit in my machine , but the battery did not last as long as the original battery , so , it is in the closet and not used .
 It worked great at first , but then started dieing after a few months . It is dead a year later . Can not recommend .
 Throughly disappointed with this product that is way too expensive , has very limited life span , this is the third battery I 've ordered and there will no more orders for this
 The battery did not hold a charge past a few months . As a result , my Roomba sits in a corner as a paper weight .
 If you look at the picture of the battery you will see that is says Roomba right on it , yet the one you get is a cheap replica that after only a months worth of use barely holds enough of a charge for 10 minutes of Roomba run time.What you see in the picture is not what you will get.My recommendation is do n't buy it from here !
 Apparently there is a reason why it is cheaper than the original.The buttery lasted barely 50 min.Very disappointing.I guess there is a reason behind the sentence `` you get what you paid for ''
 IT IS NOT THE OEM iRobot BATTERY advertised ! I purchased this specific battery because it was the least expensive OEM battery I found -LRB- Listed as iRobot plus iRobot battery photo -RRB- . It is an aftermarket knock-off . Amazon sent a Chinese off brand `` DucGreen '' . Similar aftermarket batteries can be purchased elsewhere for $ 10 - $ 15 less . It provided 45 minutes operation with my 400 series Discovery after a full charge . I will return it . Check this one if you do n't mind an inexpensive , aftermarket replicaCard Tenergy Replacement Battery -LRB- Grey Color -RRB- for iRobot Roomba 4905 400 series Vacuum CleanerAt least you will get what you paid for .
 I received a dead battery ! I used the roomba first-time charging instructions since no instructions came with the battery . The battery will not charge with either of two roomba units that I have . I e-mailed Alfaoutlet using the Amazon link and have not heard anything from either one on this issue . I do not recommend buying this product . You are better off purchasing from iRobot .
 As were so many others , I was suckered in by the large amount of positive feedback for this battery.First , let me start by saying that the item received was NOT an iRobot Roomba batter as pictured or advertised . It was a third party knock off manufactured by a company called Metapo . Do n't get me wrong , I dont mind non-OEM parts . Usually , they are cheaper and better quality than the original . Unfortunately for me , this was not the case.The battery charged fully , and the Roomba ran great for about two hours . The battery was recharged , and the second time the unit ran for about 45 minutes . The battery would not charge a third time ... simply flashed red while plugged into the charger.I called Metapo multiple times at the number they have posted -LRB- 408-826-8162 -RRB- ; however this usually resulted in the phone ringing 15 times and then dropping to voice mail . The few times that someone answered , they told me that I had to call back as the `` person who handles this is not in the office '' . I also sent two emails to the supplier via Amazon , and received no response.As a last resort , I 've called Amazon 's customer service and am being issued a full refund .
 The battery works ok . It has no where near the life of a new out of the box unit though .
 I love the Roomba and bought this battery from Battery Geek to keep mine running . What a joke . It lasted two , yes , two cycles . I followed the instructions exactly to get maximum life from the battery . The last month , I kept thinking someone was unplugging the unit and therefore the battery was n't charging . However , after careful watching , I realized that the battery is simply dead.I called Battery Geek and guess what , their voice mailbox is full . I can only guess what it 's full of . Do n't buy .
 Battery would only work for a short time -LRB- 2 minutes -RRB- then the Roomba would stop .
 I ordered this today and expected it to be delivered by September 14-18 . I read further that Target would not have this until December 31 . I had previously ordered this from the IRobot people and they said it was back ordered with no date of delivery suggested . They were however offering a terrific discount on a trade in for a new machine with all the bells and whistles , which would be a lot more expensive than the 50 bucks for a new battery . This is deceptive business practices at it worst and I plan on repporting Amazon , Target and IRobot to the BBB . I have canceled my order . The whole thing is very disturbing . BTW , the vacumm was purchased in December as a gift to my wife . The battery has died and it appears no new one is available anywhere .
 Bought this battery because they said it would work on my series 400 Roomba . It does n't . Period . Unfortunately , will have to buy genuine iRobot one .
 A waste of time and money . After fully charging the new battery , my roomba runs for 45 seconds .
 The item was never received and after 3 e-mails , I have not heard from the company about refunding my money or sending the product .
 Had to return the unit , did n't charge my Roomba at all . Unhappy that I have to pay return shipping charges .
 I have two Roomba 's , after one year of good operation they have been having battery problems . One Roomba was returned for refurbishment . They have good customer service , if you pursue them . The newly returned Roomba still has battery problems . The housekeeper which was very excited when I bought the Roomba now uses the vacuum cleaner .
 My $ 200 roomba which I loved to use daily for picking up dog hair stopped charging after 8 months . I was appalled to find that a new battery was $ 50 + and delayed buying one for a long time . I finally caved , got the new battery , charged it and used it once for 20 minutes , and it has n't charged since . What a disappointment and waste of money .
 The Roomba products are not much more than short term gadgets . Initially I was very happy with mine and even convinced 3 of my friends to purchase as well . One by one , theirs started to fail and a repair shop could not be located . Mine failed in just under 3 years of light usage . Based on the `` symptoms '' , I purchased a battery which seemed like the most likely solution . What a waste of money ! Now I am finding information saying that they are trying to sell some sort of chip or module to repair the problem ... . no thanks !
 I have an order stuck in limbo that Amazon claims they can not remove from their system . I ordered two Roomba products together back in Dec-2006 . According to Amazon , one of the products is from another supplier , and that supplier still does not have the product in stock . Anyway , the result is that I get email from Amazon every week that the shipment has been delayed , but the email , and repeated phone calls to Amazon , indicate there is no way to get this order stopped , so the emails keep rolling in.To Amazon 's credit , my second phone call did result in a creation of a new order and the shipment of the one product in this order they did have in stock , but the old order -LRB- with both products -RRB- is still stuck in their system.This is by far the worst experience I have ever had with Amazon .
 Tried to order it to replace the dead battery in mine . Three weeks after the fact , the company Allergy Be Gone told me they did n't have it and it would be at least another two weeks . Why did n't they tell me immediately that they could n't ship during the first three weeks ? I had to wait four weeks to get nothing .
 I would not know how to rate this battery . The Home and Beyond never delivered it . I waited 4 weeks for the damn thing and then Amazon canceled it because it was not filled . They never contacted me to let me know there is a problem . So far , I own a Scooba and a Roomba and both do n't work . Customer service for I robot is appalling . If you can negotiate through their complicated support web site , all you do is swap e-mails , only to be told that the Scooba battery is on back order . My Scooba is less than six months old and already does not work . My Roomba is several years old and I was expecting to have to order a new battery . The problem is I am now more than 6 weeks into waiting for the battery . To say I am frustrated with both of these products would be an understatement . These products were designed to make my life easier . so far , they have made my life hard , as I spend more hours a day trying to get them to work , than they spend cleaning my house . I just want to talk to a real live person !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered this on Nov 9th . The advertisement said it would be available in 2-3 days . So 8 days later I check on my order . It turns out it is not available until Jan. 19th !!! I pointed this out to Amazon but they have still not updated the web site to reflect the long wait . They know it is not available but are still advertising `` Availability
 I ordered this iRobot Roomba battery on 5/4 and wanted to use it within a week -LRB- since the seller Buy it Now said the battery is in stock -RRB- . However after days I received an email said that the battery is on back order and I need to wait one to two weeks . Then I found out that Buy it Now already charged battery cost to my credit card , it is very hard for me to cancel the order , so I said I must wait for one or two weeks.My conclusion is that , I will not order anything from Amazon any more , Amazon is a bad place to let a bunch of lier and cheaters to use thier website to cheat people.The following is a mail I sent to Buy it Now Store.Hi , I ordered this product on 5/4 , today is 6/4 , you told me first time I need to wait for two weeks , then one more week , now it is more than 4 weeks . When I ordered it , it says in stock ; I promised my friend to get it in a week . Why you charged to my credit card immediately on 5/4 , if you do n't have the product ? You are really a bunch of liers and cheaters . You totally waste my time , it 's really a disaster.Please tell me what to do , either return the money back ASAP or send the battery to me immediately.Jack Zhou
 Amazon took over a month in shipping me this roomba battery . It works ok . Also the list price is too high on this Amazon site .
 Amazon 's sub-contractor sent me the knock off Chinese Roomba battery and not the APS battery which I paid more for . When I complained , this contractor told me to return it but I did n't want to pay for the extra freight . The cheap replacement battery had free shipping but the reviews showed it did n't last long so I bought the real battery replacement instead which cost more to ship . I did n't fee like I should have to pay freight twice when it was their fault in sending me the wrong battery but they took this stance . It was not worth the effort and mental energy to fight them so I kept this battery instead . I know Amazon would have handled this better directly but I do n't know how to contact Amazon as the website keeps directing me back to this contractor .
 This is not an actual Roomba battery -LRB- as shown in the photo -RRB- , but rather a cheap knock off ! It may run fine initially , but who knows how long it will actually work ?!? This battery is not at all associated with the Roomba brand . You can get cheap knock-offs even cheaper if thats what your looking for.I expect more out of Amazon than this . What a waste of my time and energy , Im Sending mine back .
 I never got the product I ordered . No explanation , just a refund on my credit card .
 I received my Roomba battery from go-vacuum . I followed the standard battery reset and charge procedure only to have the robot run for two minutes and die . After calling iRobot , the determination was that the battery had been sitting in inventory for too long . I paid the shipping to return the battery . iRobot shipped a battery to me for free .
 I purchased and received two batteries . Since they take overnight basically to charge , I put one in each sweeper and left overnight . In the meantime my wife destroyed the packaging materials , P/L , etc. in her usual manner of cleaning up my waste . The next day I used one of the sweepers as a test and all was fine . When I tried the second one , even though the green light says fully charged , the unit would go app 4 inches and stop with the red lighs and dead battery beep . Several attempts to charge the battery have failed . The one good battery will chare just fine in the 2nd sweeper.In another purchase I bought the quick charger Home Station that goes with the Roomba Sweeper . It will not work to charge the battery . I can plug straight into the unit and battery charges just fine . Not so in the home base charging unit.In a word or two , I was hosed two times buying here for the same type replacement products.I am out app . $ 100.00 for a really bad experience.Rodney Blair
 This holds long shallow blades -LRB- like a serrated , bread knife -RRB- ok , but a standard 8 inch Western chef 's knife , or a Japanese Santoku , flops over in the slot and falls out because the blade slots are too wide and too shallow . Obviously , knives falling out of the holder and banging around in the drawer is not the best solution.It looks nice , and I expect that it would last a long time , but since this item fails at the one thing it 's intended to do , I ca n't rate it higher than one star .
 When I was looking for Roomba 400 replacement filters I came across two listings on Amazon ; this one , for replacement filters by iRobot and another , replacement filers by Duogreen.I chose to go with the iRobot ones even though they were a few dollars more at the time because I wanted to make sure I was getting a quality product . However , I did not receive iRobot filters ! I received the Duogreen filters . The seller -LRB- iOttie -RRB- is selling the same filters on both listings , advertising them as different products , and charging different prices.The filters are not the same quality as the ones from iRobot . Next time I will pay a few dollars more and but from the iRobot store .
 I have never received the product and try to get an refund for 2 weeks now .
 If you buy something from this vendor you probably wont get it , but you will certainly get charged . Let the buyer beware .
 I have an order stuck in limbo that Amazon claims they can not remove from their system . I ordered two Roomba products together back in Dec-2006 . According to Amazon , one of the products is from another supplier , and that supplier still does not have the product in stock . Anyway , the result is that I get email from Amazon every week that the shipment has been delayed , but the email , and repeated phone calls to Amazon , indicate there is no way to get this order stopped , so the emails keep rolling in.To Amazon 's credit , my second phone call did result in a creation of a new order and the shipment of the one product in this order they did have in stock , but the old order -LRB- with both products -RRB- is still stuck in their system.This is by far the worst experience I have ever had with Amazon .
 All of the online sites that I researched looking for iRobot Roomba 4910 replacements filters sold them in a package of three and the picture of the items sold through your amazon site showed three replacement filters , but the package that I received only held two filters.I will not purchase items from that company again .
 These little filters are a must for the Roomba . But they are grossly overpriced on anybody 's website for what they are ; about 3 square inches of filter fabric sandwiched into a specialized plastic frame . There is not an easy way to just replace the fabric due to the design . So Roomba has engineered a very pricey maintenance part . As soon as our Roomba dies , that 's it . It 's not worth the high maintenance . And replacement batteries ... ? Forget it !
 I purchased this humidifier at K-Mart for my son 's room . It worked fine for 4 months , then stopped working . I opened it and discovered the wire carrying power to the heating element corroded through and broke.I emailed Holmes , and they were kind enough to send me a replacement unit . The replacement worked 3 months , then stopped working . The wiring appears to be intact , so I admit I do n't know what 's wrong with this one - the heating element simply does n't heat , despite cleaning it free of calcium deposits.As an alternative , I recommend Sunbeam 's 1118-500 Cool Mist Evaporative Humidifier . We have two of these units , and both work fine after 2 + years .
 I got these as a gift my sister-in-law to match my Empire Red mixer ... like other people have noticed , they are a shade or so darker -LRB- though not the really dark cinnamon -RRB- . The rubber base is great if you 're whisking something up , but my whisk -LRB- a metal kitchenaid one , btw -RRB- scratched the bottom and sides . Mine also faded in the dishwasher and the smallest one cracked at the lip when i tried to pour the contents of that bowl into a larger one.I wo n't buy these or any other plastic bowls again ; stainless or earthenware is the way to go !
 I 've had these bowls for a year . Pros
 I was thrilled when I found these and thought they 'd be good quality , being Kitchenaid products . For a year they were great . Sadly , the other day when I was cleaning one I found a large crack in it 's side . These did go into my dishwasher , but were also hand washed , and stored carefully .
 They say dishwasher-safe , however , they melt in the lower rack of the dishwasher -LRB- the only place they fit -RRB- . They were ok until dishwashing .
 I used these with no problem for a year but then noticed that the inside of the bowl used most often was scratched by the whisks of my mixer . I did n't even realize it until I was whipping heavy cream one day and noticed teeny tiny red plastic chips in my cream . The cream was full of little red particles coming off the sides of the bowl while mixing . I wonder how many times I ate those plastic particles not noticing if the food mixed in them was darker . I threw all the bowls out at an instant .
 I have these bowls . I used my hand mixer -LRB- these are `` mixing bowls '' -RRB- to make mashed potatoes . When I was finished , I noticed my mashed potatoes had tons of tiny red specks throughout . Do n't buy these unless you like to eat plastic !
 Do not like , wish I had never bought . Handles are slick when your hands are wet ! And sometimes the bowel slides on counter . Should have bought `` OXO Good Grips , '' will be my next set , but I did not like all the colors they had . All you are paying for is the brand name !
 I received these in May 2009 as a wedding gift and have used exclusively since . As a mixing bowl set , the sizes are nice and they nest well . What sucks about them is that they warp in the dishwasher , despite being described as dishwasher safe . All of them have also cracked in the bottom around the same time and now I need to replace them . The handles are uncomfortable also - if you are holding a bowl full of cupcake batter in one hand and trying to fill the pan using the other hand at the same time . I did get a few years out of them , but for a ` professional ' set I expected them to hold up longer after light use .
 I actually bought these at Target a while ago in the white color . They have all slowly cracked along the bottom so anything liquid just seeps out of them . Waste of money . If I spend $ 33 on a set of bowls I expect them to last more then a year or two ...
 Do not waste your money . These bowls are complete junk ! I expected much more from kitchenaid . You would be better off going to the dollar store for you bowls . And as if the quality was n't bad enough mine came all scratched up !
 I received the bowls rarely quickly . They were packed great . But the bowls were scratched & scuffed all over , at least the larger one on the outside . I did n't open the package to check the 2 inside bowls . Because of the condition of the largest bowl . I called for a return or to send it back & get a set of bowls that was n't damaged . Because of a severely broken leg & ankle , I ca n't walk or drive . The customer service rep. told me no problem he would have Fed-ex to pick them up . Well Fed-ex still has n't picked them up & I still have the damaged bowls . I feel they should issue a pickup but now I would like my money back because of poor customer service . Karen Lamb
 I ordered the product thru Amazon.com . After several weeks went by without hearing anything about shipment , I contacted seller by email . No response . I called , no response , I contacted Amazon , they contected seller and was told it will be shipped . I still got no info on shipment and afte 3 days i contacted Amazon again . They called seller and got no response . Amazon stood by thier A-Z warranty and refunded my money . My child never got the table . I would have given them a worse rating but that 's as low as it goes .
 On the one hand , I paid $ 3.50 for them , and they do what they are supposed to do
 I purchased this unit at Sears about 2 years back . It kept me warm through the night and I could agree with other reviewers that Bionaire was a great product . After the winter was over , I put the unit away in my closet . When another winter arrived , the Biornaire heater was put to use again , but this time the unit did not perform as well . The heater shut itself off after 10 minutes ; I followed the reset instruction but the heater was on for less than five minutes and shut itself off again . I called the customer service to report the problem because the unit was used for only 4 months . They offer me a replacement unit which is a HS3800-U , at my own shipping cost . The lesson here is to purchase a warranty with your bionaire products . That way , you are not struggling with a decision of whether or not you should spend money on the shipping -LRB- both ways -RRB- or just put that money toward a new product .
 I came very close to buying this product , but ended up choosing the `` Bionaire Micathermic Convection Heater w / Fan '' instead . I bought it in January 2011 ; and heating element died February 2012 -- 13 months later . I emailed Bionaire customer service and they said they ca n't help me because , surprise surpries , the warantee expired.Well Bionaire ... you stink and so does your product . This item aside , would you want to give your money to a company so unwilling to stand by their product ? If you have issues with your product down the road , do n't you want to know the company will go above and beyond to make it right ?
 After only one winter , the switch broke . It has some connection problem . Wo n't buy this brand again . Need a new one for this winter .
 Today I received thru Amazon the very similar BH3955 heater which arrived with the wrong wheels making it unusable because it can not stand up . I called Bionaire and they told me that it and several other heaters like it had been discontinued and I would have to contact Amazon for the correct parts !!!!!! This was my first ever encounter with Bionaire which I have now knicknamed Bionare/BuyerBeware . Their attitude in having manufactured , packaged and shipped a clearly defective item was `` Well tough luck sucker ! '' I would n't touch this or any other Bionaire item with a barge pole !!!
 Heater was great when it worked - absolutely silent , and kept my livingroom very comfortable . It turned itself off a few times , apparently as a result of overheating , as the user manual said it would . But , now , after a month of use , it suddenly turned itself off -LRB- it was n't a case of overheating this time - the heater felt tepid to the touch -RRB- and will not turn on no matter what I do . Will buy another brand next time .
 Wish I read other reviews before I bought this product . First , it 's much larger and obtrusive than expected . Quality looks cheap -LRB- though it attempts to look like the ionic breeze in style -RRB- , and when you turn it on it 's noisy - even on the low range . Put it on high and the noise level rises dramatically . Have noticed no real improvement in air quality . Stay away from this one .
 I was looking for a cheaper version to my Ionic Breeze Quadra ... This is definitely not it . I ca n't believe how loud this was on low . I do n't really see anything being pulled into it either when I kick up some dust . It 's going back to the store today .
 I have purchased 4 of these in the past 2 years and 3 of them quit working after 1 year . Do yourself a favor and go with honeywell ... you will regret tossing money away on these !
 I bought this unit at my local K-Mart cause I could not wait till it shipped due to extreme hay fever this year . Plain and simple , this thing is NOISY , even on the lowest setting . They say it is quiet on the box but it is not . This thing could wake the dead . I am boxing it up and returning it this evening . DO NOT waste your time or money on this piece of junk .
 I was sick of waking up every morning with red eyes and a stuffy nose , but I did n't want to dump a lot of money into an air purifier I was n't sure would work -LRB- some of the similar looking purifiers out there cost $ 200 - $ 300 -RRB- . So needless to say , cost was a factor in my choice of this Holmes purifier . And ... I guess it 's working -LRB- ? -RRB- . I left it on in my bedroom all day every day for about a month , and I sometimes wake up feeling less congested , but mostly I feel the same , so I ca n't tell if it 's some sort of placebo thing . If you 're looking for something that 's going markedly alleviate your allergies , do n't bother with this one -LRB- I ca n't speak for other companies/models -RRB- . But it does seem to help a little .
 Stay away from this one !!! Did not last more than 8 hours . It just stopped working !!!!! Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 i got mine from target . i initally bought it to circulate the air in my room and not necessarily to filter it ... it certainly did the job of moving the air and filtering it.however , after only about a month of use this thing started squeaking/chirping . . and it just got worse as the days went by ... after 2 months of use it would n't even start right . i would put it on the highest setting and it would just hum like it was on the lowest setting and then eventually get up to speed -LRB- after a few hours , sometimes days -RRB- . i am thisclose to throwing this in the trash because it makes so much noise . as soon as i use up the new filters i bought for it , it 's going in the trash.the noise is just unbearably loud . sounds like a bearing has lost its lubrication and is just rubbing plastic to rubber.very annoying .
 I bought this at walmart for $ 70 , because the picture on the box looks kinda like the sharper image ionic breeze -LRB- but it 's not ! -RRB- . it requires you to remove the wraper on 2 filters inside , which is easy enough . Like the ionic breeze I had , it was n't able to clear out the paint smell my new apartment have . But I figure I would give it a couple more days before I return it . 2 days later when I try to unplug it and move it to another electrical outlet , the LED indicators burned out . It is now on it 's 5th day and the fan seems to be noiser than before -- as loud as my frig . I knew for $ 70 I ca n't ask for much , but knowing what I know now I would n't even take it if it 's free .
 When turned on high it is OK , but when it is set to medium or low , there is a clicking sound , like the fan inside is hitting something . I have other Holmes units and they do n't do this . It 's going back after only one night .
 I bought this after seeing a similar product being used on a cooking show . It does fine with garlic or nuts , but not too well with onions . The problem I have with it is it just feels CHEAP . The plastic is thin and brittle . I ended up buying a smaller version made by OXO that is much better quality . And it also has a plunger that locks down for storage .
 I bought this for my wife , who absolutely hates chopping up onions . The bottom tends to fall off , sending chunks of onions all over the place . Also , the blades might not be sharp enough , because a lot of the onion pieces are not cut all the way through . I end up having to come in and slice everything up by hand , so this gadget is going to end up in our ` wasted money ' pile in our basement .
 this device is so cute . i love the pink color . it matches everything in my kitchen , because my kitchen is pink . the piece that separates the blade from the food does not stay on very well . the blades are DIFFICULT to clean . i make guacamole in mine and i have to take a butter knife to get in there and clean all of the avocado out .
 I read the reviews when I purchased this product and people liked it . I think it is a marginal product at best . You have to cut everything into small pieces before you put the food in . If I was going to go ahead and cut the food up that small I may as well just chop it myself .
 I had high hopes for this little unit , but was disappointed after using it for months in my bedroom . I give it two stars because it 's fairly quiet and compact . However , I could literally see it blowing dust out with the `` clean '' air . I did n't notice any difference in the air quality or amount of dust in my room . I would not recommend this air purifier to anyone .
 I bought this purifier for the room that my cats ' litter boxes are in . I was buying a replacement for a purifier I had which got lost in a move , and the model I had previously bought is no longer made . I wanted a model that was small -LRB- I live in a one bedroom apartment -RRB- , quiet , and can keep the dust from the litter boxes under control . I 've owned this one 6 months and while it started off quiet it no longer is . Not only is it loud but the loudness is n't constant ; instead of a constant whirring it sounds more like whirwhirwhir . Also , and most importantly , everything in that room stinks like dust . I essentially threw money buying this one ; I am now shopping for a new purifier .
 This product is a filthy mess , I just tossed mine in the trash today . And buyer beware , Bionire is a Holmes product .
 from new york , new yorkthere are 2 major things wrong with this -LRB- and every ? -RRB- holmes product i have been ` duped ' into using . it is much like when you buy a printer , the initial unit is a mere downpayment for all the cartridges you 'll need if you use it ` normally . ' the holmes air purifiers i have been intermittently stuck with do help clean the air and thanks to the standardization of the hepa filter -LRB- and no thanks to holmes -RRB- , work fairly well . the downside is they are extremely difficult to clean -LRB- i think i used an entire package of qtips -RRB- and you have to take the damned thing apart yourself to do so -LRB- hence i cleaned mine once and dumped it -RRB- if you like cleanliness , after using it a few months , once you look inside the thing you 'll be prompted to do likewise . the reason it 's popular seems attributable to one factor
 I do n't know what it is , but this air purifier just does n't seem to work worth beans . I 've got another , slightly older Holmes purifier -LRB- HAP-240 -RRB- that for some reason seems to work a lot better , although significantly louder . With this one , the air goes through the filter and comes out the other end as designed , but you just do n't get a sense of cleaner air in the room -- there 's almost zero odor removal . The filter appears to fit tightly , so it just does n't make much sense . Could be this model uses a different , less effective filter than the aforementioned model.Either way , I do n't recommend this product at all -- despite the fact that it runs very quietly on its lower settings -- it just does n't really do what it was designed to do . Very disappointed .
 Do NOT purchase a Holmes product with an ionizer . In fine print in their manual it says , `` Note
 I dont have this model , but I have a larger Holmes Air purifier , and agree with the other reviews - they get themselves very dirty very quickly . I have found though , that if you put the front cover -LRB- the part hardest to clean -RRB- in the dishwasher & run it on a light cycle , it comes out perfect . Wiping the rest down with a cleaning cloth does the job as well . I would n't recommending buying a Holmes product , btu if you already have one , hopefully this cleaning tip will help .
 Like many others who have reviewed this air `` purifier '' & I use that term loosely . I should have done my homework before purchase . I bought 1 of these for around $ 30 , and 2 `` Tower types '' which were $ 60 apiece . I do n't see much difference in the air quality in the rooms these are placed in . I leave them running 24/7 . The filters are $ 15 each or $ 25 for a 2 pack in my area . I have dogs and these filters need replaced at least once a month.I 'm tossing them out and springing for a decent one with a removeable and reusable filter .
 I am very disappointed to report that my once trusted brand is not as good as I thought . Obviously I did n't expect the inner pan of the cooker would start peeling especially a $ 300 Zojirushi Japanese made model . We never abuse the unit and always clean it with water and soft cloth after use and never use any metal or sharp object to touch the inner pan surface . There are a couple spots start peeling at the bottom of the pan as well as the edge of the measuring numbers on the sides . Unfortunately , it costs $ 100 + to get the replacement inner pan . My 10 + year Panasonic never had this problem.If you want to get some to late for a long time , stay away from this . If this is a $ 50 rice cooker , I would give it a 4 stars but a $ 300 Zojirushi failed after 3 years , 1 star is my rating .
 I am not impressed with this rice cooker ... for as expensive as it is I wanted something that cooked my rice to perfection . . not mush . The quality is great it just does n't do a great job of cooking rice . I should have returned it .
 The arrow used to choose the setting is gone just after a year , so my Zojirushi NP-HBC 18 rice cooker cant work .
 the rice cooker cook fine but while cooking the steam come out ands goes all over the counter the inside ring is all rusted they sent me another one it also rusted
 Everything I own is the Zojirushi , even the coffee maker . However , this rice cooker is some what disappointed , they have very fancy name `` Induction Heating System '' and make sound like some `` Break through '' technology to cook better rice . The fact is that my old and much cheaper Zojirushi rice cooker made `` equal or better '' rice and much better sushi rice . Do not wise your money , just buy the cheaper modal .
 My review is for its look , not for quality or functionality . So one star only for at least changed color from white , pink , or flowery to grey , close to stainless steel color.Unlike most reviewers , I have used fuzzy logic rice cooker for more than 18 years . I bought the National brand - now called Panasonic `` The brand Japanese trust '' for about $ 125 in 1991-2 . I like almost everything about it , most importantly the consistent quality of rice coming out of it . But the ugly pink color and shape has always bothered us . I use it average 4-5 times a week for all these years . Amazingly , this unit still works perfectly . But I have been looking for a newer updated looking one for years.It might sound ridiculous . But it is very important for me that it needs to look smart and stylish since it will sit on my kitchen counter everyday for years to come judging from my old fuzzy logic rice cooker that still makes perfect rice.Zojirushi 's products are always solid . I have no doubt about it . For those who have used any rice cookers , you know they never stop working anyway . For those who have used fuzzy logic rice cooker , with preset functions , you know the rice always comes out right , no matter it is sticky rice or brown rice or mixed , -LRB- if you are not too far off in measurement -RRB- . Porridge making is very easy and any other functions are not new either , except induction cooking and pressure cooking.Amazon has most comprehensive reviews , best price and one of the best customer services . It made shopping so easy . One of the reviews said it was modern looking . That was it . I ordered it . I was so looking forward for its arrival.The entire family was there to witness its unveil . Unfortunately , it looks so bulky and clumsy . Despite large , granite kitchen counter we have . It does not fit with the rest of appliances from Kitchen Aid to Cuisinart . I put it on the counter for a week . Trying to get used to its look . My husband calls it `` eye sore '' . My son calls it `` monster '' . I ca n't understand why Zojirushi who has built solid reputation for its line of products , still has not made any changes in its design.Zojirushi , though it bills itself as `` An image of innovation and thriftiness '' , is getting old and tired in terms of design . It needs people like a distance relative of Steve Jobs or some sort to help with its right side of brain -LRB- artistic side -RRB- . The newer design line of `` Zutto '' from Zojirushi seems to be an effort to improve the look , yet with much less functions , higher price is not justified . So it wo n't hurt to get some help for its left side of brain as well.In the meantime , I will continue use my 18 years old , ugly but still functioning perfectly National fuzzy logic rice cooker .
 Product did not work on first use . I now have to contact customer service . Did not expect this to happen on such a high end product . Truly disappointing .
 I use it for a year and the pot 's inner shell came off -LRB- $ 100 to replace the pot -RRB- . This morning , I tried to cook and received an error E 06 -LRB- manual said circuit errors , try to use a different outlet , no luck -RRB- . I called the company and they suggest sending it in for repair . This one is purchased Sep 2009 . Made in Japan and quality is like Made in China . I will never buy from this company again.I am Asian and we eat rice every day . I am going back to Tiger .
 I purchased it in January 2011 . The cooker has been used 2-4 times a week for the past 16 months . Everything worked great until this morning . The unit would not power up -LRB- the display still worked -RRB- . A board needs to be replaced , and warranty is only 1 year.So , the cost came to be about 16 dollars a month . I am now waiting to hear about the cost of the new board .
 The rice has terrible fishy smell after using `` keep warm '' function for 24-hour . Original , we thought it was the sealing issue.Later , we figured out that it came form the inner pan coating.Even without anything inside the pot , it smells after closing for a day.To avoid the harmful stuff the coating desorbs , we decide to throw it away and change to a stainless pan cooker.Don ' t buy the cooker with the coating pan for the sake for your health !
 I would give this rice cooker a 5 star rating , if it was n't for the unacceptably low quality of the nonstick pot inside . I use it not only for rice , but w make stews , casseroles and even soups in it as well . It works beautifully - so convenient to prepare dinner in the morning , put on the cooker and come back in the evening with dinner ready ! However , we all know that the nonstick coating does a ton of damage once in our bodies - so when the nonstick start to peel off - you need to replace it right away . In our experience , that means every 6 months . That 's jut not acceptable , in 18 months we will have spent the same amount as would we have bought a new cooker again ! And yes , we have , of course , only used nonstick friendly utensils . If anyone has come across a cooker that does n't peel like this please let me know as I would love to buy it !
 Have n't used any other rice cooker costing more than $ 100 . This Zojirushi NP-HBC18 was amazing in the beginning.However , after using it almost every single day for about two years , the coating of the cooking pan starts to get peeled off.We have to stop using it and a replacement costs $ 100 !
 Since this Zojirushi NP-HB18 10 cup rice cooker was made in Japan , I had assumed that this rice cooker would last more than just 3 years , but I was wrong . It simply just died after 3 years from being used everyday . ~ $ 300 / 3 years = ~ $ 100 per year of use . -LRB- ; _ ;-RRB- The clock works , but the keypad does n't , which pretty much renders this thing useless.From a Asian person who has eaten rice every single day of their life and at almost every single meal , this rice cooker is a waste of money . All types of white rice made in this rice cooker tastes the same as a white rice made in an on and off rice cooker , including sushi and sweet rice . -LRB- As long as you know how much water to use . -RRB- This rice cooker really was n't worth it for the price for how long it lasted and the lacking gba setting . Even after soaking the brown rice overnight , the rice made with the GBA and brown rice setting was chewy . -LRB- Yes , I did experiment with varying levels of water to cook the brown rice . -RRB- As for fuzzy logic of this machine , if you are a veteran at making rice and you know how much liquid different types of rice needs , fuzzy logic is n't necessary in order to get nice fluffy restaurant quality white rice.Pros : - Fuzzy logic will try to adjust the temperature and cook time when needed.-This rice cooker has never burnt my rice on the bottom , no matter what type of rice I 'm using.-Has a timer so I can set the rice to finish cooking at specific time.-Can control the texture of the white rice.Cons : This rice cooker does not make exceptionally better brown rice than other rice cookers with brown rice settings , even when using the GBA brown rice setting . Also , the GBA settings is n't very reliable at sprouting brown rice , so I would n't recommend bothering with it because it did n't actually sprout any rice kernels and pales in comparison to brown rice that you germinated yourself . -LRB- I know what sprouted brown rice looks like b/c I often sprout them myself . -RRB- Even with the fuzzy logic working , the GBA brown rice still has the same chewy texture as if you made it on the stove.As for the other settings like sweet rice , sushi rice , white rice , this rice cooker makes them just as well as any cheap on and off rice cooker . Truthfully , you do n't need a fuzzy logic rice cooker to make any type of white rice , as long as one uses the correct amount of water . The texture of the white rice can also be controlled in an on and off rice cooker by adjusting the amount of liquid used.The rice porridge made in this rice cooker taste the same if you made it on the stove , or with a pressure cooker or slow cooker.Recommendation : If you want to reap the health benefits of germinated brown rice and eat delicious germinated brown rice which is just as nice soft and fluffy as restaurant quality white rice , you have to sprout it yourself . Just go google how to sprout brown rice and get a rice cooker that has a brown rice setting . -LRB- 1 cup of sprouted short grain brown rice needs about 1.5 cups of water to cook . -RRB- The cheapest way to sprout brown rice yourself , is to use one mason jar with some sort of mesh lid . I bought my 3 plastic mesh lids that come in different sizes online from luckyvitamin , but they charge shipping for orders under $ 100 .
 not large enough for an adult and just not that comfortable to sit on . i did n't like the material either . currently trying to return it ...
 We did n't like it . It was n't comfortable . It was too small to give the back any support . We sent it back .
 I bought an adult size , black cord bag . It 's actually small for an adult to sit in and the quality and feel is cheap . Not worth $ 100 , plus $ 20 shipping for sure . Does have heavy odor as mentioned in other reviews .
 Your one star rating I do not like the word hate you used.A better choice of word should be used for a business.Your marketing or sales department should change this.As far as the bean bag purchase I was highly disappointed in this item.First of all it was shipped in wraped plastic which I thought was not very appealing.Secondly , the item itself was cheaply made and way over priced.I did not like anything about it the bag.I did not even like the way it was made .
 The spacing for the large knifes was wider than for the small knifes so they did n't fit as securely . I have a Hinkle holder which I like better . I got this one since it holds a few more knifes . The picture of this knife holder , on website , did n't show from the top , so the spacing did n't appear unusual . The picture is more from the side .
 I purchased this and am immediately returning it . Knives do n't fit well and fall over . This was to replace a smaller one from Target , but the profile on the one from Target is much better and holds the knives without falling over . This needs to have narrower knife slots and the flat where the handles is just that , instead of being contoured for knives . Put the knives in , close and open the drawer with this and the knives are everywhere . The Target one works great . My knives are Hinkel , Mac and other common sized boning , chopping and paring knives .
 The dimensions for the coffee table are given as 48 `` x24 `` x15 '' . The actual dimensions are 44 `` x22 `` x15 '' -LRB- I measured it very carefully -RRB- . The end table dimensions are correctly listed.The weight is given at 150 pounds , yet I was able to lift the entire package a bit off the ground and get it inside in one piece . The price of 5.61 has a shipping cost of 142.00 on top of that , which may be a bit exorbitant as I do n't really think it weighs in at 150 pounds , otherwise I would not have been able to lift it.The set is much darker than shown in the picture . Assembly is very easy . Well packed . Appearance is slightly on the cheap looking side , but OK enough . Construction is good , veneer on top of solid oak , and when set up the tables have a solid feel . Each table is light weight and can easily be lifted .
 The tables ' pictured appeared to have a parquet top with varying types of wood . In reality they were one solid piece of oak laminate & look cheap . The pictured tables would have gone well with my existing furniture . These do n't . I would send them back , but I would have to pay the postage both ways . That would exceed the price of the tables . Plus , the hardware to put them together was out of its package & spread all over in the packaging . Do not buy these tables unless you love cheap hotel furniture . One good thing I can say is that they appear to be easy to assemble .
 This spatula broke the first time I used it ; the plastic snapped while I was scraping down the sides of a bowl . I would recommend silicone spatulas made by Orka and Trudeau .
 I have bought 100 's of items from amazon over the years , this is my first review ; THAT is how disappointed I am with this product.I bought this thinking it was a 5.5 lb density memory foam mattress . This is definitely NOT the case . It is more like 2lbs per foot dense . A queen size 4 '' topper is 80 '' x 60 '' x 4 '' , thus it is 19,200 Cubic inches . To convert that into feet , divide that figure by 1,728 -LRB- 12x12x12 -RRB- = 11.11111 Cubic feet of foam . SO , at 5.5 lbs per cubic feet , this topper should way over 60 pounds . But , shipped , with box and cover , this weighs in at a scant 24 pounds!For someone looking for a low density memory foam topper , this may be the one . But , for those of us that think the 5.5 used in the advertisement of this topper refers to the density of the foam , they will probably be disappointed .
 Wish I had read warranty before buying this memory foam mattress . After 6 months , mattress has lost support and takes a long time to recover shape . We are constantly turning and rotating mattress to try to find an area that still maintains support . E-mailed company , through Amazon , and was told to read warranty . First disclaimer in warranty states that warranty DOES NOT COVER increase in softness or decrease in slow recovery -LRB- retaining shape -RRB- features . Very poor product .
 It is made with such a cheap material that you will not be able to find another product to waste your money on , ever .
 False description , only 1 holder received instead of 2 holders stated in the description . Quality is all right , but for almost $ 20 dollars , it is too expensive for just 1 holder .
 I bought 2 of these mugs . Ca n't tell you when this happened , but one day I heated up my coffee , reached into the microwave and OUCH !!! The handle was so hot , I could n't pull the mug out . I 've used a low-wattage , as well as a high-wattage oven , and the same thing took place . Now , my son uses them for cold drinks . They are useless to me .
 Ill start with the Pros . I wanted a knife block to showcase and safely store my growing collection of MAC knives . I thought this would be a good fit since I have been unable to find a nice MAC branded knife block . I really liked the contemporary modern design . When I received it I was equally impressed with its size and heft . It did n't seem flimsy at all , which was my biggest concern with it having the two half-round parts instead of one solid block.Now for the Cons . It does n't work ! The one thing a knife block is supposed to do is safely store knives and in that regard it fails miserably . I have an MTH-80 8.5 '' MAC Chef 's knife . As chef 's knives go is on the small to medium size I would say , its my no means large . The slots in this block are too small to fit the blade in completely . By the time the knife is about 2/3 's of the way into the slot it stars hitting the sharpened edge of the blade about 2 '' short of reaching the handle . Its not for lack of depth , the slots are just too narrow . Besides the fact that I do n't want my knives resting on their sharpened edges , I do n't want a block full of knives all partially sticking out when I reach for any one of them -LRB- safety hazard ? -RRB- . And it 's more than just my chef 's knife . I have several smaller pairing knives as well and none of them would sit in their appropriate slots.For the record , the largest slot is the one in the top right just below the square for the sharpening steel -LRB- which did not fit either , I have the MAC ceramic rod -RRB- . I forgot to actually measure it before sending it back but I 'm guessing its not even a full 2 '' slot . I will link the kitchen items below that I know for sure do not fit so you can use them as reference if you are considering this block.MAC MTH-80 8 '' Chef 's Knife w / Dimpleshttp : / / www.amazon.com/MAC-MTH-80-Chefs-Knife-Dimples/dp/B000KXBSRQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s;=home-garden&qid;=1281990442&sr;=8-1Pro Paring 5 '' -LRB- Professional Series -RRB- - Mac Knifehttp : / / www.amazon.com/Pro-Paring-Professional-Mac-Knife/dp/B000N5FDQI/ref=pd_sim_k_3MAC brand Ceramic Knife Sharpener #SR 85http : / / www.amazon.com/MAC-brand-Ceramic-Knife-Sharpener/dp/B000N5BVN2/ref=pd_sim_k_2Shun Kitchen Shearshttp : / / www.amazon.com/Shun-1120M-Kitchen-Shears/dp/B0007IR2ME/ref=wl_it_dp_o?ie=UTF8&coliid;=I1C58L7ID3DIFY&colid;=L9J1ID6FFS5C
 I have an 11 '' Mirro stir Fry Pan . The Teflon surface is coming off so I called the company and they told me to send the pan back -LRB- at my time and expense -RRB- and they would be happy to replace it.After sending it back and patiently waiting quite a while , I finally received a package -LRB- the same one I had sent them -RRB- from them . In it was the pan I had sent with a letter telling me they were returning what I had sent them . They did not replace the pan as they had said they we would . They also told me that literally `` eating '' the Teflon coating that was coming off the bottom of the pan was `` not really harmful to your health '' . I would really like to cook and make them eat something cooked in this pan.The main company that deals Mirro , Wearever , Krups , Etc.that sent the pan and letter back to me is called `` GROUPE SEB '' . . Is there anybody , that is n't suicidal , after hearing this that would still like to be eating things cooked in anything represented by this company?Not me !
 I was really looking forward to using this pan but upon inspecting it after it arrived , there were defects in the steel on the pan edge by the handle . It looked -LRB- and felt ! -RRB- like someone had hacked at it resulting in metal burrs which literally cut my finger . I should n't have to keep bandaids at hand due to a pan . Returned it for full credit but thought I should toss the flag to anyone else to be careful and check the pan edge for defects before using it .
 I ordered this and they sent me the wrong poster . Since , I have sent in my return only wanting an exchange and have heard nothing back in return . I have also called their return line and left my name and phone number and NO ONE has called me back regarding my return . The phone message states that it will take no longer than one day to return the phone message.I am very disappointed and have not yet seen my money credited back to my account , nor have I recieved the correct poster that I originally ordered.Any form of contact would be appreciated .
 Ordered from gurneys some things i got and some I did not get . The potatos I got were rotten and smelled so bad , the postal driver that deliverd them , held them out the window till he got them del . He and i opened the box it smelled so bad he said it may be a dead animal.I called gurneys . and they said sorry . iam getting my c. card people on this . they just do n't care.charles
 While I love the look of this baby carriage , I was very disappointed in it 's size . It would be helpful to list the dimensions . I ended up ordering a larger one from a different company which was perfect .
 It was disappointing to receive the cookie cutter and it was different from the one pictured . The top part of the carriage is wavy instead of straight .
 Cheap filling that bunches up after a few months . Sewn together poorly with some kind of plastic thread that irritates bare skin . Not worth the price even though the price is decent compared to the ridiculous cost of some couch pillows .
 recieved the package , the wrapping paper was rip up the box was smashed , it looked like some else had it first i bought it new and had it wrapped for a wedding shower .
 After the very first use -- the very first -- the teflon coating is already peeling off exposing the steel below it . I made pasta in the pot and used a SOFT plastic spatula to gently stir it . After that there were already two spots where the coating had come completely off . Now I have used it about 5 times total and the coating looks like it has been scraped with a metal spatula hundreds of times . And no , I did not put it in the dishwasher . Not even once . I used a very soft plastic spatula and did not stir hard . I 've had far better quality from an $ 7.99 pot purchased at a discount store . I seriously do n't understand how the quality could be so poor and this company is still in business . Avoid this unless you want to eat teflon flakes with your pasta .
 Have had it short time . Maybe used it 12 times . Teflon came off and I had to throw it away .
 The pan is OK . The bottom of the pan is not heavy like other pans that I bought . My food was burned faster than I expected .
 I bought this thinking it would last at least for a while . The coating is already coming off on the bottom . I have only hand washed and used only plastic utensils . I have used this pan possibly a dozen or so times , but not much more than that . Surely a product should n't be that disposable should it ? Now I 'm looking for a good replacement , and this is going to the trash .
 Bought this product couple days ago . When i first brought it out of the box it seemed cheaply made and flimsy . When I tried to turn the product on it did not even turn on . I do n't know if the product is defective , but I would not recommend anybody to purchase this product . The quality is poor and it is definitely not worth what you pay for . Hopefully I will be able to return it and get my money back .
 We purchased this because of allergies , smoke , pets , etc and it did not make a bit of difference . unless u have a CLEAN , dust free no problem home this will do nothing for you . do n't waist your money . AMAZON on the other hand are so fast , awesome customer service .
 I have recived a tweetybird mug that was not the one I ordered from you this one has the same pic but it says tweetybird and it is only 14oz the tweetybird mug I ordered was the tweetybird mug that said Bad ol putty that how did I get the wrong mug and you should send me the right mug and I should n't have to pay for your mistake the tweetybird mug I ordered was 15ozthe item model # is 613500 ASIN
 I did not expect this pillow to feel like `` doeskin , '' but the fabric is somehow both squeaky and fuzzy at the same time . It 's as unpleasant as that sounds . Running your hand over this thing causes a sensation like dragging your nails on a chalkboard . Also , the pillow has no firmness . If you place it on a hard chair to sit on , it is almost as if you were just sitting on the chair with nothing between you and it . Either of these would have been a sufficient for me to return it .
 They are nice pillows especailly for the price . I was looking for something with removeable covers that can go in the wash . These covers are not removeable . Spot clean only .
 Cons
 I purchased two sets of these sheets because of the low price . WASTE OF MONEY ! Where our bodies touch the sheets , it turned a pinkish color . My 3 yr old daughter sometimes sleeps with us . When she slept on these sheets , she woke all night coughing . I am guessing these sheets are treated with some kind of chemical which caused the color change and cough . -LRB- Some are treated with chemicals to prevent wrinkling . -RRB- We replaced these sheets with more expensive 100 % Egyptian cotton sheets . The very first night , I did n't hear a peep out of my daughter . These sheets are now being donated to the local homeless shelter .
 Mine began picking apart the day I got them . After two washes , I cut them up for rags . I will never purchase from here again .
 They may look pretty but , I would not sleep on these at any price . They truly feel like poliester . I know they are part cottton & poliester but , it is not the cotton they we felt .
 Strangely the sheets set is packaged with a label that states
 I have washed mine a few times and they are very rough . They are a poly/cotton blend , but I mostly feel the poly ! They are a waste of my $ $ $ . I will try a different brand and maybe pay a bit more for a good night 's rest !
 I have these sheets - queen-sized . They are 40 % polyester but truly feel like 100 % !
 Do n't let the brand name and thread count fool you , as they did me . These sheets are stiff as a board ! I 'm highly dubious that washing them would make much difference , so my set is going straight to the thrift store . And I , too , found the `` 60 % Pima , 40 % Cotton '' label amusing -- whatever they 're made of , they feel distinctly unnatural ! I 'm glad that I bought them during Amazon 's Friday Sale , so at least I did n't pay full bore .
 Just as some one said , these are pure plastic , not at all soft and not worth even 19.99 with free shipping . Even after couple of washes they apprear to very harsh .
 If you run this item on high for 4-5 hours & stick your nose up to the vent you MAY detect a odor of menthol ... maybe .
 I bought this at Walgreens a year ago . I wish I had n't . The humidifier seems OK at first with the mentol because you can easily detect menthol . But really this is n't doing much at all . It does n't push moisture in the air whatsoever when my Sunbeam did . The difference was that you can feel the water on the Sunbeam , and on the Halls version you could n't . This means that all your getting is a menthol treatment that you could easily get from a cough drop or two . Not recommended unless you just have a cough , not a cold .
 Very disappointed in this opener . The bottle opener does n't fit anything I 've tried to use it on so far ; the pull tab opener does n't easily slide under the tab without a lot of work . The person I purchased this for has limited hand strength and I thought this would be perfect ; it is far from it . You 'd do as well using a spoon to open pull tabs rather than purchase this pricey gadget .
 This unit looks nice , the pop top works of course but try to open a deer park bottle or other similar and it slips on the plastic top.Bought for someone with arthritis , do not purchase for it will not work even out of the box after a couple times .
 Does n't work or anything . Opening water bottles is a joke ! You have to press it down so hard on the bottle top that the water squirts all over the place . The soda can opener part is too thick to get under the pop top . Do n't waste your money .
 Have great difficulty and weakness in my hands . Need too much strength to accomplish the tasks I wanted this for.Very disappointing .
 I did not expect this pillow to feel like `` doeskin , '' but the fabric is somehow both squeaky and fuzzy at the same time . It 's as unpleasant as that sounds . Running your hand over this thing causes a sensation like dragging your nails on a chalkboard . Also , the pillow has no firmness . If you place it on a hard chair to sit on , it is almost as if you were just sitting on the chair with nothing between you and it . Either of these would have been a sufficient for me to return it .
 They are nice pillows especailly for the price . I was looking for something with removeable covers that can go in the wash . These covers are not removeable . Spot clean only .
 I was disappointed with these sheets when I put them on my guestroom bed.The bed is queensize - and yes I ordered queensize - but the sheets were way too big for it , and did not look well . I 've never had this problem before when buying sheets for it .
 These sheets are too big for our queen sized bed and wrinkle up . They also have pills all over which do n't feel good on my skin . I am disappointed in the quality .
 The Poster was $ 9.99 . A little high for a 11x17 '' poster but so what . What got me was their shipping charges ALSO $ 9.99 . The package arrived in a timely fashion but was packaged TWICE . The poster was rolled in a large heavy duty tube which would have been perfect for shipping if it had heavy duty shrink wrap . But NO . These people put THAT in a large Box that had room for about 8 Poster Rolls . Then they shipped it . I am sorry I forget the carrier but something tells me they are in on this together . The Poster rates 5 stars but the ridiculous shipping charges reduce my rating to 1 .
 I did not expect this pillow to feel like `` doeskin , '' but the fabric is somehow both squeaky and fuzzy at the same time . It 's as unpleasant as that sounds . Running your hand over this thing causes a sensation like dragging your nails on a chalkboard . Also , the pillow has no firmness . If you place it on a hard chair to sit on , it is almost as if you were just sitting on the chair with nothing between you and it . Either of these would have been a sufficient for me to return it .
 They are nice pillows especailly for the price . I was looking for something with removeable covers that can go in the wash . These covers are not removeable . Spot clean only .
 Poker is made in 3 parts which are screwed together . The handle screws on securely but the shaft and tip dont seat securely . It comes apart all the time during use . Buy something better .
 Not the quality I need or I suppose expected . Although I suppose if I lower the expectation , this would be OK to push wood around in an outdoor fire pit .
 The ` Lingerie Cage ' does everything as advertised , but the product is made with cheap and flimsy material , and I can already tell that it will have a short life . After the first wash , I noticed a small rip/tear in the mesh material by the zipper . I 'm not sure if it was there before I threw it in the washer , or if it ripped while it was tumbling around in the delicate cycle , but I 'm not a fan .
 I 've been using this for over a year , and it has held up . My bras are shaped for nipple concealment , and I 've learned to put the underwires in vertically ; this keeps the whole thing from flattening as much . The round ends hold their shape , but there are no bones to keep the cylinder from going to the tuna-can profile . The bras are clean , but I had hoped it would preserve the shape of the cups better .
 Although the capacity was listed in the specs , it is much , much smaller than I anticipated and looks like a joke sitting on my stove . The color is just as it appeared -LRB- to match my decor -RRB- , but it is too small to be of any functional use . I 'm returning it .
 I bought this teapot as a Christmas gift . I received it the beginning of Dec. , shipped it to my mother in New York to be opened on christmas morning . My mother loved it but said it only `` hummed '' and did n't whistle but it was okay because she could still hear it from the next room . Within a week , it stopped humming , and of course , never whistled . It was inexpensive ... so I guess you get what you pay for . Very disappointed .
 I searched long and hard for a reasonably priced kettle with the harmonica whistle . I thought I 'd found it with the Calypso but unfortunately after less than a month of use the plastic lid on the spout , and the edge of the handle near the hinge have both started melting . And I do n't think it 's from using the kettle in any other than a typical fashion . BTW for those who report that the whistle did n't work , there was a care/use insert that told you how to adjust the screw in the spout lid to improve the whistling - alas , I wo n't get to enjoy it after all . I guess I 'm going to have to spend the $ on the Chantal model and hope the hot handle is manageable . Maybe you 'll have better luck .
 I looked for a long time for a tea kettle to purchase for my sister 's wedding shower . She is designing a 50 's retro-style kitchen and thought this tea kettle would be perfect . Bought this in the summer , because that is when I happened to find this on-line . Anyway , her shower was this past weekend and was I embarased when she took it out of the box and it was chipped . The pink enamel was chipped and I had never taken it out of the box . Now it is `` too late '' to return and I 'm stuck with this piece of crap teakettle . I guess I should have thoroughly checked it out before giving it as a gift , but because the box had a see-through front , the product looked fine , and I never removed it from the box . Companies should stand behind their products if they were shipped defectively , no matter the time frame . I will never buy anything from this company again .
 I really needed a whistling teapot because I get busy and forget it is on . Well , I was very disappointed when it did n't whistle . It is very pretty and looks nice .
 My wife wanted a tea kettle that whistled to let her know the water was boiling . This is called a whistling tea kettle . It does not whistle . I 'm trashing it and buying her a different one . Very disappointing .
 Everyone else is n't wrong-it just does n't whistle.I thought mine would be different , but even after 5 different adjustments , there is no whistle . It 's the only tea kettle available in this plum color , which I really want , but it is n't a whistling tea kettle .
 This teakettle worked well for a while but the whistling spout cover is plastic and started dripping onto the stove top . Not happy !
 After waiting for two weeks for delivery to New Zealand I was delighted to find that the colour and style were exactly what I wanted and it looks great in my kitchen . Unfortunately disappointment followed when I found that for some reason the whistle does n't work . There is probably a very good reason , but when buying off the net and having it shipped half way round the world , returning it to the supplier and getting a replacement is not an option . If the whistle was working it would definitely rate five stars - it looks good and heats water like it 's supposed too . Will this experience put me off purchasing off the net again ? Probably not .
 Update
 It was a disappointment to find this pot was only for electric stoves . I wish the description had said it was n't for gas ranges . I would have purchased a different pot .
 We 've tried two of these -LRB- Amazon was great about exchanging it -RRB- , and neither one whistles . Seems like there is a design flaw.It 's a pretty teakettle , seems reasonably sturdy , and it does its main job of boiling water , but without the whistle , it 's not what was advertised .
 The first one I ordered came broken in the box . The flip knob on the spout is plastic , and was broken when it arrived . The knob is plastic , but is screwed down with a tiny metal screw . Thus , it 's a cheap design , which is bound to fail at some point . You ca n't have a screw go into plastic threads without it breaking at some point ... Anyway , Amazon was really good about sending out a replacement -LRB- free 2-day shipping , and did not charge me for the replacement while the broken one was in transit back to Amazon -RRB- . This one came unbroken , but the first time we tried it , it did not whistle . We fiddled with the whistling mechanism , trying to loosen or tighten the adjustment screw , but to no avail . We did get it to barely make some lame sound , barely audible.So , no thanks , two was enough for me . It seems like an ` ok ' visual design , but there are plastic parts , which seemed cheap to me . And a non-whistling whistling teakettle , I will chalk this one up as a big disapointment . The product simply does not work .
 Just received this from Amazon . I 'm not sure what kind of QA the company runs but I 've seen better quality at a swap meet . The kettle came chipped . Not just a little chipped but chipped to the point that it you 'd find it in the 95 % off bin at a retail store . Specifically , the whole top of the kettle was chipped around the rim as was the spout . In all , 7 chips with the biggest one being half an inch long - seems to me it 's a small island and not a chip at that point . This one will be sent back first thing tomorrow .
 First , this kettle does indeed hum , as it states . However it does n't hum well - it is n't loud and it really has to hit a hard , hard boil before it hums at all.Second , after 2 months of use the red plastic `` handle '' on the spout broke off . That 's the piece that looks like a crescent shape in the photo . Without it , you ca n't open the spout to pour the water . I now have to hold a pot holder and quickly try to pry open the spout -LRB- with boiling hot steam coming out -RRB- every time I use the kettle . I 'm a grad student and ca n't afford to get a new one right now . Bad choice ! Now scalding my fingers every time I want hot water ! Do n't buy this kettle , it 's pretty but very poorly made .
 The first one we receive was n't capable of whistling at all -LRB- imperfections along the spout let pressure escape -RRB- . Exchanged the pot , and the new one barely whistles . It 's a very low tone similar to blowing into a jug . You might not notice it in the next room . Does boil water , just like the non-whistling teapot we were trying to replace . The whistling is what was desired , and this pot do n't play that game .
 well the whistle works fine but the spout does not have a trigger to open it . You have to do it manually when it 's hot or the water does not pour out well . Also a big chip knocked of the finish the first month we had it . The best thing about it is the color -LRB- blue -RRB- and how it looks . But I need a pot that boils water safely and does n't chip , not just looks pretty . Used on a gas stove the finsih is hard to clean .
 I really wanted this tea kettle . So cute and I wanted the harmonic whistle . We 've had our current kettle for over 10 years and it still works great , but looking grungy -LRB- it was an Oneida and it worked ! -RRB- It has the harmonic whistle and I love that . Other reviewers said they had problems with the whistle , but I thought I 'd try it . Well , did n't work , even after tweaking it . My husband forgot it boiling on the stove because it did n't whistle . I emailed customer service , because I thought they could mail me another whistle part , since it just unscrews . After two emails , they could n't bother to respond , so I sent it back to Amazon . Good ol' Amazon , but Reston Lloyd sucks . Bummer . It 's so cute .
 I was thrilled with this kettle until a few weeks ago . It was a Christmas gift , and not 6 months later and the enamel is chipping off ! So for there 's been no problem with the integrity of the kettle -LRB- no rust , etc. -RRB- but I am already shopping for a new one . For the price that was paid , it should have lasted several years .
 This teapot does not whistle and I just lost hard earned money . You could not hear the whistle and I burnt the pot and had to throw it out . Do not recommend this product at all .
 The teakettle arrived with the little tab on the spout broken off . I can not figure out how to return because it does not come up on my purchases at Amazon . Please advise . Thanks !
 As many others have written , this kettle does not whistle no matter what you do to try and correct the problem . I sent it back for a refund .
 A letter to myself two weeks ago . Ahem.Dear Kate , why do you insist on disbelieving other reviewers who say the whistler on this kettle does n't work ? When your birthday present to yourself arrives , you 're going to be really annoyed for not listening to the helpful people who TOLD you.No whistle . Lots of steam . Argh .
 I was so excited to find a yellow teapot that whistled . Unfotunately , it doesnt whistle . If you are looking for teapot that looks nice and is priced reasonably then this one is great however , if you actually want it to whistle this one isnt for you .
 We bought this teakettle in May 2011 . Like several other reviewers , we were wary of the whistle not working and a couple of other issues , but figured the price was right enough that we could take our chances . The kettle 's whistle is definitely poor , and you ca n't hear it unless you 're in the same room with it while it 's boiling , kind of defeating its purpose . Also , the handle gets REALLY hot while the kettle is on the stove , so you ca n't pick it up without using a potholder . Otherwise the kettle does what it 's supposed to -- boils water for you and looks good doing it . As a result , we were satisfied with the product despite its faults . However , this past week -LRB- December 2011 -RRB- -- just six months after purchase -- the handle dropped down onto the body of the kettle while the water was boiling and melted almost all the way through ! We had bits of melted plastic on our stovetop and all over the body of the kettle . I 'm afraid to use this anymore since I do n't want to start a fire in our kitchen . Needless to say , not worth the money .
 I thought I knew how to put water in a teapot , put it on the burner , and wait for the whistle . I 'm still waiting for the whistle . Otherwise , it heats the water just fine .
 I later figure out why the whistle stop working . The plastic surround it ca n't handle the heat , so the shape changed and whistle ca n't work the way it supposed to .
 I bought two of these teapots . The one I 'm writing about did not whistle and burned up on the stove -LRB- my son-in-law forgot he had turned it on -RRB- . The other one -LRB- blue -RRB- works just fine , except that it is a little tricky to pour without spilling a bit of water . I 'd like the spout to be a little longer and curvy to avoid the spilling . It 's definitely good for the price .
 First off , I have to say that the tea kettle is very cute . The yellow color is exactly what 's seen in the picture , and the shape is very nice . Unfortunately , the enamel was already bubbled in a couple places , it flaked off more when the stiff handle was turned , and the lid was very hard to put on . The spout looked fine , but for some reason did n't whistle , which was disappointing since I was interested in hearing the whistle mentioned in the other reviews . It sounded intriguing!The lack of whistle was the last step for me , so I returned it . It could have just been the model I got , but I 'm looking for another tea kettle instead of getting a replacement of the same kind .
 If your 're looking for a pretty decoration for your stovetop this could be the tea kettle for you . It 's very cute and the lemon color is nice and cheery.But , as other reviewers have said it does n't whistle . Also , it 's very difficult to get the lid to fit the top of the kettle . You have to really fiddle with it . Also , the instructions tell you to use a potholder to hold the lid on as you pour out the boiling water and flip up the cover on the spout.My old Revereware tea kettle was n't much to look at , but at least it whistled for 10 years and could be used with one hand and no potholder .
 Looks pretty , but do not expect it to whistle . It whistled the first time I used it - a humming tone , like a distant emergency siren . Has n't worked since . I think the thin metal reeds are good for one use only and become too weakened at their flex points to stay properly `` tuned '' . I followed previous reviewer 's -LRB- `` researchingmom '' -RRB- instructions for fixing the whistle , and it whistles when I blow it strongly , but it wo n't whistle under steam power .
 Impratical design . Very wide , too large to fit in refrigerator door and lage on the table .
 I did not expect this pillow to feel like `` doeskin , '' but the fabric is somehow both squeaky and fuzzy at the same time . It 's as unpleasant as that sounds . Running your hand over this thing causes a sensation like dragging your nails on a chalkboard . Also , the pillow has no firmness . If you place it on a hard chair to sit on , it is almost as if you were just sitting on the chair with nothing between you and it . Either of these would have been a sufficient for me to return it .
 They are nice pillows especailly for the price . I was looking for something with removeable covers that can go in the wash . These covers are not removeable . Spot clean only .
 Owned only for a few months . Found rust inside spout , who knows for how long . Amazon will only warranty item for 30 days , so I can not return Amazon . So I sent a email to the company . Got a email from Reston Lloyd apologizing and telling me to return the item to Amazon , they will not take the return , oh and by the way do not to use because of the rust . They will not warranty their own product .
 After looking for months and months for a tea kettle with a harmonica whistle -LRB- train sound -RRB- that does n't cost an arm and a leg , I found this one . I was so excited.Sometimes it whistles , sometimes it does n't . Also , there is not a tight seal on the lid . I am disappointed but exhausted from the long search and would rather have a `` sometimes train sounding '' kettle than one that wo n't do it at all . . . so I kept it.Maybe when I am rich again , I 'll go get the other one ... but who would spend $ 75 on a tea kettle ? Something seems just wrong about that with people starving in Burma and all . .
 I guess I assumed that portable AC units would be portable beyond 6 feet from the window . Clearly these products are designed for situations where a window unit can not be employed because of the window and the weight it can support.The exhaust hose is literally 8 ft long and does not allow you to place the unit between two rooms or move it around the house as needed -LRB- because you would need to connect it to a different window -RRB- - which is what I thought they were.Buyer beware ... if you intended to use it as it is designed , works fine . The unit is a little large , but it does pump out a lot of cool air .
 My one bedroom apartment does n't have any windows in the bedroom , and after suffering through an entire summer in 2009 with no AC , I decided to take the plunge and buy this unit in April . It has been sitting , unused , in my living room for well over a month ; and shall I mention , longer than the return period allows . I went through the instructions tonight as it is 90 sweltering degrees in my apartment , put a container under the water vent and attached the venting hose to the back of the unit . I did n't rate this only one star because it has really good cooling power from what I can tell . Since I do n't have any windows or a random hole in my wall , I have no other way of venting this thing than by sticking the exhaust hose into my kitchen . The air blowing out of the hose is so hot that I had to turn it off right away for fear that it might melt . I am definitely complaining to Amazon about this machine since there is only one small line mentioned in the product description that a wall vent is needed . Terrible !
 This item is not worth it . It takes hours to cool down my 100 sq ft room . I have a 5,000 btu window unit that kicks butt compared to this one . Also , not convenient at all . You need to place a drip pan underneath to catch the water and it only allows a 1 '' space at the base . I had to build a 4 '' platform to lift the unit high enough to sit a basin at the bottom to catch all the drip without having to empty it every 11/2 hours .
 this air conditioner has one filter which is easily removed for cleaning purposes , but the intake filter is completely hidden and cleaning it entails disassembling the unit , removing the case , just to access the filters . What a nightmare .
 This 9000BTU AC is supposed to cool a 250 square foot room , so I thought it 'd be more than enough for my 190 square foot bedroom . When I turned it on , I was sure it would make things cool pretty quickly , because it was very loud ... my wife and I called it the `` jet engine '' during the brief time before we sent it back . Instead it was only able to cool the room by about 3-4 degrees , even when I let it run all night . I tried it for three nights before returning it , and one morning when I woke up , it was actually cooler outside the house than it was in the bedroom where the AC had been running full blast for about 12 hours . Pathetic!I replaced this unit with a 6000 BTU window unit by Frigidaire . Even though the Frigidaire is only 2/3 the BTU rating , it makes less than half as much noise and was able to cool my fairly small bedroom from 100 + and humid -LRB- we 're in the middle of a major heat wave in the Northeast right now -RRB- to about 72 degrees in about 90 minutes . Needless to say , the 6000BTU replacement will cost a lot less to run as well ... Also , I know some people do n't care about this kind of thing , but this Sunpentown AC is just incredibly ugly . From the photo I was n't really sure if it would look cool and futuristic in person or clunky and overbuilt . Guess what ... it 's the latter ! It just looks junky and designed by a twelve-year-old who was trying to draw a Camaro instead of a piece of furniture that 's supposed to look fairly decent in your house . Most appallingly , and although it does n't look so bad in the small photo online , that beige insert for the louvers looks like it came from some twenty-year-old piece of office equipment -LRB- remember when everything was the same hideous beige ? -RRB- and it 's totally out of place with the silver/gray plastic used everywhere else.I had a portable AC by Maytag that lasted about 7 years and worked very well , but this Sunpentown I bought to replace it is a terrible failure in all respects
 In April 2011 , I purchased a Sunpentown -LRB- SPT -RRB- air conditioner for $ 450 . I ended up not using it last summer and stored it , unopened in its box , until a month ago . Right out of the box , it did n't work . After trading emails with a customer service representative James who after 3 rounds of email told me that it does n't matter that the product was defective out of the box . I asked to speak with a manager and received a call from Mike , who told me that the product is out of warranty so there is nothing they can do , that it 's not worth repairing a window unit and that I should either `` junk it or sell it for scraps . '' I asked him if Sunpentown really has no problem manufacturing and selling such shoddy products and he said `` It 's been a year lady . Nothing I can do . '' Sunpentown makes bad products that do n't work . Sunpentown is unwilling to stand by its products . My recommendation is for you to save your money and purchase another product , one made by a company who has integrity .
 This thing just is n't worth the time or money so I suggest you pass on it . Well made unit and I 've owned mine for several years . Used it for a while to cool part of my 250 ft houseboat . It would really only cool the very back of it . It 's big and clunky and not real quiet . One problem is the compressor is inside of course and you hear it . The REAL problem is that it does n't really cool . It seems to blow cold air but NEVER cools down the room.Anyone want mine ?
 This unit is awful . I have a TINY studio apartment and it is never cool enough . Now it started shutting down sometimes and wo n't restart . This is my second summer with it . Very loud also .
 WOW , THIS THING IS CRAP ! IT RUNS AND RUNS BUT NOTHING HAPPENS . 5 DEGREES MAX COOLING . VERY LOUD , VERY LOUD , VERY LOUD . IF YOU WOULD LIKE A UNIT THAT YOU NEED TO RUN 24-7 TO COOL A 250 SQ. . FOOT ROOM TO 73 DEGREES , THEN THIS IS THE UNIT FOR YOU . SAVE YOURSELF NOW . I NOW HAVE A $ 300 PAPER WEIGHT . DO NOT BUY !!!!! .
 Not too satisfied the water keeps comming out from place where we put the water for steam
 Do not buy this corkscrew . I 've had a lot of good corkscrews , mediocre corkscrews , and cheap corkscrews , and this one frustrated me so much I just had to warn people off . I trust OXO enough with their kitchen products that when I needed an opener in a pinch , I thought I could n't go wrong with this brand ... but I was wrong . So here are some of the things I do n't like about it : * It is cheaply made . It looks sturdy because of the stainless steel and trademark black rubber , but the main body is flimsy plastic and the worm has way too much give . I ca n't imagine it would hold up against some of those stubborn corks . * It does n't feel good in the hand . I know this seems a bit picky , but it should n't feel bad in the hand either . Sharp plastic corners make you constantly readjust your hold and take your mind off opening your vino . * The worm 's piercing end is at a insanely flat angle , so you have to insert the point at almost 90 degrees to get it going , and even then it may take a few tries to get it started . * The supporting lever is too short . You have to sink the worm completely in the cork in order to pull the cork out . And even then it does n't always do the trick and you may need a good tug at the end to extract the cork . * The foil cutter is really small and you may not even notice it has one . But it also is n't that convenient to open and you often have to apply pressure to the sharp side to open it . Be careful if you are a bit tipsy not to get cut.Anyhow , it is a bad corkscrew , trust me . All three main parts are bad
 Wow , it lasted 5 bottles!I want to warn everyone considering a corkscrew not to buy this poorly constructed product.I also bought it because I 've had great luck with OXO brand kitchen gadgets in the past . Not only did this corkscrew make opening a bottle of wine frustrating , it literally fell apart after 5 uses.Guess I should have looked on amazon for reviews before buying ...
 Do n't waste your time or money with this corkscrew ! Got 2 bottles opened before the screw itself broke off from the main body . No warranty whatsoever . You 've been warned .
 Simply put - this corkscrew is crap . I generally love Oxo 's products , but I have no idea how this got past quality control . Usually they as a company are known for quality products that last , but not only does this one feel cheap , it does n't even work.Usually corkscrews have two lips - this one does not . Not only that , but the lip it does have struggles to get a hold on the wine bottle , making the opening of such very , very hard . There is so much more wrong with this corkscrew that it 's not even worth writing . Bottom line , DO N'T BUY THIS .
 Do n't believe all the one star reviews !!! They 're too generous . This product seriously deserves 0 stars , and even that 's generous.Like other reviewers , I needed a new corkscrew , I 've used lots of waiter 's corkscrews in the past , and I trusted the OXO name . Well , I take the OXO name on faith no more.It is TERRIBLE at opening wine bottles . My specific complaint is that when you 've got the screw in as far as you can , hook the puller on the bottle and then pull up , you 've got the corkscrew fully extended and half of the cork STILL IN THE BOTTLE ! You 've got to seriously imbed the worm into the cork to have a chance of getting it out and by that time the cork is useless . So , if you 've hell bent and determined to get this product and you do n't routinely finish the whole bottle , be sure you have a stopper on hand!I ca n't believe that anyone tested and approved this corkscrew before the go ahead to manufacture was given , unless it was a disgruntled employee seeking revenge on his/her way out the door !
 For a product with `` chenille '' in the name , I expected the fabric to be soft ... and these are definitely not very soft . The fabric is a little thin and does not feel like something of high quality . Much scratchier than every other chenille item I 've ever owned . And honestly , these pillows LOOK cheap ... good thing I only paid $ 7 !
 The color pictured is a soft gold . The pillows are a very dark , brassy gold . Ugly color . Also , there 's a harsh chemical smell .
 We just bought a new inductive cooktop which requires iron cookware . We bought this pot based on the manufacturers claims of `` Inductive Ready '' stock pot , and it 's printed right on the box . It is not . Place it on the cooktop and an error flashes indicating a non-inductive pot . More than that , after seeing how chincy the pot is constructed , very thin , lightweight . That was the first clue when we took it out of the box , the lightness which somewhat assured you that this was not a good steel pot . It went back within hours of receipt . Very frustrating to have to travel to a UPS store to return a misrepresented product at our expense for gas to and from the UPS store .
 customer service does not reply to your e-mail and they give no tracking info or shipping info
 These are really a nice looking shoe but they do n't last . in 2 months the strings have broken and the sides have blown out . My son skates and these shoes did not preform . Cheaply made shoe for not cheap price .
 I did the research on this item before deciding to buy and from the reviews I read , felt confident in making the purchase . However , for whatever reason ... I did not find the item to be as the others have stated . I ordered the item new . It came and I tried them out . I seldom got the same weight twice . I tried them on hard floors , on carpet , on throw rugs -- every way I could think of . I would weigh , step off , re-calibrate , weigh again and get a different weight . I weighed before getting into the shower and when I got out , dried off , weighed again -- I had gained 6.8 lbs just by showering ! I picked up a 3-lb weight , weighed and the weight went up 3.6 lbs . the first time . I stepped off , re-calibrated to 00 just to be sure , stepped back on and weighed what I had weighed BEFORE picking up the weight . My son tested it with similar results . So I called the seller -LRB- excellent customer service , by the way !! -RRB- and they apologized , agreed to send another scale if I chose , with a pre-paid UPS label . I agreed to try another one . That one came -- same results . I could not get a consistent weight no matter what . Called the seller back and they agreed to pay for the return of both scales and to refund my money . I can only wish the scale quality was equal to the quality of the seller . I am so disappointed because the scales look wonderful -- large digital reading and super simple to use . I suppose if I get a scale that is accurate I will need to go to a store , try the scale out there and make a purchase . How inconvenient .
 I have had this scale now for about 3 years . We use it on linoleum in our bathroom . At first , I was pretty happy with it , thinking it was a decent scale for the money and it seemed accurate . That 's until I went for a yearly check up . This scale weighs me and my husband an average of about 5-8 lbs . heavier than the doctor 's scale , and there 's no way to zero-balance it.Additionally , the first battery that it came with lasted a long time , and only recently did we see the `` Lo '' reading . We purchased a package of batteries recommended by the manufacturer of this scale . That was 3 weeks ago and , consistently , each week , I have had to replace the batteries because the `` Lo '' message appears all the time ; and the accuracy of this scale has gone downhill tremendously . I know this because I have been on a weightloss regime and lost 30 lbs . The last 8 lbs , this scale has refused to show ; it just refuses to move and this can be incredibly frustrating when you 're trying to lose weight . A second rectification occured when my husband and I recently updated our life insurance ; this meant another checkup at the doctor -LRB- and , subsequently , a different scale -RRB- . The 2nd check up also revealed a 5-8 lbs . weight difference than this scale shows.Maybe 3 years is too long to expect from a $ 30 scale ; that could definitely be the problem.Regardless , I 'm here on Amazon shopping for a new scale , and I wo n't be buying this one again .
 Health-o-Meter 's proprietary random number generator in a cheap plastic case . Step on/off this scale in rapid succession and you might get the same number twice . Come back 2 minutes later and you 'll be lucky if you 're within 2-3 pounds of the first number . Absolute junk .
 The product is waste of money . I had to return it within 1 day of the purchase.everytime it displays a different reading for the same object.InconsistentSlow performanceoverall inferior quality product
 This scale only lasted three months ! I bought new batteries thinking that was the problem -LRB- $ 11.00 for the required 2 -RRB- , nope !! But it did work well while it lasted !! I liked it ... . but now I 'm going back to analog !
 I eagerly awaited delivery on this item . I had been using a spring-load analog scale that was years old , and had finally treated myself to a digital , that by the written ` fluff ' was accurate , and trustworthy.When the scale arrived , I was pleased with the look , and the feel was solid . BUT , it was about 2 days later , that my wife advised me that I probably had n't lost those nagging 3-4 lbs I was happily bragging about . She showed me how by standing an inch forward or back , she could drop -LRB- or add -RRB- about 11/2 lbs ! Well , I tried it , and -LRB- at my heavier frame -RRB- could manipulate the readout by as much as FIVE POUNDS ! Now that was NOT by hopping on one leg , or pushing sown in a squat , or holding onto the wall . That was done by merely moving my feet into different positions - > WITHIN THE CORRECT FOOTPAD AREA !! So , I might or might not have lost any weight , but I DID lose the scale . I called the seller , and he said that while they have success with this brand and model , that occasionally one `` slips through that might have been dropped 30 feet by a forklift , or bounced around while in the container at sea ! '' He did not hesitate , in the meantime , to direct me to a DIFFERENT brand that he stated `` had fewer returns , and had provided a better outcome '' than the Health-O-Meter . He is a large seller of Health-O-Meter products , and told me that Sunbeam had spun-off a chunk of Health_O_Meter , and kept some . He did not want to disparage Health-o-meter , but he did offer the switch . I , on the other hand , WILL ` dis ' Health-o-meter by saying that I used to consider them a quality scale , but as of late , their quality has slipped noticeably . I will not purchase another of their products without more diligence in my research .
 This is no doubt the worse product I have ever purchased from Amazon . I would return it or perhaps I should throw in the trash.The weight varies if you step on it within a 10 minute interval enormously . It is horrible .
 This product has been nothing but a headache since I purchased it . The belt keeps slipping off , you have to unscrew the bottom plate and put the belt back in place almost every time you use it ! It is really loud too , so loud that it 's embarrassing when you try and vacuum your vehicle in your driveway , it is a horrible item , wish I never bought it . It 's been horrible from the day I got it , I just never returned it . I plan on buying a new one , probably a another brand and tossing this thing in the trash .
 I can not review the iron because , as another customer experienced , I was sent the wrong iron -LRB- first impressions -RRB- . I have to wait for return label and stand in line at a UPS store in Christmas crowds to return . I wo n't get my refund until they receive the iron . They did n't say how I will receive the refund ... poor business !!!!!!
 I have been searching for the knife that creates the long strips of lime/lemon that go in a martini . This is supposed to be that knife but I found it very difficult to use and would not recommend it . There were no directions . I purchased two knives - one for a friend and had to alert her that I could n't get the knife to work properly .
 The glass mason jar they were shipped in showed up completely shattered , due to the lack of protection inside the oversized box.I was giving as a Christmas stocking stuffier , and was short on time , or I might have tried to return the item . But , instead I bought a new container , and obsessively cleaned each weight of shattered glass -LRB- probably not a welcome ingredient in a pie crust ! -RRB- . My brother -LRB- the recipient -RRB- has use them a couple times since , and says they work well though .
 As a gift for my sister , I ordered the 9.5 ounce jar of ceramic pie weights . My sister called to thank me for my thoughtfulness but had to tell me that one jar was shattered and the other cracked !
 Okay , I admit I have not purchased this item ... but seriously , take a look at that picture ! These ` decorations ' are hideous looking . I think I know which one is meant to be Ringo , but I honestly have no idea about the others . I 'm pretty sure no one will ever buy this , so my review is irrelevant . I just find this item to be deeply disturbing and I really wish I would never have stumbled upon it .
 This product advertises that it works on &#34; all cheese . &#34; I gave the gift and while it was being used for hard cheese it did fine . When mozerella was put in the grater , the handle broke off completely . The handle crank is not fastened to the grating drum very well and the stress of trying to grate soft cheese was just too much . I felt terrible for giving such a poorly made gift .
 Purchased this item because i hate to grate cheese ... It works okay . It will get the job done , but the handle on mine does n't lock . Therefore as you spin the grater it collapses . The handle should be bigger and stick out farther to make it easier to use .
 This grater was terrific , working excellently with hard cheese , and okay with soft cheese . However , the handle is a little too short , and TWICE , because it is made of plastic , little bits that were essential to it broke off , and it became useless . The first time I returned it to the store and they replaced it . The second time , they wanted me to send it to Zyliss , so I got to the website and it only replaces if you have the original receipt . So of course , I do not , because if I saved all my receipts I would n't have room to cook in my kitchen . So , the moral of the story
 This grater is perfect except that it broke after about a dozen uses . This model was top rated by a cooking magazine . Unlike some other graters , it comes with both a fine and coarse drum . With the drum out , everything can go into the dishwasher . The collapsable handle is a nice feature in that you can store both the grater and the cheese in a plastic bag in the fridge . The last time we used it , the handle broke off when my wife was trying to collapse it . She swears that she pushed the `` PUSH '' lever which allows the handle to collapse . Not being a mechanical engineer , this product seems like an accident waiting to happen . There is very little material -LRB- plastic -RRB- attaching the handle to the grater . Couple this with the stress exerted on the handle when you 're grating any cheese , and couple this with the the stress caused by trying to grate hard cheese , it 's no wonder the handle could be easily broken . Now , I 'm back to the standard kitchen grater that will grate the cheese or your hand , whichever comes in contact with it first . I 'm going to have to go back to the Olive Garden restaurant to find out what brand of grater they use . Surely , they do n't replace it after every shift . I did n't send it back because I think I may be able to connect the remaining parts to my battery powered drill . For hard cheese , I would select the `` impact '' drill mode .
 I should have headed the advice of another reviewer about the size of the grip , especially when turning the handle . The radius of the crank is too large to keep it steady.I would like to return it , but may be too late - I have been away from home since mid May .
 We 've gone through many hard cheese graters and we were hoping this would be a good one because of past experience with Zyliss . After a couple of years the parts are breaking off as noted . Even more annoying , its very hard to hold on to and the cheese goes flying as you 're grating . Its cute but not very functional.I 'm browsing Amazon for a suitable replacement .
 This was my third rotary grater . The plastic ones seem to break , and I lost my metal one in a move . This particular Zyliss one was by far the least comfortable to use , although it did grate things well and left the smallest `` cheese remainder '' of the three . The handle snapped off after about 6 months of light use .
 Mine lasted about a year and was fairly heavily used , but as with previous reviewers , it snapped at the handle . I 'm going to try the other Zyliss Amazon currently has for sale : Zyliss Classic Cheese Grater
 I normally LOVE Zyliss products , so purchasing this cheese grater seemed like a no-brainer . Wrong.As others have noted , the handle is far too short to make the grater work as effectively as it could . And the handle-hold is plain ergonomically weird.The Mouli cheese grater -LRB- a French production -RRB- is hands down superior to this style . I had a contemporary , plastic version of it for YEARS before it gave out.This Zyliss grater also lacks ` grip ' on the under side of the press , so the cheese slides forward and wedges in place in a way that leaves large pieces ungrated.Overall , would NOT buy this again , though I 'll figure out how to make it more happy for me to use ... hopefully .
 Ca n't say it much better than other reviewers
 I agree with other buyers of this grater that it is difficult to hold on to so that enough pressure is put on the cheese . It works pretty well if you need only a very small amount , but in less than a minute your hand will be aching while you try to hold on to it . The second time I used the small grater , the handle broke off from it . The handle is attached to the drum with plastic , and breaks when trying to grate a harder cheese .
 This seemed like a good idea when purchased , but it did n't take long to get to dislike it . The pressure needed to grate hard cheese makes it very uncomfortable to use . The crank handle locking mechanism broke shortly after I bought it . I still use it with the handle constantly collapsing and making my knuckles bleed . Avoid this model and get one with a fixed handle .
 FYI , we generally used ours for hard cheese ... 1 . The grater was slightly uncomfortable for me to hold/use -LRB- I have large hands -RRB- , my wife had a much harder time and commented to me that she did n't like using it due to this .2 . The handle is attached with a small piece of plastic to the drum . Within a few weeks , both handles had broken off of the drum . It 's now in the trash.I will say it worked well when it worked -LRB- for the most part -RRB- , however , based on the overall design flaws , I would n't recommend .
 I do n't do much grating of soft cheese , this might work for that , but it is awful for hard cheese .1 -RRB- The large drum and short handle give you very poor mechanical advantage .2 -RRB- The large surface area of the drum in contact with the cheese creates a large amount of friction .3 -RRB- The above two problems caused the designers to reduce the number of cutting holes on the drum to reduce the effort necessary to turn the drum . resulting in the grater cutting very slowly .4 -RRB- The large surface area also means that you have very poor mechanical advantage when squeezing the handle to force the cheese against the drum .5 -RRB- The large drum requires the addition of the funnel to prevent cheese going all over the counter top when grating.The end result is a grater that takes much longer to use , and leaves you with sore hands when you are done .
 I read some of the other reviews cautioning buyers about the handle -- how I wish I had taken them to heart . The handle is just plain mean ! The problem is you have to hold this thing in one hand while pressing the cover over the cheese . With the other hand you rotate the little short handle that moves the drum . Trust me , this is akward and challenging even for those who have strong hands . I should have returned it , instead I took it to the thrift store and bought another one of those hand-held grater boards that work quite well . Do n't waste your money on this poorly designed product .
 Bought grater and use it about once every 2 weeks . Lasted less than year . The round piece to collect the cheeze would not stay on after about 2 months . After 10 months , one of the pieces on the fine grater broke , making it useless . Sent Amazon a note about how to get replacement since supposedly a 5 year warranty . Will see what they come back with .
 We had used our previous Zyliss cheese grater for years , when we moved , the grater was in a box that was `` misplaced '' by our moving company . The long and short of this review is that this grater is a disaster , terrible to use ! It 's as if the designers had never heard of physics or the concept of leverage . They must have totally ignored everything that went into its previous iteration.If you have hands less strong than Arnold , you 'll find using the grater a challenge . I do n't doubt that other reviewers had positive experiences but they must be relatively young or have hands that I would n't want around my throat ... the in-house testers must have been mid-twenties MBA product managers , not older people like yours truly . When these product manager kids develop carpal tunnel or even light arthritis , they will have a very hard time using this grater without considerable pain.My reference for purchasing this grater was a Cooks Illustrated review , previous reviews on Cooks Illustrated have been spot on . Not this one . I 'm donating mine to a local thrift store and purchasing one of the earlier models , one that actually works ! Nice design , dog of a product.New is obviously not always better .
 This cheese grater is an unmitigated engineering disaster . The mechanical `` snaps '' on the fold in handles are made of plastic . Within days , _ both _ grating wheel had their handle `` snaps '' break right off . The rubber -LRB- in gray in the pic -RRB- gripper for the handle also pops off . The design may have been clever if the snap parts were made of metal or something that did n't break the minute the device was used with a piece of cheese .
 I got this grater for the large coars drum ; having more space in the middle helps allow long shreds of softer cheeses to form and fall out without squishing into each other . I have to admit , this grater deals with stuff like cheddar or swiss cheese much better than any other rotary grater I 've tried.However , most other graters , including the smaller Zyliss one , have the handle attached either as an integral piece of the barrel -LRB- flowing smoothly into the structure of the rim , all the way around -RRB- , or at an attachment point in the CENTER of the barrel , using struts or a closed structure on one side of the barrel . This model has a hinged handle that attaches to one small arc of the rim . This makes for a somewhat awkward motion in use , and it 's flimsy . After less than a year , the handle on my coarse drum shattered . I 'm guessing the fine drum would 've lasted less time than that -LRB- since you have to exert more force against the hard cheeses it 's appropriate for -RRB- if I ever used it . I grate hard cheeses in a smaller Zyliss grater -LRB- Zyliss 11370 Classic Rotary Grater -RRB- , which is sturdier and gives me better leverage.On the bright side , I found that the folks that own Zyliss offer excellent customer service -- I was able to get in touch with the company -LRB- google `` DKB Household USA Corp Contact '' -RRB- and they offered to send me a free replacement drum . So , that was nice . But , if it breaks again , I will just buy something else .
 I am pleased with the large cheese hopper on this unit , but the handle is bulky which makes it difficult to hold proper pressure on the cheese while turning the crank . Both grating drums broke before the unit was a year old . The plastic piece that holds them in place is too fragile . On the other hand , I like the texture of the grated cheese it produces with both grating drums . I just wish it were easier to use .
 The drum handle is attached to the grater drum -LRB- the only metal part -RRB- with a thin ring of plastic . This area snapped off during the first use of the grater -LRB- that is , the grater drum came lose from the plastic housing * -RRB- ; I do n't recommend this product , even if I liked items/appliances that only had one use -LRB- I do n't -RRB- . * The cheese was extra sharp cheddar , relatively hard for cheddar , but it was n't a hard cheese.Get a box grater or a mandoline with grater attachment , imo !
 The handle on the small grater broke off while grating cheese . Unfortunately we were past our 30 day warranty . The bigger grater still works though , so it is n't an entire waste.Additionally , there were no instructions on how to change graters so we had to work it out ourselves.I probably would n't recommend this one .
 I bought this when my old 7 '' Zyliss grater broke -LRB- after 12 years -RRB- . The old grater had been one of my favorite kitchen tools
 Poorly made . Handle broke the second time we used it . Whoever `` designed '' the handle had no knowledge of the force needed to grate cheese . Contacted the company and never received a response to our complaint .
 Grates cheese okay , would benefit from a bigger handle . It 's hard to turn with the little handle .
 We Googled like fiends trying to find a good grater for hard cheeses like parmesan and romano and this was the best we could find . Boooo . Surely there is a designer out there who can come up with something better than this.As other reviewers have noted , the lever is too short to exert enough turning force and you would need the hands of a stevedore to keep the handles squeezed together.At least it is slightly better than the old Pampered Chef crap that broke a few weeks after we bought it.UPDATE 01/02/08
 I thought I was buying a cheese grater.I really did.You see , when I grate parmesan on my regular upright grater , it makes grated cheese . You know
 I wo n't keep this cheese grater . I have been looking for a grater for soft cheese . This is uncomfortable to use and makes a mess . I think a smaller size is better if you can find one well made.I am disappointed in this product and would not recommend it for soft cheese . Also , for hard cheese there are much better choices such as the OXOOxo Good Grips Seal and Store Rotary Grater , White
 When this grater works , it is fantastic . I also love the 2 different size drums.The problem is it does n't work very often.The handle is supposed to lock but the lock only seems to work for a short time , then it wo n't stay locked as you are turning it and the handle collapses . Also , the little shield that makes it easy to grate into a smaller area falls off after a few turns.I exchanged this item once and the second one performed the same.If you are buying it for the left-handed feature , it can be converted for us lefties , BUT it turns in the opposite direction than is natural making it not much less awkward than a right-handed one.I do n't recommend this product at all .
 I purchased this item because I 'd used other Zyliss graters in the past and had been happy with the product . This product , at first , performs well . However , the flaw is in that in order to lock the spin handle in place , you have to put pressure on it . Within a very short time , the handle on both drums broke off . VERY disappointed in the quality level .
 I really wanted this to work well . I must say , since buying this Zyliss Cheese Grater it has been my go-to grater &#8212; virtually always for Pecorino Romano and Parmagiano Reggiano cheeses . My first disappointment was how small the &#34; chunk &#34; needs to be for everyone else in my family to feel that this cheese grater is comfortable to use . With anything large enough that the pressure arm starts out more than about 3/4-inches from the drum the user needs to have a fairly wide -LRB- open hand -RRB- grip while at the same time squeezing forcefully . But I would nevertheless have accepted this ` strong-but-wide grip ' requirement and happily continued to use and appreciate this grater . However it seems to have one other weakness
 This grater is very easy to set up and clean , but the design of it makes it inherently fragile and difficult to use . My husband put some hard cheese into it the first time we used it , and immediately snapped the plastic tab-handle off the grating wheel , rendering it useless . Thankfully it comes with two wheels , so we know now to be careful with it.It 's also a strain on my arthritic hands to use it for long , which is problematic considering how much cheese a vegetarian household can go through . The way the tab-handle is made , it forces the hands into a very unnatural position to use the grater.Since it ca n't really handle the hardest cheeses , like Parmigiano-Reggiano , and is n't useful for grating large quantities of cheese , we find we rarely use this grater anymore . I like its concept , and certainly it 's one of the better models I 've tried , but due to its design flaws I simply ca n't recommend it very strongly .
 The design of the case is correct . The straps distribute the weight evenly . I purchased this cover primarily to protect from dinging other items as I pack to go camping . There is zero effective padding on this case . The bottom is padded a little bit . Nothing around the edges or top . The workmanship is good , but the real problem is the lack of padding materials and the thin nylon is cheap . I feel ripped off that I paid so much for cheap materials . I wo n't return it , but for the money , this should be a lot better .
 What everyone says about this useless piece of garbage is accurate . It is a cheese mangler at best and should be avoided unless you are unable to crumble cheese without a so-called slicer . I hate it .
 As if you do n't already feel disgusting enough munching on shards of cheese , Zyliss has found a way to make the process even more degrading with their Dial-n-Slice Cheese Slicer . Defined as a `` slicer '' by only the broadest definition , the Dial-n-Slice is more of a novelty item , or a lesson in futility . While the dialing mechanism does seemingly succeed in adjusting the baseline width of your cheese slices , an arbitrary bend at the edge of the blade ensures that the cut is made as jaggedly as possible , leaving you a rough-hewn slab torn off the side of your cheese brick -- more often than not with a larger hunk attached to its end , punctuating exactly how terrible this cheese slicer is . Naturally , your freshly-sliced cheese hunk 's irregular shape and rough edge will inevitably get it stuck in the device , so be ready to prod it out and watch it crumble on the plate below.Never buy this product .
 This cheese slicer was with the presumption that it would `` cut the cheese . '' Unfortunately , it only crumble the cheese . The blade is not sharp enough to slice through even the hardest cheese and the adjustable slicing blade did not help at all . Save your money .
 It no longer allows me to select a size for each slice of cheese . It is also hard to remove cheese from device since it clenches onto the very end of it .
 I bought this cheese slicer because I like very thinly sliced cheese to eat on crackers . Often I 'm attempting to cut fairly soft cheese such as an inexpensive medium cheddar . The people who have already rated this for hard cheeses say that it crumbles the end of every slice , and mention it might work better on soft cheese - WELL - it does n't . Basically the cheddar sticks to the flat surface of the slicer as you try to slice and makes it very difficult . It also breaks off large chunks at the end of every slice -LRB- thicker than the width you 're slicing -RRB- . I highly recommend a cheese knife like this one instead - I used one at a friend 's home and its AMAZING
 We used this product for about 3 weeks , then it jamed in the 0 position for slicing.We were unable to move the dial in order to slice . It 's not worth buying .
 This thing is near worthless . It breaks huge chunks off the end of the cheese as you finish your cutting stroke . The cheese also gets stuck in the cutting mechanism , preventing you from cutting more cheese , and it 's difficult to clear the stuck cheese.It also has poor durability . I ran this through the dishwasher once , and was unable to adjust the cheese slice thickness afterward . The mechanism is permanently stuck .
 This cheese slicer is junk ! There is too much resistence on the slicer when pulled against the cheese . It simply does not work .
 We had an adjustible wire slicer for a long time that just wore out . First we tried another adjustible wire , which did not work - the wire kept coming loose . So we tried this Zyliss , thinking its different design would work . But this slicer just slices for 3 quarters of the way and then breaks the rest of the cheese off in chunks . Dialing the blade does nothing to change the performance . I 'm disappointed and am going to look for another wire type slicer .
 This slicer was terrible when trying to slice a block of colby-jack cheese . Setting it between the thinnest and thickest setting resulted in virtually no difference in the thickness of the slice , and either way you can only get one slice of cheese before the cutting area becomes clogged -LRB- it does n't really `` cut '' , it kind of drags along the cheese like a wood plane . You end up with a kind of curl of cheese -RRB- . I even tried it a second time to be sure , but after two attempts , it went back to the store .
 For the price , you are much better off with an adjustable wire slicer . Even the thickest setting is so thin that the slice is paper thin . Forget that grilled cheese sandwich , unless you start early ! Even medium-bodied cheeses , like Pinconning , break as you slice through . Not just the lag at the end break , either . Big chunks out of the edge of the brick . Fairly useless , waste of money .
 Like some of the other reviews here , I found that it slices okay until you get to the end of your block of cheese , then it crumbles and breaks off chunks . And then it 's not easy to get the chunks out of the blade . The variations in slicing thickness is a nice idea , but I do n't care too much about that , I just want something that cuts thin slices of cheese smoothly , without tearing up my block of cheese .
 This cheese plane does a terrible job slicing cheese . The cutting edge is useless and got dented within the first few days of owning it . Instead of cutting smoothly through firmer cheeses , it cuts then crumbles the far end of the cheese blocking the blade .
 I love most of my Zyliss product . I have to say I loved all of my Zyliss product except this one.All other wired cheese slicers seemed bit dangerous so I chose this product because of Zyliss namesake and how the design looks sturdy and safer for kids.It is not all that safe because cheese breaks up in the middle and children try to put more force thinking they have not applied the pressure enough -LRB- alas they have ! -RRB- I am very disappointed , as our family try to slice cheddar , Manchego -LRB- all hard cheese -RRB- and Gouda -LRB- somewhat softer -RRB- and all came out broken . We did not get any one `` whole '' unbroken cheese slice among the three cheese we used.I am not sure what to do with this product because I hate to return any prodcut back , and I am in disbelief that this slicer is working so poorly . I will try one more kind of cheese wishing for the best.For now , it seems , slicing with a sharp knife has far better result than this very frustrating cheese slicer.This product is the weakest link among other Zyliss products . It does not have Zyliss quality of `` doing its job in fashion . ''
 Worked well for approx . two weeks and then I recieved an error message on the LED readout . Contacted the manufacture and was instructed to send humidifier to them -LRB- I paid the shipping cost -RRB- . They send me a replacement . I havent used the replacement so my final opinion on this product is still yet to be determined .
 The mirror is nice quality . I would have given this a much better rating -LRB- at least 4 stars -RRB- . However , I was surprised it did not come with hardware to hang the mirror . I contacted the vendor to see if it should have come with hardware -- but , I have received no response . So between no hardware & the unresponsive vendor , I give this a low rating . I will update review accordingly if I hear back from the vendor .
 I have had this plate on my car for 2 months . It has rusted and the red has faded to a pink . Would not recommend .
 After long searching I thought Reed & Barton will provide quality in the infants silverware for the price it was asking.However after first use and first drop on the floor , the cup has not one , but FOUR holes in the engraving , and it 's now useless.What a disappointment !
 I never reeived this shipment and I am in he process of placing a claim for the charges on my credit card
 I did n't like these glasses at all . First of of all they 're made in China says so right on the box . Secondly the pink box is cheesy . The first time I opened it the bottom part of the buckle fell off and hit the floor . I had to push the tabs back in . Then when I put the lid back down one corner ripped . I was n't being rough either . When I was cleaning the glasses off with a tissue to see if I liked them better there was a chip in the glass at the top , I could feel with my fingernail . I also think they look quite cheap . I wanted to look at them before buying but I could n't find them anywhere so I took a chance . I honestly do n't even think they 're worth the price , I could get a cheaper glass that looks more expensive and has better quality . I got them for a my best friends wedding but I 'm too embarrassed to give them to her so I 'm returning and getting something else .
 Beware , this product is no longer made by Slant/Fin . Now made by KAZ USA INC. . And while the purifier is available , the replacement filters -LRB- and prefilters -RRB- are NOT . Take a look at both KAZ and Slant/Fin websites and give them a call if you need confirmation.Any one claiming to be selling this purifier 's filter/prefilter set -LRB- even though the ad might include a photo of the Slant/Fin Filter box -RRB- is selling something else ! Take it from someone who has learned the hard way . Have appliance , just ca n't use it until KAZ decides to get the filters to the marketplace ! They just do n't know definitely when they will be doing it ! Save yourself the aggravation , stay clear of Slant/Fin AND KAZ USA ! Obviously there is a serious problem here!If I could have given it ZERO stars I would have . Afterall , what good is a purifier without filters ?
 I gave this table as a gift to my husband for Christmas , we went camping this weekend and was hoping to use it , but the wind guard was assembled wrong so we were not able to use it . We contacted Lodge to get a replacement since it was assembled incorrectly from the manufacturer and we are not having any luck getting a new part . The tabs that go into the table on the back side is on the bottom and the two side panels they are located on the top . The pins that are used in the hinges will have to be broken off to fix . So if you purchase this table , make sure you open it immediately so you do n't have our issue months later and not able to return it .
 My husband loves his Lodge Dutch Ovens , but needed a good way to cook in them without scorching the yard . We got this table for that purpose . It arrived with the box pretty beat up and a small L bracket underneath was broken . He did n't mind that , he was just excited to finally get to use it . He set it up last night and cooked us dinner . He said it worked great and he was excited to have it ... until this morning when he went to fold it up to put in the bag . It was too hot last night , and he needed to wait for it to cool . This morning , in the light of day , he saw that the table itself was falling apart . The welded joints underneath had broken . The ones that hold the grilling surface onto the frame . He is so upset . He already had recycled the box , plus we had used it once , so we can not return it . He is going to ask his uncle if it can be welded back together . Very poor quality and durability . Also , this product says Made in China , though Lodge is supposed to be Made in the USA .
 This item arrived quickly from the seller . I have no problems with Amazon or the seller.The item arrived and I decided to assemble it before I took it on a campout . The wind shield that attaches to the cooking table was assembled incorrectly and it could not be attached to the table . Also one of the adjustable leg leveler screws in was stripped and could not be adjusted . I returned the product to Lodge.I received a replacement this past week , after not having it for two campouts , and upon taking it out of the box there were several bolts and nuts that fell out of the plastic wrapping . Only one of the legs was properly attached to the table . I was able to attach two of the other legs with the pieces that fell out of the packaging . I am still short 1 bolt to attach the 4th leg to the table . I am contacting Lodge again about the missing bolt .
 I picked out this bedding because my husband is a sports nut . We received it as a shower gift . I am returning it to the store first thing tomorrow . It is of very poor quality . One set of ties on the bumper pads is sewn on at the wrong spot which makes it impossible to fit on the crib properly . I am very disappointed in this purchase .
 Did not match the bumper pad at all . Totally different stripes and the bears were different too .
 I recently got on a smoothie kick and was looking for a cup that I could easily travel with , that had a straw , and would keep my smoothie cold . This cup looked perfect when I stumbled upon in on Amazon , so I bought one . However , after using it just a few times , I realized that it was n't going to work for my needs . This cup has so many restrictions -- the worst being that it has to be hand washed -LRB- it 's not dishwasher safe or recommended -RRB- and as lazy as it sounds , I just do n't want to have to hand wash it every night so that it is ready for the next mornings smoothie ... Also , in order to keep things cold , they recommend that you fill it with ice and cold water and let it sit for 5 or so minutes to get the cup 's temperature right for keeping your beverage cold for a longer period . Sounds like a good idea , right ?! It is a good idea , but it 's just is too much work when you are on the go and need to run out the door . I loved the idea of this cup , but it just did n't work for me in the way that I needed to . Instead I found the Aladdin Migo cup which is exactly what I want for my on the go smoothies -LRB- and that one is dishwasher safe ! -RRB-
 The grease worked very well for my RV application . I have one issue , the pIcture of the tube is misleading . No where did the . Amazon ad state the contents wt . or volume . When I got the grease it was in a small tube containing about 5 grams . Very small indeed . Oh , the label on the tube did not specify net contents as well .
 I was n't that impressed with this mandoline . I have a cheaper model that seems to work better . Was disappointed in the item .
 I bought this mandoline because I thought that it would help me with my food preperation . The only thing it 's really good for are onions . I would have liked the julliene option to work , but unfortunately the end product is not what it 's suppossed to be . The mandoline is at its ' best when it 's folded up in a drawer , it does n't take much space and there are no blades to store . However , it 's not so simple to fold or re-fold . I do n't reccommend this product .
 This goes not only for this model , but all similar products . The vegetable holder does not work well for all vegetables , such as carrots and bell peppers . So you may be tempted to go free-hand mode . If so , you do not want to be distracted . I was and it cost me a trip to the emergence room , 10 stitches to sew the end of my thumb back on . It went right through it and left it sitting on the cutting board . OUCH!I see that others have had the same misfortune . I should add that I had it set on # 4 , which translates to about 3/16 to 1/4 inch slices . That 's how much of my thumb was removed . A few days ago , I wanted to slice something with it , but decided not to - no nerve . I will probably discard it - after removing the blade .
 Extremely sharp mandoline . I cut my hands twice -LRB- badly -RRB- due to not knowing how to handle the madoline . It does take a while to figure out and after my bad experiences , I did n't even want to touch the thing , so my husband suggested I not bother folding the it when putting it away . When using the slider , be VERY CAREFUL , my hand slipped while on the french fry setting and sliced the palm of my hand -- yes -- right over the blades , then , my hand sliped and somehow sliced my finger underneath the mandoline . I still ca n't figure out how I managed to do that . I should proabably return it ... does not have safety feature to protect your hands , so I give it a 1 Star due to it 's sharp blades .
 This is replacing an old mandoline that worked well but was getting old and rusty . The old one actually works better than this.I really have to shove the vegetables through to cut them . It really should n't require the excertion I 'm needing to use . If it 's so sharp , WHY must I shove so hard ? It seems like the potato , onion , or whatever gets stuck halfway thru the slice consistently . I 'm wondering if this is what causes people to slip and cut their fingers . It 's a little frightening . I 'm dissapointed to say the least.Other than that , I think the product is fine . Once you 've used it a few times , you remember how to open it and use the options.Not ready to toss my old one just yet though ! Have n't given up on this one yet , hopefully I do n't lose a digit before that happens .
 I purchased this pitcher as a gift for a good friend , but was very disappointed in the product when it arrived . I could not give it as a gift as it was very low quality and the finished was scratched inside . I purchased similar glasses set from another vendor and was much more satisfied . I am sending this product back for refund !
 I received the aluminum pitcher and it was dented and smashed when it arrived . I do not know if it was how it was packaged or that the delivery company handled it improperly.I will send it back for a refund .
 This Goblet is advertised as a 10-1/4 oz Goblet . IT IS ONLY 8oz IF YOU FILLED TO THE TOP ! I can forgive for sending wrong item the first time and they were good about crediting my account but never gave me an explaination . I still wanted the OVERSIZED GOBLETS so I reordered . Guess what happened next ... What gets my goat is they are still advertising them as 10-1/4 oz ! Glassware is Beautiful but I WANT THE OVERSIZED 10-1/4 oz GOBLET , PLEASE !!!!!!!!
 I 've read other reviews where the 36 '' chain was not in the package , which clearly states in BIG BLACK Letters on the box
 Paid 3 times the price for this tripod because it was Lodge brand , and the Lodge website says all their products are made in America . I was steamed when it arrived in a box marked ` Made in China ' . Texsport makes a better and cheaper one , and at least they admit it 's made in China in the description.Country of origin matters these days -LRB- probably should have always mattered , but it really matters now -RRB- .
 I was disappointed to see that the pore size of this product is larger than many known allergens .
 says it all . Less than middle quality . Already off-chrome in many areas . Scared to use it but too much hassle to return it .
 two main complaints1 -RRB- it seems there is a hole in the rear `` cross '' bar of the boat for a `` sail '' or other vertical piece ... but no item comes in the box and there is no piece to order -LRB- see the 26 '' version for what the post / sail should look like . This `` missing '' piece significantly reduces the beauty of the boat and therefore now looks like it has a missing piece2 -RRB- the vendor eKitron was VERY slow in shipping ... I paid the extra cost for expedited shipping -LRB- cost ~ $ 25 -RRB- and they still took 7 days to ship ! -LRB- and never provided me with a tracking number -RRB- . When I called to check on the status and ask for a tracking number , they only had an answering maching and did not return the message.Lacquer Sashimi Serving Boat 17 in .
 I am glad I received this as a gift because I would have been annoyed if I 'd spent money on it . I love cooking with cast iron , and I think it is the only way to make a perfect pancake with even browning . I 'd been happily using my round Lodge skillet , but I put this on my wishlist so that I could easily make four at once.I 'd read the reviews that mentioned uneven heating , so I let the griddle preheat in the oven for an hour while I baked cookies , then warmed it on the burner for 10 minutes . I poured a pancake in each corner , and they cooked very unevenly - too dark on the sides closest to the center , while still too raw to flip on the sides closest to the corners . I gave up , and went back to one at time , in the center of the pan.I tried the pan today , for silver dollar pancakes . This worked a bit better , because the smaller pancakes were n't exposed to as wide a range of temperatures , but they were still a bit uneven . The pancake in the middle of the pan cooked about twice as fast as those on the corners!I think I will use this for things like oven fries going forward , but this griddle is pretty much useless on the stovetop .
 I assumed , -LRB- incorrectly as it turned out -RRB- that the griddle surface would be like other griddle surfaces of my cast iron cookware . That is to say - * smooth * . The surface is rough cast-iron - exactly the way it came out of the mold . THe same is true of my recently purchased Lodge cast iron frying pan . My -LRB- much -RRB- older cast iron lodge frying pan and early griddle had machined cooking surfaces . No longer . No amount of `` seasoning '' will enable one to fry items or deglaze without some sticking because of the rough surface regardless of the amount of oil one uses on the surface -LRB- unless of course you 're frying in an inch of oil . -RRB- A disappointment .
 The need for the 12-inch Square Griddle made me overlook the written reviews and purchase one . Big mistake . The reviews are right-on and the griddle gets hot in the center and just warm on the edges . Save your money .
 I really wanted a square skillet from Lodge for a long time . This one is highly disappointing . It sits flat on a surface when cool however , it warps as it gets hot and then flat again when cool . Not what any cook wants . The eggs run away from the uneven surface and bacon grease leaves the skillet entirely . Good luck with yours but I ca n't recommend this one .
 I am very disappointed with this pan . It heats unevenly . Making grilled sandwiches is difficult because you need to keep rotating the sandwich to get it completely grilled . Making pancakes is worse . The pancake only cooks in the center of the pan .
 Despite a few of the other reviews we decided to try our luck with this pan . Sure wish we had n't bothered . Both my wife and I tried cooking pancakes without much luck . We did heat the pan slowly and let it warm up for a long while , but even after 30 minutes of heating and cooking , at least two of the four corner areas were still unusable for pancakes . The first few cakes were nearly burnt near the middle of the pan while still raw near the edges , and the last few I gave up and just cooked one at a time in the middle of the pan . Furthermore , although the pan was perfectly flat at room temperature , the edges must have lifted up very slightly -LRB- or the middle bowed down -RRB- when it heated up , because it would spin around on our glass top stove when I went to flip the pancakes .
 If you want to make the worst pancakes ever , then buy this griddle . I have never seen a pancake that was burnt on one half and uncooked on the other half of the same side . I wanted to buy American , but this is n't the way to go . This was a waste of my money .
 I bought this to replace some worn out Club griddles , Thinking this would be great as I have a couple very old cast iron skillets.Used it the first time only to find the surface finish is so rough , the texture of sand , that every thing sticks so bad unless it is floating in grease , not sure why they do n't try to make the cooking surface smooth so it does not stick so bad , but if you still cook with a ton of lard , then they probably work great for you . Other wise a 12 '' piece of steel plate would work better . . I am thinking of taking out to the shop and sand the sufurce and re-season it.Buy different one !
 I 'm certainly not the only person who loves Lodge 's generally amazing reliability with cast iron cookware ... for the price , you really ca n't beat it . However , this piece ... missed the mark big time . Considering I have a Le Creuset oval griddle and a big square cornbread cooker to judge it against , it 's fair to say this ... is not level . It wobbles , which I 'd only expect if I was using a Betty Crocker nonstick `` first pan for college cooking '' type unit . The handles do n't feel right , either ... it does n't behave at all like Lodge ... more like that Bayou brand carried at Target and Wal Mart ... So yeah , disappointed is a good word to sum it up.One other detail to toss in here is a slight `` beef '' with Lodge for not offering anything with coated bottoms . The looks are not the issue ... the issue for me is that I would LOVE to buy their flat , square cornbread cooker -LRB- or one of the better-performing griddles -RRB- for someone to make pancakes and the like with instead of one of the dozen `` panini grills '' with the ridges out there , but nope , not going to happen because that person has a glass cooktop . So an FYI many people could stand to know in this modern day and age = you ca n't use uncoated cast iron pans on glass or ceramic cooktops . Check Lodge Manufacturing 's site if you doubt me , but it is very frustrating , as I have to pay a fortune just to get something painted and ultimately do n't get exactly what I want -LRB- a flat square cooker with a couple inches of depth to hold more than just a pancake -RRB- . Lodge has the shape and flat inner surface , but it 'll ruin the cooktop , so oh well , bye bye Lodge , hello ... big oval Le Creuset again . Maybe they 'll `` get it '' some day and recognize that even a cheap T-Fal finish would suffice for those of us who do n't really care if the paint chips but do n't want the cooktop to stop conducting heat evenly from all the damage of cast iron .
 I have a collection of Lodge pans in the kitchen `` tool box '' so it was a no brainer that getting this griddle would be an exciting addition . It showed up in perfect shape and was even pre-seasoned . I was sure that cooking would be a snap but was quickly very disappointed . After mixing up some delicious home made pancakes , I quickly ruined the first pan full by the pan burning the ones in the middle and under cooking all the others . We use a state of the art G.E. gas stove with very good ratings . The burners all are very even and heat perfectly . After shifting the griddle around to other burners , there was no change . This problem usually stems from poor materials and inconsistent construction . For any other griddle , I would take it in stride but for a Lodge product , this was surprising and unexpected . For comparison purposes , I put on the large skillet and cooked up a perfect set of pancakes . I 've never had such an experience and could n't believe it ! This should n't stop you from buying their skillets but I ca n't believe the handling of this griddle . Very disappointing . Very unexpected .
 I wanted to love this griddle because I have other Lodge pans and the size is great . That said , even with preheating , this griddle does not heat evenly - the center gets much hotter than the corner areas . For pancakes , I rotate them just to have some even browning . A disappointment .
 I thought this would perform like the Lodge skillets that get glowing remarks but this is a griddle which to me makes a difference.Positive : - Sits flat on gas range -LRB- doesnt rock -RRB- and it has a smooth cooking surface -LRB- no bumps that need grinding -RRB- Negatives : - Food sticks to the surface even though I only use it to cook bacon over low heat . I have to use a spatula and scrape under the bacon in order to flip it over which tears the bacon and makes a mess . And yes I always season the pad with oil after cleaning it . - It doesnt heat evenly , even after 1/2 hour on low to medium heat . The middle gets hot , the sides and corners stay much cooler , so the bacon gets burnt in the middle but is still fatty on the ends . - I wanted a flat cooking area of 12 `` x12 '' . The entire surface area with the lip is 12x12 but the flat cooking area is only 10x10 . Not technically wrong but something you should be aware ofReturning it for a 12 '' Lodge griddle
 I 'm trying to replace my teflon with other things , and have several other cast iron pans that I use and like . But this pan is awful . Heat distribution is VERY uneven , even after letting it heat up for a long time . The center burned , and the outside did n't cook , on high , on low , and forget about the corners ever cooking . And this is on the largest diameter gas burner on my stove . A waste of money .
 I have been looking for this pan for years.I was so happy to find them I bought two.I wish I had not bought them.Hot spots and surface is sooo ruff .
 I thought this pillow would be the answer ! Its a great idea but one insert is to flat , two inserts is ok , all three memory foam inserts are way to much . And pillow ear ? Oh my aching ears , I have had pillow ear pain before but never like this . I am not sure my ears will ever be the same , and sadly , I probably have to stop using this pillow ! It needs help : -RRB-
 I would avoid these at all costs ! We got 2 of them to use in our subs and the end that goes into the sub hole , it is too small and allows way too much play . We put the pole in the sub , put a speaker on the top , and watched as the speaker , pole and all , swayed back and forth ! No way !!!
 I purchased this item January 2010 . I threw it away April 2010 . From the first time I used it , I found the measuring cup difficult to adjust and difficult to read . The flexible rubber gasket that is attached to the inner tube is wide enough to hinder accurate reading and makes adjustment difficult . I followed the manufacturer 's instructions , applying a thin film of oil to the gasket , but that only helped slightly . I started washing it by hand , hoping that would be easier on the gasket , but again , it only helped slightly . After less than three months use , the rubber gasket started ripping away , so now it leaked when used with liquids . Hard to adjust , hard to read and and not worth the money .
 I really like the idea behind this , and it does serve the purpose of measuring sticky , semi-solid ingredients like honey , peanut butter and mayo without leaving half of it behind in the measuring cup . But the design does not work for me . You have to be very careful while filling it , otherwise the plunger moves around constantly and your measurement is no longer accurate . I find that being so gentle with sticky ingredients is a challenge , especially if you want to eliminate air pockets . I would n't recommend spending your money on these adjust-a-cups ; I 'd rather just use a small spatula to scrape out my measuring cups .
 It has not worked like it did for Alton Brown . It shifts -LRB- does n't stay where you put it -RRB- and drops on the smaller measurements -LRB- aka . the manufacturing variances are too wide between the inner and outer sections -RRB- . I really wish I could return it . We are not pleased .
 I bought this item used it once and it fell apart the black cap fell off and the clear tube cracked . So not worth the price .
 NOT THAT GREAT - FLIMSY FOR THE PRICE ... I CAN SEE THE MARKINGS COMING OFF ... AWFUL FOR SPOONING INGREDIANTS INTO IT SUCH AS SUGAR , FLOUR , ETC. . AND THE MEASUREMENT SEAL DOES NOT HOLD WELL WHEN USING HONEY , ETC. . . LOST IT 'S GRIP AFTER THE FIRST WASHING ... I WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS ...
 It 's to wobbly and awkward to use with dry ingredients . IMHO not useful for daily cooking . How many times do you measure mayo or honey in a year ? I 'm sure it 's great when someone else is filling it for you . It makes for good TV when you pop it into the bowl -LRB- looking at you Alton -RRB- . This really does n't belong in my kitchen . Give it a pass .
 I have used this type of measuring cup for years . I needed a replacement for my last one as I wore it out . Within a few uses the measurement markings rubbed off on my hands . I was measuring basic cooking items , nothing wierd , and hand washing . Threw the thing out within a month .
 If I were to rate this based on liquids only , I would give it zero stars . For dry measuring , like shortening , it is fine , maybe 4 stars . One star off because the plunger is not tight enough to stay in place when you put your ingredient in . You constantly have to monitor and adjust it . The liquid I tried , measured fine , but when I went to pick it up , the plunger went slightly askew and the liquid all came out the bottom !
 I got this on 11/Jan and it is now 13/Feb . I used it once , was happy with it , and put it away . I went to use it again today and noticed my hand had a great deal of black on it after I got it down . I looked and all the text is rubbing off ! I 've used it once ! The 30 day return period is of course up . I washed this by hand originally and one more hand washing will do the writing in I suspect , rendering this item useless . I would not recommend this product .
 This is extremely poor quality/defective . The measurement markings on the cup rubbed off after just a few uses . Item was hand-washed and used under completely normal conditions .
 I was so disappointed upon receipt of this atomic clock . While it was exactly what I wanted for a gift , the entire plastic case was terribly marred and scratched and unsuitable for giving . This was the first item I have ever had to return . Usually the packing of items I receive takes extreme work to open -- this one was not the case . It was totally exposed and subsequently all scratched up .
 I ENDED UP THROWING THE CLOCK AWAY BECAUSE IT KEPT STOPPING AND I WOULD HAVE TO TAKE THE BATTERY OUT AND PUT IT BACK IN AND WAIT FOR IT TO RESET ITSELF . THIS HAPPENED MORE AND MORE FREQUENTLY UNTIL I 'D FINALLY HAD ENOUGH AND TOSS IT . I DO N'T MIND CHANGING A BATTERY WHEN IT RUNS DOWN BUT NOT DAILY .
 Amazon seems to have a problem with color blindness . The picture is for a silver clock but the fine print in the description says gold -LRB- which I found out later after I received it -RRB- . I am not a happy camper ! The clock required me to put it in the window to receive the signal . I have a Skyscan weather clock that does n't have this problem which is why I purchased another Skyscan clock . The face is scratched and has glue all over it . The 2 center buttons for time zone did not function when I first received it and even after it got the signal and set itself . For some reason it worked once today and I was able to get it to set to central time . Amazon was once my first choice for shopping but now I start elsewhere due to overcharging for shipping , incorrect descriptions , and their decline in quality .
 Do n't buy this clock to use in an office building . The `` atomic clock '' features do n't work in mine . It would n't set itself correctly when I bought it , so I had to set it manually . Yesterday was the fall time change , and it did n't reset itself . Once it 's set manually it keeps good time , but the way it 's made makes setting it a bit difficult . The fine print on the directions says it wo n't work in a mall , and I guess that also applies to my two-story office building . I suspect it proabably also applies to appartment buildings .
 Clock worked fine for 2 weeks then one day I noticed the second hand was n't moving . The clock still kept time but the second hand was stuck at 12 seconds . I tapped , replaced batteries , etc. . but no go . I did receive a replacement promptly from Amazon that has been working for a week now . Funny thing is I saw this same clock at a restaurant two days ago and its second hand was frozen . I even mentioned it to the waitress and she said it stopped moving about a month after they hung the clock . Same as mine the clock kept time . I guess in summary if you do n't like to return items this might not be a good idea.Update : Replacement clock worked for about 3 weeks then the second hand froze at 28 seconds . This time Amazon will not replace but instead told me they have too many problems with this item and would rather refund my money . This thing is not worth your trouble . If I could I 'd change my rating to 1 star .
 I bought this clock for my office . It arrived in good shape , but the plastic bezel and face are pretty flimsy plastic . There was a clear vinyl sticker on the face of the clock advertising something , which , when I removed it , left a residue that I could not remove with water or Goof Off . When I called Equity 's customer service , they could not offer any help , and all they told me was to return it to Amazon , which I did -LRB- thank you Amazon for being much more helpful than the manufacturer -RRB- .
 I bought this a few days ago . The stupid thing set itself just fine the first time , but the battery that came with it died within 2 days of its arrival . So I replaced the battery , and watched it re-set itself -- TO THE WRONG TIME . And I do n't mean just to the wrong time zone , I mean it set itself to the wrong minute and hour . It has maintained this wrong setting ever since then , and there 's no way to manually adjust it.I ca n't imagine what to do with it except throw it away ... who would want a clock you ca n't set and is n't anything like at the real time?Absolute waste of money .
 This clock worked fine for about a month . Now both hands are stuck at 12:00 . I have tried every suggestion on the manufacturer 's web site and nothing works . This one goes in the trash can . Can anyone suggest a better choice ?
 ZERO STARS !! First of all , let me say that I bought this atomic clock because I 've had others in the past and enjoy having the correct time . So I do know how to use one.This one , however , has been nothing but a headache . Upon set up it never did catch the signal , so we had to figure out how to set it manually , which is annoyingly difficult.When DST began , the clock did not change . Another headache resetting it.Today the thing went completely crazy and the hands just began racing around , never stopping . We took out the battery and reset it and then it began losing time.DON ' T BUY IT !!!
 1 . Has trouble resetting the time once the hour changes due to daylight savings time .2 . The minute hand strrted spinning around madly , only stopped once the battery was removed . Replace the battery & it starts spinng again .3 . We have a Strosphere atomic clock in a different room and it has worked flawlessly for a few years now.Guess what we 're going to do ? Yip , toss the piece of junk and buy a reliable replacement
 The clock set itself OK and keeps accurate time , but the second hand stopped working on this one like several others have commented after about a month of use . Every 15 seconds or so I can see the minute hand nudge forward a bit and the time is correct , but the second hand is frozen in place .
 This product set itself and is keeping time . It just looks very cheap and the face was scratched when I received it .
 Did n't work had to send it back . The clock would n't even set . Very frustrating , followed instructions and it still did n't work .
 Came factory damaged , clock face was distorted/warped as was the clear plastic cover -LRB- ad & box says glass , but it 's all PLASTICand also had numerous deep scratches -RRB- Returned for refund ...
 I picked this item because it had regular numbers on the face . The item I received had II and XII numbers . There was also a scuff on the frame of the clock . Very disappointing when the product does n't match the picture . The light is not very bright and the illumination area is not behind the numbers , so you are still guessing at the time .
 This is a piece of junk . It stopped working within a couple of days after purchase . New batteries etc did n't make a difference.The night vision user interface is very crude and limited - something you 'd expect to see in a beginner student class project . So I was n't surprised when it stopped working . I 'll be returning this .
 If this is n't a second , it ought to be . Item package claims it has a glass lens . Nope , it 's plastic . Clock arrived with scratched lens - inside the packing . Perhaps this was a repackaged return ? Based on the other reviews I concur
 Clock works but back light in no use , ca n't be seen in dark unless you are within two feet of clock.dc
 The clock is beautiful ! But in night glow mode it is almost impossible to read from across the room . So if you want it for close up it would be fine .
 The frame is silverish paint over black pastic.The Dial is much more modern with sanserif numbers.It posesses a conventional movement with the second hand concentric to the others.The backlight is insufficient to read past 10 feet at night by my eyes.The backlighting is a timer set for up to eight hours starting when you first adjust it . The light does not come on with reduced light levels.Mine both arrived with a hazing of the crystal . -LSB- Shop wear ? -RSB- David Bullis
 I just got it today and put in the wall . It looks horrible . The inside plastic sticker with roman numerals is not properly glued to the clock . There is a huge bubble of air in the middle and when light reflects on it -LRB- yes , it is very shiny -RRB- looks like it is water damaged.Not sure if mine is defective or that is how all of them look like . Returning mine but not sure if to ask for a replacement or a refund . Are yours the same ?
 It says it has a glass face . It looks and feels like plastic . The face was scuffed when I got it , as there was no protective film on it . Also , the face is what is 12.5 inches . Add in the frame and it is a lot bigger . The arms are not solid ; so that along with the fact that the numbers are not part of the back lit area make it harder to read at night .
 I am usually pretty generous with my reviews , but DO NOT BUY THIS CLOCK . The `` silver '' rim is made of painted plastic , the face is made of cheap plastic -LRB- that was scratched and cloudy when it arrived ... not due to the packaging , either -RRB- . The actual face on the inside of the clock is made of a thin plastic that was warped and looked like a clock from Dali 's `` The Persistence of Memory '' . I normally keep the items I order from amazon , even if they 've been damaged by shipping , etc. but this one is NOT a keeper .
 We bought this to put under our dining table to protect the rug there . Within a month it started to show signs of cracking , and within 3 months -LRB- since purchase -RRB- it will have to be replaced . The very chairs its designed to sit under were the cause of the cracking . Not nearly as durable as they would have you believe . Save your money .
 Records will show I 've boutht 3 of these clocks in last 6mo . I gave them away as presents , then my 88yr . old moms says you ca n't see the time during the day unless you punch a button , Then time will stay on only for 5 seconds . This was not refered to in details of clock when I bought them . It may work during the night but why would anyone build a clock that you have to go to and punch a button to see time during day . To say the least I CA N'T TELL YOU ENOUGH HOW NOT HAPPY , I AND EVERYONE ON MY GIFT LIST IS WITH THIS PIECE OF WORK ! GEO
 The clock does not project out to a ceiling at about foot to waist level unless you turn it around backwards ! Thus the clock face is not readable . The rotational adjustment doesnt allow you to rotate towards the middle of a ceiling or wall.Poor design as compared to other projection alarm clocks purchased in the past .
 Great price for this clock , BUT , have read the instructions and set the clock and it always -LRB- when wave happens -RRB- sets itself for one hour behind the original time . Have taken out batteries and unplugged the clock and re-set many times to no avail .
 Where to start . No warranty , no instructions . Would not set time automatically . Focus knob simply rotated ; did not focus . Without instructions is difficult to set up . Worth maybe $ 10 for the projection , no more . Overall , cheap , cheap , cheap . Poor example for Lacrosse ; will avoid them from now on . Very disappointed ,
 DOES NOT PREFORM AS ADVERTISED !! DOES NOT KEEP PROPER TIME AND THE ALARM THAT WE HAVE NEVER SET , WO N'T STOP GOING OFF !!! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND PURCHASING !!! MICHAEL PILIARIS
 This clock WILL NOT keep the right time . It keeps kicking back an hour . I would not buy this product again . I 've had other La Crosse items that I 've really liked . This one is NO GOOD !
 I tried the `` Equity by La Crosse SkyScan 31269 LCD Atomic Alarm Clock '' and it was fine except the clock ran from battery only even though they give you an ac adapter . The ac adapter is for the ceiling display only . When you change the battery on the La Crosse , the clock and ALL settings are lost so I returned it and bought the `` SmartSet Dual Alarm AM/FM Clock Radio '' . The ceiling time can NOT shown right side up with the clock facing you , this is like most other ceiling clocks so watch out . The La Crosse has the most advanced ceiling display as it can be twisted all 4 directions , but can not be twisted enough to use the clock with the ceiling display right side up .
 The clock will not set to eastern standard time . I manually set it and it keeps reseting itself to central time . The customer service on this product is horrible . A person called during the day and left me no good info .
 Kmart has the exact same thing for $ 9.99 . At your price ... you 've got to be kidding me !
 9 weeks since Calphalon received by 5 qt dutch oven for warranty replacement -LRB- fyi NEVER cook cranberries in Calphalon they take the coating off of the pan -RRB- and my order still has not been processed . I call every week for a status updated and I am told it will be expditied and shipped the next day and it never gets expedited or shipped ... TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ! I still do not have my replacement nor has it even shipped !
 We bought 2 non-stick Calphalon pans less than a year ago . We treated them with care , hand washing them etc. . After a couple of months one of the pans started having the non-stick coating come off . No problem , we thought . There is a lifetime warranty . Right ? Well , we sent the pan in for a warranty replacement . What we got back was our defective pan and an unsigned form letter accusing us of subjecting the pan to `` caustic agents . '' This , of course , is nonsense . Both pans were subjected to exactly the same conditions , but only one started disintegrating . Neither pan has ever seen the inside of a dishwasher as we only hand-wash Teflon-coated pans . Neither pan has ever been subjected to excess heat . But Calphalon would rather accuse a customer of abusing their product than honor their warranty . So , my advice
 For this price I was expecting something that would last a long time . I bought two and as others have noted , both eventually broke within about a year . The pepper mill stopped grinding -LRB- rotated freely without catching on peppercorns -RRB- and the coarseness adjuster snapped off on the salt mill when I tried to adjust it . They are also unduly heavy .
 I bought this in October 2008 . I thought a pepper grinder would last indefinitely . Not so when plastic is used for parts that must take frequent stress . A chuck of plastic broke off the grinding mechanism . I wonder if it got ground up into my food . Back to the old mortar and pestle .
 I received this pepper mill -LRB- along with the salt mill -RRB- as a gift for Christmas 2008 . After three months it broke . I suddenly noticed large chucks of whole pepper were falling out the mill when I would turn it .
 I bought this pepper mill about 2 months ago because it had a lot of positive reviews , and because it was cheaper than the others I found . It worked great for about 1 month of frequent use . It wore out quickly , and now -LRB- about 2 months after buying it -RRB- , it barely even grinds my peppercorns at all . It 's almost like dumping whole peppercorns on my food . This thing is a cheap , low quality piece of junk . I should have spent a little more and bought a better quality pepper mill .
 We are pretty heavy-duty cookers but this product only lasted for about a year before the internal mechanism cracked . I should note that we purchased two at the same time , one for white pepper and one for black , and they both broken within a week of each other .
 I have had the same peppermill for over 35 years . I bought this type without noticing that you have to take off the cap , turn the peppermill upside down and then put the cap back on when you 're finished . What 's with that ???? Well , I just want to grab the peppermill , give it a few twists and put it down . I do n't like the style of this in the least and it is going to be returned . I do n't mind a bit of pepper-dust on the counter now and then . Grab and twist ; that 's what I want !
 I have owned three of this model . One by one , they have all bit the dust . The internal grinder component is made of plastic and gives out in 8 or so months of use .
 I had mine for about a year than the top disconected and it broke so I 'm sending it back under lifetime warrenty .
 Our second Olde Thompson Bavaria peppermill just failed . The plastic piece inside broke and the head just spins free -LRB- same as the first one that failed . -RRB- If you buy one of these , plan on it lasting a year .
 My Mom bought me one of these for my birthday and when the grinding mechanism broke six months later , I thought it was a fluke , so I bought another one . Well , that grinding mechanism broke too , but in a different way . I like the glass/silver combo , but the looks are the only positive thing going for this one .
 A friend gave me this pepper mill with the Swiss blumenpfeffer in it . I can not get it to grind ! We have tried adjusting it in all ways and very little comes out . I 'm trying to figure out how to take it back but it was a gift and I want the `` flower pepper '' that is in it that she had made . Mine says `` Trudeau '' on it but it looks identical to this one .
 Like other reviewers , mine broke . This happened after a few years of use but the use was modest . The internal grinding ring stated spinning so you could twist it beautifully in synq with grinder which of coarse means it no longer grinds . You can not take it apart with breaking a plastic retaining ring so efforts to glue the grinding ring is not practical . The grinder looks good , worked good until this malfunction but the way it is made , I would call it a temporary grinder . I would try another .
 Owned this pepper mill for 5 months before it broke . When it worked , it was very nice . Ground lots of pepper with little effort , and I liked the lid thing that kept grounds from getting everywhere.However , the grinding mechanism would loosen itself slightly with each grind , so your pepper became progressively more coarse if you forget to readjust . The mouth to refill the pepper container is also quite narrow , so refilling takes longer than it needs to -LRB- though is not very hard -RRB- . Then one day , after 5 months of moderate use , the pepper mill broke mid-grind as I was making breakfast . I gave it a couple rotations to see what was going on , and the grinding element and a load of pepper corns came streaming into my eggs . The apparatus that holds the grinding element in place inside the grinder is made of plastic , and it cracked in half.Not happy with the durability of this product . Gets more than one star only due to good grinds while it worked .
 Understanding what your dollar is buying is more important today than ever . The guidance on reviews is to provide information that you would have liked to have had before buying . It is in this spirit that this review is written.You have most likely done some comparison shopping on food mills , and have perhaps come across ads for the Cuisipro , Norpro , RSVP International , OXO , MIU , All Clad and other food mills that compete with R&ouml;sle . The prices on these food mills vary from roughly $ 40 up to $ 120 . Many come with two disks , and some with three . Some are plastic body -LRB- OXO -RRB- , others are stainless steel.Whenever buying a product , particularly one that is at the high end of the price spectrum such as the R&ouml;sle , you hope that you are getting what you are paying for . I am willing to pay more for an item that is made by an experienced and skilled craftsman using high-quality materials regardless of the country of origin . Kramer knives , All Clad , Mauviel , and Le Creuset cookware , Laguiole corkscrews are a few examples of kitchen items that cost more , and at least in my view are well worth it . If you assume that the premium that you pay for a R&ouml;sle food mill -LRB- or any other R&ouml;sle product for that matter -RRB- is because it is still made in Europe , by experienced German metalworkers , using a high-quality German stainless steel , and assembled in Europe , then you are unfortunately now mistaken . Despite the umlaut and the German text on the packaging , if you look more carefully you will now find a very small label on the box indicated that the item is now made in China . When I visited a Sur La Table store , and looked at many other R&ouml;sle items , all of them were now made in China . Since Cuisipro , Norpro , RSVP , OXO and numerous other food mills are also made in China , and cost one-third to one-half of what the R&ouml;sle sells for , it became very hard for me to justify the substantial incremental cost.I wrote to R&ouml;sle about this change -LRB- according to the staff at Sur La Table they did previously make the product in Germany -RRB- . R&ouml;sle had an opportunity to respond and set the record straight . Perhaps the mill parts are still made in Germany but merely assembled in China ? Perhaps the stainless steel is still made in Germany but is formed in China ? I never did get a response , and so their silence is perhaps an indication of the true answer . Like many other corporations , they have decided to manufacture abroad , increase their profit margin , and maintain their premium price . If they can maintain their prior level of quality , great . I am just not willing to take that risk . I bought it , and after seeing the half-inch by half-inch Made in China label , returned it . Thanks , but no thanks . Not at the price you are asking .
 Have bought products made by R&ouml;sle in past before they outsourced to China . Have not bought anything since . How can prices remain just as high as before when we all know the labor cost is a fraction of what it was in Germany . Will not buy products made in China by any company even if the company says they are made to specs , the quality is never as good as it was when made in America , Europe , Japan , Canada , or Korea . Products made in China , Mexico , India , and other cheap labor markets just do n't seem to stand of to scrutiny .
 I really wanted to purchase this product , however I will not!I have many R&ouml;sle product ; however I will never own one that say -LRB- is not made in the origin of their conception -RRB- MADE IN CHINA . Cheap labor is not the answer marketing this product . This was a highly regarded name by professionals and professional home cooks as a beautiful German made task specific kitchen tool sadly , it now has a big black eye and a lot of frustrated and disgruntled fans and X-fans . NEWS FLASH R&ouml;sle ! None of my friends or self want to have anything in their kitchen made in china ! for many different reasons , in fact I have on more than one occasion seen people in high end kitchen shops looking at all of the items on the R&ouml;sle racks , franticly , trying to find the last of the authentic German R&ouml;sle items that still say made in GERMANY on them . Your company just shot themselves in the foot . Make them in Germany and charge a little more , people that buy quality European products have the discretionary income to pay a little more for the assurance that it is of European quality , materials , by a European community that has pride in craftsmanship and that the wages to make them stay in that country.If it says : * R&ouml;sle * Proudly Made in GermanyYou will have my Business and money!If not you get nothing ZERO from myself , many friends , colleagues and fellow chefs that I know .
 Really unhappy with this product . I use a food mill a lot around the house and this had some warts from the start . The mill did not feed food in well and required a lot of scraper use to keep food in the processing area . It is now broken after 3 months of use , after paying $ 100 + i expect a lot better durability
 Poor quality . I expected to pay more and have an item that lasted forever . However , I got Chinese quality with a German price . Do n't waste your money .
 I think the title says it all ... Who is kidding whom ? Why pay an extra seventy or eighty dollars for an ` umlaut ' in the seller 's name ?
 That 's a pretty steep price for a product the company saved a lot of money on outsourcing the production to CHINA . I almost bought it , but that 's a deal breaker , I can get a made in China one for under $ 30.00 !
 Granted , I have used it every day . I do n't think this should break in the first 6 months of use . The metal ring that fastens to the plastic base of the grinding part will come off as it is held by hot glue . Not the best , but sadly I ca n't find a replacement . No one makes glass grinders ?
 Our daughter and son-in-law had this pepper mill and as my husband puts pepper on most of his food , even his morning oats , I got one for him . It worked well but a few days ago the plastic parts inside broke into several pieces . We 're disappointed with the quality .
 My husband and I purchased a set of these -LRB- one salt and one pepper -RRB- shortly after we got married . We were very happy with them at the time . They were used several times a week and had to be refilled on a regular basis.Before our first anniversary , the salt mill simply broke . The metal parts rusted through . What a horrible design flaw ! Metal is great - except when it rusts as it will when put near salt and humidity.The replacement mill that I bought was a Peugeot . After using it once , it was immediately apparent how wrong I was about THIS product . The Peugeot grinds the salt more fine and more evenly than this.Save your money . Buy quality .
 I CAN ONLY SAY THAT I WISH I WOULD HAVE TRIED THIS BEFORE I TOOK THE WRAPPER OFF . I WOULD HAVE RETURNED IT . IT IS TOO HARD AND UNCOMFORTABLE . I PUT A REGULAR PILLOW OVER IT HOPING IT WOULD HELP . IT DID N'T .
 Dissappointed in its length . It is longer than necessary and extends over to my wife 's side of the bed.Had to give it up and continue using a pillow under my knees.When I find some one who can use it I will give it the them
 Over long , hard , not flexible at all ; actually uncomfortable . I do n't use it and can not return it . Do not recommend it .
 This wedge is just too hard and not at the right angle fo me . I kept it because it was difficult to return and with a couple of other pillows it works to some degree ; but finally I actually went out and paid $ 80 for a different shaped wedge at my local ` relax the back ' store . I am sure there is something similar here at amazon ; however , in this case , I thought it paid to support my local bricks and mortar store where I could try it out .
 Upon removing the shrink wrap from this leg rest , it gave off a potent chemical smell . I could actually taste it . I put it into the garage in hopes that the smell would lessen . Six days later , the smell was still awful . Rather than ship a piece of foam back to Amazon , I disposed of it .
 There is no give in this `` foam '' . It 's so uncomfortable , it hurt my legs within a few minutes . I checked to make sure the foam was not wrapped in shell . Do n't know how anyone thought this was a good purchase or useful .
 I 've been dealing with Back issues for 12 yrs now and have gone threw SO many bolsters & wedges trying to find one that is high enough and firm enough . I ca n't seem to find both in ONE item . This was perfect in length but after a wk of having it under your knees it flattens to almost level with your legs . The foam would need to be higher or if the foam was harder it would have been fine . Unfortunately Im stuck with it and am off in search of another . If anyone knows of one please let me know .
 I was looking for something about half as tall and half as long to put under my knees at night . This was WAY too big .
 The leg rest was n't long enough for both legs to rest comfortably . The picture showed to be around 30 inches , the actual measurement was 16 inches , which is not long enough to keep both legs on while sleeping without them slipping off .
 We bought this vacuum hoping to have it for a long while . We had been going through vacuums pretty quck , guess we just have bad luck . I was dissapointed right of the bat . The suction leaves ALOT to be desired . We had it for a little more that a year and it stopped working , it simply would n't turn on anymore . We got a Dyson and will never own any other type of vacuum . It is worth every penny !!! No other vacuum can even come close to a Dyson , so save your money and buy one instead of this piece of junk !
 I had thoroughly researched new vacuums , settled on this one , and came to Amazon for best price . I downloaded the manual just to check which HEPA filter to buy for backup replacement , and was startled to read that the power cord contains LEAD and you are urged to wash hands after handling . For others , this may not be a big deal , but in my household of 3 small ones , it is simply unacceptable . No vacuum is worth the remote possiblity of brain damage and the other risks from lead exposure . I love Amazon , not so sure anymore about Bissell ?
 When I first bought this item , the suction was great but it lasted only one or two months . Then it started to blow dust back on the floor . It was a gift so I did n't have the receipt . I could n't give it back . AVOID !
 Like many of you , I was very happy with this vacuum , until it died on me last month . I 've only had it for about 10 months . It overheats easily , the rubber belt burns and starts to smell , and it stopped sucking . Even before it died , I had to take it apart and unclog the tubes many times . While it was a good vacuum while it lasted , I would definitely recommend spending more money on a vacuum that will last you longer than a year . No more cheap vacuums for me !
 Purchased this vacuum because we needed one with the height adjust for our new carpeting . THis vacuum did a great job for 2 months , then it just quit . Luckily it was under warranty and we contacted Bissell and they sent us a new vacuum . Good customer service . The replacement vacuum was good , but seemed to work a little less each time . Emptying the dirt cup and washing the filters is a real chore . If you dont clean them though the vacuum wont suck up anything . Well , in about a year the replacement vacuum has died . One day while vacuuming I smelled something burning . I checked the vacuum and the brush was not turning . I opened up the compartment that houses the brush and out came this burnt piece of plastic . The belt had also fallen off . I put the belt back in place , snapped the vacuum back together and was able to complete vacuuming . Unfortunately now I can only vacuum 2 rooms at a time before the belt falls off again . Now I am in the process of researching vacuums because I do not want to waste my money again . A vacuum is not something I look to replace every year or two and it seems that most made these days do not last any longer than that . DO not waste money on this bissell . I personally would not buy another bissell either . If one product is poorly made it does not speak well for the rest .
 This vacuum is powerful . It works well on big area floor . But if you want to use those on-board tools on hard-to-reach area or furnitures , it will be very dispointing . This is a big design flaw of this vacuum . There is a floor brush on the bottom of this vacuum . The brush works efficiently to loose the dirts from carpet and let the hose , which locate behind the brush , to suck them up . When you want to use those tools , you have to pull the hose from the bottom and connect it with the tool . However , the floor brush still works ! Now you can imagine what will happen . The powerful high speed brush throws all dirts from floor through the bottom opening and these dirts happily fly over in your room .
 I have had this vacuum for a month now . Last week I had the wand attachment hooked up and I was vacuuming a shelf . It did n't take long , but the motor got hot and the vacuum tipped slightly back burning a hole in my new carpet . The irony is thick . Be wary of the hot motor . Other than that the vacuum works well so far .
 As was mentioned several times , the cleaning power of this machine is awesome -LRB- even with 2 long haired cats -RRB- but it just does n't hold up . The 1st machine I purchased had the roller seize up and the belt burning the 2nd time it was used . Thinking this was just a fluke , I returned it to Walmart and got another one . This time the plastic piece holding the roller brush disintegrated and the belt burning smell occurred after 2 months of use . Buyer beware !
 This was a great vacuum ... for about 4 months . After that , it started making a wheezing sound and now if I do n't clean it after every other use , the hoses get clogged . Judging from some of the other comments , this vacuum has major design flaws . Save your money and purchase another vacuum .
 I have owned the product for one month . While using it one day , I smelled what I believed to be rubber burning -LRB- the belt -RRB- . I took off the bottom piece to check the belt and a large piece of plastic fell out . I replaced the contraption and tried to use the vacuum again , but now the belt will not stay in place , causing more damage . The vacuum worked well for the month I had it , minus the noise and weight . I contacted Bissell and they basically told me `` too bad , so sad . '' Good luck returning it to the place you purchased it .
 I , too , loved this vacuum when I purchaced it . There was nothing it could n't pick up . I have had it for almost nine months now , and it does not pick anything up anymore . I am so sick of going over the same areas again and again and then finally getting on my hands and knees to pick stuff up . I have changed the filters and the belt brush , and nothing works . This vacuum is a rip off . Save your receipt !!!!
 When I forst got this vacuum , it worked well for about a month , but that 's about it . While the vacuum is light and easy to maneuver , the attachment hose suction is terrible . I have to go back over and pick things up by hand after using the attachments . The other problem is when picking up the vacuum to move to a different part of the floor -LRB- from throw rug to throw rug -RRB- , a little pile of dust and dirt is left behind . Why bother with a vacuum when you have to clean up after it?Even though this was n't the most expensive vacuum on the market , it is not worth the money . After 8 months , I switched to a different brand , with great results . Do your research before buying this one !
 I 'm online looking for a new vacuum to replace my Bissell Cleanview which worked well for just one month . I wish I had just spent the money on a Dyson the first time around . This thing STINKS , literally , always has if I run it for more than 5 minutes . It hardly sucks up anything and the attachment hose is even more pathetic . Do n't waste your money , do n't go the cheap route , buy the best the first time and you will get your money 's worth over the next several years !
 I had high expectations for such an expensive pillow , and boy was I let down in a big way . I fitted it with a high thread count pillowcase and was ready to get a peaceful night 's sleep only to discover that once pressure is applied to the pillow -LRB- by the head , arms , or hands -RRB- it gets flat as a pancake . Oh , it springs back when no weight is on it , but what good is that ? Support ? What support ? No support ! This ranks as zero stars for me .
 Weight Watchers WW35D Body Fat Glass Electronic ScaleI bought this scale a year ago , and worked great.but then the batteries died , i replaced them and then the scale has been reading 5 pounds over the actual reading . i do n't know how to fix it , has this happened to anyone else?i was hopping to balance it somehow but there 's no way to do it . and i do n't know how to fix it !
 I do n't think you should spend the $ 40.00 on this scale . It does n't accurately display your weight . I weigh myself one morning and I 'm a certain weight and then the next morning I either gained or lossed 4lbs . The only pro about this scale is its sleek design . . thats what your paying for !!
 This scale is pretty horrible . The scale has instructions to tap the middle of it and wait until it goes to 0.0 before stepping on . I tapped it , waited for 0.0 and then stepped on . When I did I saw 3 blinking 0 's as if it was actually working . Then the scale shows 0.0 as my weight.I tried to contact Conair customer support but I was told that this was an `` electronic item '' and it can break easily during shipping . Big help .
 This scale is NOT accurate . After reading the product reviews I decided against my better judgment to try this . A lot of people said this scale can be way off sometimes , and it really is . Scales with a mechanical readout are probably more accurate . I purchased this scale because it had 0.1 LB increments , so in theory it would be great for tracking daily progress . However because it is so inaccurate the 0.1 LB increments are totally useless . Like any cheap scale , it 's better than nothing . But because this scale is listed at $ 40 it is probably not worth buying . You are better off with a scale with bigger increments but is more accurate . Also , yes it has a big ugly sticker in the middle but it did n't seem to be a huge problem for me . If you are a perfectionist you will probably struggle to take the sticker off like previous reviews . I do n't know if the sticker affects the scale accuracy because I have n't tried to take it off . But I must admit it would definitely look better with the sticker off . If you were interested in this product because of the 0.1 LB increments like I was , I suggest you look elsewhere because this scale will only disappoint you .
 This `` Tap on scale activator '' is annoying ! We 've had to `` tap '' it numerous times for the scale to even come on -LRB- if it ever does -RRB- . Sometimes I give up trying and decide not to weigh myself , which defeats the purpose of me buying this scale to be sure I am keeping up with my weight on a weekly basis . It does n't make any sense and I just want my scale to work when I step on it .
 The title says it all
 I 'm actually looking for a regular old fashioned scale and decided to see if anyone else is having problems with WW scale . I 'm glad I 'm not the only one with PROBLEMS . This was a terrible buy . I can weigh 145 one minute and then weigh 159 the next . I wondered if it was a leveling issue ... I placed it all over my house ... and no . Same results . The best scale to get is one you see in the doctor 's office but who can afford that ? ---------------- Alright , now I am thinking this is some factory issue . I 've now decided to giggle the bottom a bit and try it . Even this morning I weighed 3 pounds more before I took a shower . This thing is annoying . I am going to buy some cheap one from Target and see how that goes -LRB- mechanical , that is -RRB- . I would not recommend this at all . I even stuck two bewildered cats on the scale and it did n't register at all .
 Like many other users I too wanted an accurate scale and the specs for the WW34D seem promising . Wow . . one tenth of a pound . ! When I first tried the scale it did indeed give the same result every time I stepped on and off the scale . Just as advertised.Curious to test it a bit I stepped on the scale , stepped off , waited 15 seconds , weighed again . . same weight . Tried the same at 30 seconds ... same weight . But with 45 seconds -LRB- approximately -RRB- between weighings suddenly the scale gives a totally different result - usually within a half pound , but different every time . . Why ??? Well clearly -LRB- to me -RRB- it does n't re-weigh you if you step on and off ; it just stores the weight in memory for a while.As a second test , I tried stepping on the scale , stepping off , then immediately weighing myself holding a 15 pound weight , then stepping off and reweighing . Sure enough , in this case the intervening 15 pound differential was enough to clear the memory so the second weight was different from the first , even only a few seconds later.My first response was to get quite annoyed , since I 'd expected a super accurate scale , so I called Customer Service and asked to speak to an engineer . When I explained how I was getting different results he told me that even though the readout is in tenths of a pound , the scale actually is only accurate to within two-tenths of a pound . This really means that it can be two-tenths high then two-tenths low and still be within spec . So the scale works as specified , but the advertising is misleading.Thinking about it it did in fact make sense and I decided rather that send it back , just to use it and change my expectations . After it really is a but much to expect that degree of consistency and accuracy from a $ 27 scale ! My current practice is quite simple . I take five distinct readings first thing in the morning , using the 15 pound dumbbell between weighings to reset the scale . Then I drop the high and low and average the remaining three readings . They usually are within a half pound range which is accurate enough for me now . I have done this hundreds of times now and never ever had five readings the same.Since this test is easy to perform I would encourage other users , especially those reviewers who though the scale highly accurate , to try the same and report back.As a last note I 'd add that with sets of five or seven consecutive weighings using my method first thing in the morning , the first weight is almost always the lowest of the set , with subsequent values increasing .
 Perhaps we just got a defective one , but I bought this because it weighs to the .1 pound and had great reviews . This scale is weighing anywhere from 1 pound to 2 pounds too light , compared to the official scale from our Weight Watchers meeting . That 's great if you want to feel better about yourself but we are using it for a wrestler so it is a disaster .
 This scale was a major disappointment . I was excited to order this scale , especially being a Weight Watchers member -- hoping to watch my progress at home.First , the scale weighed me fairly accurately when i stepped on it for the first time -LRB- it was around +0.5 lbs -RRB- . I stepped on a second time and it weighed me +2 lbs . I stepped on a third time , it then read +4 lbs ! And yes , a fourth time showed my weight +8.5 lbs !! All 4 weigh ins were done in the same half hour , with no food or drink to vary my weight.I then asked my husband to step on the scale and weigh himself -- and it sent up a `` error '' screen every single time he attempted to weigh himself . He weighs around 275lb , and has weighed that consistently for a number of years . I was VERY disappointed because this scale was supposed to be able to weigh up to 330lbs -- hence , why i got it!Thankfully , Amazon excepted my return easily ... but it is making me think twice about ordering a weight watchers scale .
 I bought this scale for myself and a family member both the scales are inaccurate . If you weigh yourself then weigh yourself again within seconds/minutes you 'll get a different reading each time . It varies greatly each time by several pounds . I had my weight change as much as 4 pounds in a time spanned of as little as a minute . It even differs as much as 8lbs . when compared to my doctor 's scale . I would not buy this scale .
 I bought two of these pads
 I just do n't get all the positive reviews of this vacuum ! I bought the vacuum about 6 months ago and it 's given me nothing but trouble . Now granted , I am very demanding of my vacuums , in that I 've got two inside dogs , one of which is a shepherd mix that sheds constantly . This vacuum is not up to the task in any way , shape or form , due to its apparently very poor design.The hose on the vacuum gets completely clogged within about two weeks of use , to where I have to run it under high-pressure water to get it cleaned out . I also have to clean the filters pretty much every time I use it . And on top of that , every time I use it , it blows dust and fine particles of hair everywhere ! So much for the `` HEPA '' filter . My 15-year-old cheapie Hoover did a much better job than this vacuum .
 I do n't understand the good reviews for this vacuum . I bought this here on Amazon based on the positive feedback . Man , did I make a mistake . This vacuum was a huge disappointment ! I have two cats , and expect a vacuum to work properly and suck up the hairs around the house . The main part did not work well . I had to use the hose the whole time . Also , cleaning this vacuum is a dusty nightmare . Buyers Beware !!!!
 I have only had this vacuum for two years and it finally died today in a cloud of dust . Over these last two years , it has broken in one way or another at least four times . It sounds like a jet liner going off . The cannister gets clogged with hair and is hard to clean out . It tips over when you try to use the hose . It had wonderful suction for the first two months , but it was downhill from there . This vacuum is poorly made and I would not buy another one !
 This vacuum seemed to work well in the beginning but after awhile , a couple years of use , it seemed to just start falling apart . First the catch broke that keeps it standing , so it will not stand up anymore . Then it was constantly getting plugged with just typical daily vacuuming and emptying out the bucket each time . It 's suction has never been that great either and seems to have problems with things the size of a cheerio . It works fine with dirt/dust but forget larger items like cheerios , and when you have kids that is a must !!
 I bought this vacuum in October 2004 . The price was great -LRB- $ 109 in K-Mart -RRB- and it had all the features I was looking for . When I first got it , I LOVED it . It was quiet and did a great job on my carpet . A good friend of mine was visiting and when I showed it to her , she went out and bought the same model . A couple of months later , she asked me , `` How 's your vacuum working ? '' I said , `` It 's funny that you ask that . It seems to be picking up dirt , but there 's nothing in the cup . I do n't know where the dirt 's going ! '' It turns out she was having the EXACT same problem with hers . She took it to a repairman and he said that the hoses were `` clogged '' and if she took ANOTHER vacuum and basically `` vacuumed her vacuum '' -LRB- ?! -RRB- , she could suck out the clog and it should work fine . Who wants to keep a SECOND vacuum around to unclog the FIRST one ??? She did that , it worked fine for about a week , then started doing the exact same thing again . I have since decided to cut my losses and am in the market for a new vacuum . My old Eureka worked great for years and years , so I think I 'm going to check out their line and see which one has the best reviews .
 I had this scale for about 2 months and threw it away - it would vary as much as 3 pounds from one minute to the next .
 I bought this scale hoping to replace the $ 10 crummy one that I 've struggled with all through my weight-loss because I wanted a more accurate scale and unfortunately this one is just as inaccurate and is a little harder to use . Another very similar model got great reviews , and I feel a little like I was suckered into purchasing this one due to the look.Pros
 this scale is very inaccurate ! weighs one thing then i minute later weighs somehting else ! feet position drastically changes reading ! not a good scale .
 I was unhappy with these scales and returned them . They were not consistent . If I stepped off and on them several times , the weight was often 2 to 3 pounds different . I was careful to make sure that I had my weight on the scales in the same place each time . I tried them for several weeks and the inconsistency continued .
 We received this order on the same day we received the notice of shipment after we had waited several days for it . We were dismayed that the covers were not included . ReStockIt informed us that they had made a mistake in the listing and that lids were not available . I saw lids advertised on Amazon from an outside source , and on further searching of Amazon 's ads found another supplier who sold the pots even cheaper even including buying the lids separately . The pots look nice and are a nice weight but we are returning them because they are useless to us without the lids .
 I 've owned this vacuum for 2 years now , but I did n't get carpeting for my apartment until May of 2006 , so it was n't used heavily until then.The vacuum lost suction in less than a year and I have to clean the rollers every time I vacuum . It also `` regurgitates '' all the dust , creating another mess for me to clean.I 'm shopping around for a high-powered vacuum that 's reasonably priced . Ca n't wait till I get rid of this junk .
 I have had this vacuum over a year now , and I hate it.One of the first things I noticed was that the motor was n't powerful enough to keep the roller spinning over carpet . The roller stops if the carpet level changes any . Within the first month the roller broke and I paid $ 17 to replaced it . It still gets caught on carpet . Not only that but it does n't fully sweep in a track . By that I mean you can see the lines where it misses . You have to go over , and over , and over to get everything up.It 's also very heavy . The tubes are way too short and the hose pops off all the time . The filters get clogged awfully fast and I have to wash them every 5 vacuumings . The suction spits kitty litter out the back . It 's loud and noisy . The cord is too short.The whirlwind action in the receptacle cup does n't work and dirt flies up into the filter clogging it . Just the other day the carpet height level mechanism completely broke off !! I just simply despise this vacuum .
 I 've had this vacuum for one year and had to replace the roller brush 4 times ! The 1st 3 I got free from the company and the last I had to buy for $ 25 . They claim the roller is not covered under the warranty . The roller will seize up and melt after about 3 months , the last one I got has lasted me one month . I will NEVER buy another Bissell product again . There customer service stunk and when I took it to an authorized dealer he told me thats what happens when it picks up hair ... . uh , duh it 's a vacuum , what is it supposed to be picking up ... fairy dust ? Do n't waste your time or money on this hunk of junk ! I just went out and bought a Hoover , I hope I have better luck .
 This vac is great if you want one that will work wonderfully for about a month . The filters clog weekly , we bought an extra set and need to rinse them often . We have cats ... when you try to suck up cat litter or any thing like sand or dirt , this vac spits some of the granules out the back . It 's also crummy on uneven surfaces . Our house has 1853 wide plank floors that are not perfectly flat and this vac misses everything in the depressions . The hose is very short , not long enough to do a normal flight of stairs without having to lug this heavy thing halfway up them . The tools are rather cheap , the brush scratches everything . This vac has so much LESS suction than the 25 year old Kenmore canister we bought the Bissell to replace it 's really surprising . BUT , what did I expect when I bought a $ 89 . vac ? I 'm saving up for another Kenmore .
 This vacuum seemed to be a great deal when I bought it , First thing went was the belt , you can smell it burning . I figured thats OK since it a wear out item . Next the side of the roller started to burn , and smelled up the whole house . I figures I would buy a roller but when I opened the bottom , the roller assembly was also burned , so you could not put another roller in it . I just put it the trash . Did n't bother calling Bissel .
 I would not buy this vacuum if I had to do it again . I had the same problem that other customers reported with the roller getting stuck . Even after checking to make sure there is no hair caught up in it , it still does n't budge . I went over a carpet patch where there was a small but visible ball of dog hair lying loose on top of the carpet and even after going back and forth over it MANY times not a single bit of it was picked up by this vacuum . Plus , each time I use it I spend -LRB- waste -RRB- an absurd amount of time cleaning every filter , the roller and even unscrewing the base to clean it out = hoping it will result in greater suction but the performance has still been declining since the first use . These are the reasons this vacuum is cheap , but if it only lasts for six months before losing all suction I think you 'd get more for your money by saving up for a more expensive vacuum that lasts .
 I concurr with the other reviews . The vaccum lasted less the 8 months . The roller does n't work and when using the hose -LRB- only thing that works -RRB- it emitts a burning smell .
 I purchased 2 sets of these from Amazon to supplement identical sets I already had -LRB- also from Thomson Pottery -RRB- , but the quality of these sets is significantly inferior . The embossed shell pattern is very ill defined and blurry , an there are a lot of flaws . This set is like a very cheap imitation of the original ... but actually cost MORE !
 Do n't get me wrong - I like this set . However , 2 of the mugs arrived broken . I called Bealls and asked them if I should return the entire set , or just the broken mugs . They told me not to return anything , that they would ship me 2 new mugs . 4 weeks later , they still have not arrived . Have to call again . I probably would have rated the product 4 or 5 stars , but customer service and follow up are very important to me .
 I bought this set at a local retailer about two years ago . I am not happy with it . The dishes are somewhat fragile and have sustained a lot of cracks and chips with normal , everyday use . I have n't had this problem with other dish sets that I 've had prior and my kids are grown now so I do n't think it 's a matter of being too rough with them or anything . The design is cute and I love the size of the bowls but even those have sustained cracks and chips.I 'm currently looking for a replacement .
 I have had this scale for two years . While it has worked during it 's lifetime , it has been acting up recently . I would weigh myself within seconds of the previous weighing and the weight would drop 5-10 pounds each time . Maybe this would be a good joke scale , but for realistic readings say goodbye .
 This scale has n't measured the same weight yet . I have tried several times in a row and come up with different numbers up to a 2lb difference . I need a scale that is accurate . I thought at this price I 'd be able to get that . Maybe the placement of my feet is the problem ? I did n't realize that round scales are harder to judge foot placement . On the square ones I put my feet in the same spot each time . The scale does say Im balanced so maybe its not a problem ? I wish I had n't have bought this scale . Im out about 50.00 and I still cant weigh myself .
 My only fault with the scale , but it 's a major one , is that the weight is not consistent . I can weigh myself four times in a row and get 3-4 different weights . Getting the scale leveled once it is stepped upon is difficult , but even if I think I have it , it does n't weigh the same . I may buy another scale in place of this one .
 With just about anything I buy I look for ratings and recommendations as I did before deciding on this particular scale . Something is wrong because I did not get the same wonderful scale you all rave about . Every time I weigh there is a serious issue ranging up to a forty pound variance which is very frustrating . I am not sure what is wrong but I followed the instructions and can not get an accurate weight . I can not recommend that anyone buy this item .
 I bought this scale in hopes of just having an accurate , reliable scale to weigh myself as I started my exercise regime . Initially the scale was fine as I checked my weight at the gym locker room -LRB- using an old fashioned sliding scale -RRB- and my electronic Weight Watchers Scale . Everything was fine and I continued to use my Weight Watchers scale explicitly for my weight readings . At the 1 month mark , I had not lost any weight according to my Weight Watchers scale but at the gym locker room , I weighed 5 pounds lighter than normal . Knowing that weight can fluctuate + / - 4 pounds a day , I assumed it was no big deal . After continual usage of my scale , I started to gain weight while maintaining my exercise program . I soon found out that my scale was indeed adding weight as I had lost nearly 9 pounds according to the sliding scale at the gym.After this I tried two things , I tried to recalibrate the scale and I tried to change out the batteries . Unfortunately , there is no way of calibrating this thing except by taking out the batteries and hoping for a miraculous reset . This did not happen in my case . I replaced the batteries with 2 sets of fresh batteries , neither resulting in a steady or accurate weight . I do not recommend this product for extended and consistent use.Since then I have bought a Omron Body Fat Monitor and Scale for $ 40 , and I could n't be happier . I have been using it for around 90 days and using the guide in the instruction manual to produce the most consistent and stable results , my weight has been VERY accurate . I also have the 1/7/30 / 90 day tracker to see my weight , BMI body fat % , visceral fat % , muscle % , and supposed body age . I am very happy keeping track of my progress as I strive to lose weight . The only complaint is that my body age started 30 years above my age but now has slowly gone down to 20 years above . I feel more healthy and fit but the machine tells me I 'm still an old man -LRB- which I am not -RRB- . All in all , I 'd say if you 're going to spend $ 40 on a scale , get a scale that does n't have a significant and repeatable ratings of 1 star , it 's just not worth the hassle and return.Best of luck and happy exercising .
 I am sorry I ever bought this scale . It is inaccurate by up to 6 pounds ! I can not understand how this can be endorsed by Weight Watchers!I would like to warn everyone never to buy this item .
 I work in a hospital and 6 different scales weight me at 277 lbs . My Weight Watcher 's scale shows me at 270 lbs . Piece of crap . I will return it to Target if I can find my receipt !
 After using my old Thinner scale for over 7 years , my husband bought me this scale for Christmas , so I can have an updated and `` more reliable '' scale to weigh in on.As per the title of my review , this scale is by far the most unreliable , inconsistent scale I 've ever used to weigh myself . Depending on where I place the scale , I will weigh 3-5 lbs heavier or lighter ! Since the shape does not make it easy to store in the corner of the room , I kept mine underneath my dresser . This meant that every time I pulled out the scale to use it , it was on a slightly different part of the wood floor in my bedroom . Yes , even moving it 6 inches to the right or left created that big of a difference in weight.I feel bad that my husband wasted his money by buying this scale , because now after attempting to use it for 4 months , I finally bought a new scale . What the point of weighing yourself if your scale is unreliable ?
 Although an attractive design , I purchased one of these and compared the weight measurement to two other scales in nearby medical facilities . The weights there were within decimal places . The weight measured for me and my wife was about 6 % different or 6 lb per hunderd pounds body weight . When I contacted Conair customer service , I was told to remove the battery for two hours which `` re-sets '' the load cells . Well , it did not work and I called back , I was told that these scales only provide rough estimates of weight . When I spoke to a supervisor she said that this model is 99 % accurate . The unit I received looked good but a carnival weight guesser would get closer than Conair model WW43D ... and it cost like $ 12.00 to ship it back ... and they wanted a 20 % restocking fee . Think hard before you purchase this bathroom scale . Maybe I got a lemon , but the customer service was also bad . Too bad a good organization such as Weight Watchers has their name associated with this useless device .
 I bought this scale because the writer of &#34; The Plan &#34; diet suggested it . This scale does NOT show the accurate weight . I can step off of it and right back on and the weight is never the same . Even after trying several times the weights are all different . I 'll stick with my old Homedics scale , thank you .
 Did I gain or lose ? I do n't know because more often than not I get different readings within seconds of each other . If I move the scale a foot or two in either direction I get even more variation -LRB- and the floor is solid -RRB- . Other reviewers have touted the accuracy of this scale , but I am not sure how they can determine the accuracy unless they are comparing it with a known standard . I can not recommend this scale to anyone .
 No matter what surface I put this scale on , it gives me a different reading every time . I 'm not talking a reasonable difference either - I 'm talking up to a 20 lbs difference . I previously had a WW scale and loved it , but this scale is nothing but frustrating . I gave it 2 stars because I like the look of it , but frankly I barely use it because I can not rely on it to accurately gauge my current weight .
 I was very disappointed in this scale . I was hoping it would match the weight at the Weight Watcher Center where I attend classes . I loved the design and the fact that it had the partial pounds that my old scale does not . However , I never could get this scale to weigh even close to the old one and one time within four hours I had lost 11 pounds . Since that is not possible I was forced to return this scale and stick with my old one .
 I had one of theses scales and really liked it . Whe my first one wore out finally , I got a new one that quit after les than two months . Now Amazon wo n't let me return it . Do n't take the chance on getting a crappy item - buy something else . Two months ! it is n't even dusty yet !
 The scale is inaccurate and hard to initiate . I sometimes have to try a dozen times before it will give me a weight reading . I would not recommend this scale !
 I purchased this scale in between switching residence . So after a month , I started to use it on a daily basis . Not only are the readings inaccurate , but the user programming function does not work . Instead , I get ERR and the scale turns off.It 's quite frustrating . I expected a much better product from WW . I 'm very disappointed and now I may be past the 30 day return policy so I may have to keep this defective item .
 This scale worked for 5 months , then it broke and kept giving me readings that were 20lbs less than I weigh . My weight varied up to 10 lbs every 3 minutes . Conair kindly replaced it after I had to pack it up for shipping . A new version of same scale arrived 3 weeks later . It was broken from the very beginning . I never got a correct weight reading with the new one . Did I mention how many times I replaced the battery on the 1st one thinking the battery had run out?I think I will try another brand this time !
 I was browsing around looking for a new scale when I ran across this one . This is the one that I am actually looking to replace . It is not broken or damaged , just inaccurate . We get on it several times back-to-back and use an average of the different weights we get from the scale or step on it until we get the same reading 2 or 3 times - which may take 6 or 7 times . I do n't mean .2 , .5 , or even .8 difference back to back . I 'm talking 2 - 3 pounds ! If you are trying to lose weight , accuracy is an absolute must!Also , if you are `` weighing in '' under your profile to record your weight , better step off quickly if you want to see the data analysis since your last weigh-in/beginning weight -LRB- note
 i bought two w. watcher scales because the first seemed off . i was right . this one is about 5 lbs too light . it changes depending on surface . big waste of money .
 While this scale looks nice and seems to be very well made , it it very inaccurate . Each time you step on the scale , you get a very different reading . I am not talking a difference in ounces , I am talking pounds . This item has been returned !
 After reading the reviews I settled on this scale . It looked great although it was a bit pricier than my taste , but I thought `` Hey , you get what you pay for '' . At first the scale seemed to work and weighed within the same one pound range no matter where I put it on my bathroom floor . Now in the third week it has readings all over the place -LRB- I only weigh myself once a week , but several times in a row to be sure I get an accurate reading -RRB- . I am very disappointed and frustrated !
 The one thing I learned is to NEVER ever buy an electronic scale again . I 've had 2 of them . The first one I got lasted me a month and this one did n't last me a week before it started giving off sparadic readings with each weigh in . It 's not accurate for any length of time and I found it to be a complete waste of money . Apparently these electronic scales are far more sensitive then anyone admits to and you end up spending anywhere from $ 60 or more for a pretty decoration that serves no purpose . My advise friends , stick to the good old fashioned dial scale . They have n't failed me yet !
 Absolute piece of crap . It 's nice to look at but does n't function well as a scale at all . I tried this scale in numerous places in my home and even got out a level to check the floor . I weighed myself 20 times over a 4 hour period and did not once get the same result . In fact , the results were ridiculous . According to this scale , I weigh 24 lbs one minute and 318 lbs the next minute . Do n't waste your money on this . I 'm sending mine back .
 I got this model couple years back , which I payed just about $ 100 at frys electronics . I liked the look , but feltripped off after I searchd online and compared it to other models who were less expensive and double the features like body fat , etc. . Calibration was off , and insured it by checking my own weight on 2 different scales . I searchedfor a way to re-calibrate it but found nothing . My own fault for buying on impulse .
 This scale worked well for a while but after a few years it died . Now it 's a big piece of junk for the landfill .
 I read the reviews and thought this might be a suitable scale but I could n't get it to work and returned it the next day . The scale came on , the settings worked , but I when I stepped on to weigh it gave me an ERR message . Now the instructions say that only happens if you weigh 380 lbs . Trust me , I 'm no where near that . I spent quite a while trying to get it to work and finally gave up.While I was disappointed , I decided to opt for a more expensive scale that would provide the weight in tenths the way I needed . I replaced this with a Health-o-meter digital scale and it works perfectly .
 I am trying to return this item because you sent me 2 and charged me for 2 . I do not need 2 . What can I do now?Marianne Baldeschwiler
 This scale fails at the two tasks required of a scale . It fails to weigh me accurately and it is so small that my feet do not fit on the entirety of the glass . I can step on the scale three times and each time get a separate reading . In one remarkable case this morning , I stepped on the scale , got one reading , and stepped on once more and got a reading that was eight pounds -- yes , EIGHT pounds -- higher than the first reading . I have never had such joy chucking an object into the dumspter as I experienced disposing of this horrid piece of crap that took $ 50 of my hard-earned money and did nothing of what it was built for . Weight Watchers usually has a fairly good track record , but its partnership with Conair to create scales has led to a line of nothing but lemons ; I highly recommend against their brand in this case !
 I , like several before me , am having a issue getting this scale to read my weight properly . It has thus far been impossible to get the same reading twice and I 've only owned this scale for 20 minutes!It is a waste of money , purchase something else .
 I knew there was a problem with this scale the first time my son weighed himself and it recorded his weight 25 + lbs over his weight . He stepped on the scale 3 times in a row and got 3 different weights each at least 20 lbs more than he weighs . The second day , thinking perhaps the scale was not on a level space , we moved it to another location . The LED 's that are supposed to indicate that it is balanced did not work properly -- kept indicating the person needed to move to one side even when there was no room left on the scale to do so . Giving it one more try , the third day , 4 different members of the family tried several times to weigh themselves . It was impossible to get the same weight twice in a row and there were variations from 1-15 lbs . We returned it on the fourth day . I 'm not sure if I just got a defective product or if this is poorly designed product but I did n't take any chances . I would not recommend this product nor would I buy it again .
 While it DID pick up the pet hair , the front piece kept flipping up and the attachments kept falling off . The on/off switch is too low to get to in an emergency if something gets sucked up that should n't be sucked up . Too heavy also .
 The description for this filter says that it is usable with the Bissell Pet Hair Eraser vacuum . IT IS NOT . It is too small and does not fit in the vacuum correctly . Therefore , it is unusable with the Pet Hair Eraser vacuum . We ordered two filters and even though they were not very expensive , we wasted our money .
 If you are looking for a legit Bissell brand filter , look elsewhere . I assumed that the $ 11 option from Amazon.com would be OEM , but what I received was the same $ 4 junk filter made by `` More Quality Less Money '' . Shame on Amazon for charging almost 3x the price and making people think it was a true Bissell brand filter .
 I 'm torn when I buy stuff like this , because the manufacturer always tells you to buy THEIRS . This one was offered at a much better price , and I gave it a shot . This is not a Bissell product , and when it arrived , it was built so that the filter goes in reversed from the original . I made an inquiry and did not get a reasonable response from the seller . So I cut off two plastic tabs in order to make this filter fit my Bissell machine . I did make it fit , but I end up with a room full of dust when I vacuum now . I 'm usually in favor of aftermarket replacements , but i do n't recommend this product .
 I purchased this item thinking it would be Bissell OEM filter . It was not . It was made by More Quality Less Money . I expected a Bissell OEM filter given the name and price . It needs to say that on the page .
 I decided to buy a replacement HEPA filter when my 3950 Upright became reluctant to pick up dirt and the filter compartment turned very hot . I bought 2 of these HEPA filters from Amazon and the delivery was quick . It fit the filter compartment perfectly but both had the same issues as my old filter . I was very disappointed and doubted that the filter was made by Bissell . Fortunatly Amazon made the return super easy for me . Then I thought of buying the similar style 8 filters made by Filtrete but gave up due to fear of having the same experience . I ended up buying a new vac from Amazon -LRB- Shark lift away Navigator -RRB-
 I have a Bissell Lift-Off . It takes a style 8 filter . These filters say they fit my vaccum , but they do n't . I had to take a metal file to the edges of the plastic in order to cram them into the filter compartment . Apparently the filters are a few millimeters too big . Guess that 's what I get for not choosing the Bissell name brand filter .
 Vacuum cleaner did not last long enough to use the second filter . The filter was fine and exactly as adviertised .
 I bought Corelle thinking it was safe dishware to have in my home.Its lovely , lightweight and cleans easily.I would not recommend this product even if it was free anymore.If it breaks , which I have had more break than drops to the floor that didnt , the product shatters so badly I am shocked.The old selling point of its shatter resistance is not the same as it once had been now . I do not recommend these dishes to anyone , they are just too dangerous , Im going back to regular dishes , any dishes out there Ive had in my lifetime did not explode like these do when dropped .
 Also arrived broken . I am so sorry I was n't aware of the poor quality of the new Corelle products . In the past Corelle offered dinnerware that was sturdy and could withstand daily use . The new materials used to make their dinnerware is flimsy and easily chipped/broken . Do not recommend this product . Also colors are inaccurately shown . The pattern is much lighter than shown in photos .
 Item was as described but took over a week to get here and shipping was very expensive . Took a few days for the company to ship . Will use another vendor next time .
 The listing says it fits model 89Q9 , which is the model I have . A &#34; bissell lift-off multi-cyclonic pet &#34; vacuum . There 's no way in heck these belts fit though . I mean I 've been struggling on the floor with it for darn near 20 minutes . No . Flippin . Way .
 For the short time that it existed , it worked well . I had this teapot all of 2 days before it broke . It is very fragile and not particularly suited for a crowded active kitchen . I think that I 'll go with a ceramic teapot -LRB- something that is a bit sturdier -RRB- .
 The Bonjour teapot worked well for the first few years I owned it . It is attractive and the stainless steel strainer is well designed.However I had a dinner party recently and poured hot water over the tea bags as usual . When I started to lift up the teapot it felt weak at the handle . Then I lifted higher and the pot cracked right where the top handle attaches to the pot . It was great while it lasted .
 So disappointed Waterford Lismore is n't made in Ireland anymore . We were trying to complete a set . Now that 's not possible because there are differences . Can country of origin be listed on the product info ? Would have saved us problems with our gift . .
 I bought this product exactly 6 weeks ago . 6 WEEKS ago ... . I was thrilled with its little red light that told me when my rug was dirty and when it had successfully vacuumed all the dirt up by sporting a small GREEN light ... the first 3 uses I was completely sold ... Then . During room 3 on the 4th use ... it caught fire ... not the room , the BISSELL ... I removed the plug from the wall and watched with amazement as my 4 ... well , nearly 4 use wonder died ... yes , I did try and plug it back in - I 'm a dreamer I admit ... more smoke . I was convinced . . I bet this in not the product line that holds up bowling balls ... Do not , I repeat , DO NOT buy this product !
 embarrased to say , we had removed the filters and were trying to use this without any at all . Our fault . Vaccum has now served us well for a couple years and is great !
 I was so excited to get this vacuum -LRB- did I just write that ? -RRB- and have it work tremendously the first time ! I love the dirt indicator light that turns green when it 's clean . It sucked up everything and did a great job . I went to use it the second time and half way through vacuuming ... POOF ! It stopped spinning , smelled like something was burning , it was very hot . I just ordered another one and hopefully my second try will work . I through out the box so have to wait until the second one arrives to send the first one back .
 I have owned this vacuum for over a year and have had frequent problems with it , within 2 months the plastic release pedal which drops the vacuum from upright to vacuum mode broke , this took about 2 months and 2 different Bissell repair shops to get repaired . I have tried repeatedly to purchase extra filters for the upper tank since it clogs up so quickly and was told today that they are unavailable and to try making my own using foam ! The vacuum is out of commission as long as this filter is drying and if you use heat to dry it faster it will fuse the filtering components and become ineffective , the belt just broke on my vacuum and it is difficult to remove the bottom of the vacuum to replace it once you manage to find one to purchase . This vacuum seems to be out of service and unavailable to me to clean my home at least 50 % of the time ! Really unhappy with this product .
 Well I have had this vaccum for just over a month and it has died on me . I was using it and the brush on the inside stopped spinning -LRB- the clear front allows you to see the brush moving while it is vaccuming , to see the dirt I suppose -RRB- and an awful burning rubber smelled came from it . I checked all over for clogs or something wrapped around the inside but found nothing . Also it is very loud compared to my old vaccum . Until now the noise was my only complaint . I need to get another one and it wo n't be a bissell .
 But it is not okay for a house with 4 kids , 2 dogs , and a cat . The sensor light -LRB- green/red switch -RRB- is hard to get off ... you have to clean this filter , than that filter , than you have to take another vaccum and clean the hoses ... and then the light switch is still not completely green ! Too much hasle ... did I mention that this was after only 2 uses !!! Needless to say , I returned mine to Walmart and am now off to find another vacuum .
 Our first vacuum that we ever purchsed was an Eureka that lasted for 6 years ! We lived in a 2000 square foot house to give you an idea of how much area we were vacuuming . What a vacuum !!! After reading the reviews for this Bissell I decided to give it a shot . Trust me I researched for a week or so before I decided . I got the vacuum within 2 to 3 times vacuuming the belt broke . Called Bissell and got a replacement . After only about 20 - 25 times of vacuuming a 700 square foot apartment the brush melted inside of the vacuum . When this vacuum is in the upright position the brush still spins ; which makes it impossible to use the hose and attachments , because it heats up and then melts . So after all of this we resulted to the DYSON Animal !!! We love it .
 I purchased this based on all the ratings and I hated it from the beginning . It does not get deep into the carpet at all like my Hoover used to . It feels like it is just gliding over the top even on the lowest setting . I have only used it for a couple of months and the red light is stuck on all the time . It picks up very little dirt . I vacuum several times a week because I like a room to be clean with vacuum marks in the carpet and this does n't even make a dent in the carpet . Save your money . I am hoping I can get my money back . If you read Consumer Reports which I did AFTER I purchased this then you will note that it list it as only average on carpet cleaning with poor ratings in emissions and noise . It was actually 30th on the list so read everything before you buy .
 Well when I bought it at the beginning , I was pleased of how light it was , how well it sucked up all the dirt and determined whether the dirt was cleaned up from the carpet . As I got along with cleaning it each time , I put the dust into a trash bag and as I go along cleaning the filters , replacing the HEPA Filter , the more the equipment would get dusty in the cracks of the vacuum . After you clean up all the equipment look how much dust remains on the vacuum itself . Pretty nasty . I have a Bissell in every part of my floor cleaning needs . I have their Carpet cleaner and just a general carpet sweeper that is non-electric . I 'm sorry I can not recommend this kind of vacuum . It is messy and a chore to clean up . I will never go with a bagless anymore . It was the coolest thing at first , but its extremely unhealthy for me to keep dumping toxic dust particle in a trash bag holding my breath . I am putting this in Craigslist if anyone wants it and I am going with Hoover . Its sturdy and it really does the job . You will never see a mess with their products . Yes They are a little heavy , but It will last me a long time.Happy Cleaning !
 It works OK for a while then it turns into a dirt puking monster . Every other use requires major sugery to remove clogs . It 's guts are only a little less complex than the human intestine . A good choice to send to college if your kid 's an engineering student . NOT for people with allegies because you 'll get coated with dust emptying it , unclogging it , and when it clogs it blows dirt everywhere .
 I am 35 with 1 child a husband -LRB- AKA 2nd child -RRB- , and 2 cats . I run the vacume everyday , and in all Fairness to bissell I do not have much patents . However in the short time i have had this i have come to realize i dont need a little light to tell me my carpet is clean . The cord altho it has great leangth always gets tangled in the hose . If you decide to use the hose get ready for a wrestling match because its so hard to pull out and put back , and I cant tell you how many times the hose have fallen off during vacuming due to the fact that the slot thats suposed to hold it up on the vacume is not tight enough and their is no way short of duct tape to tighten it . Being that i run the vacume everyday i have bought one about every year for the past 10 yrs , I was sold on the neat little attachment that has its own spin brush . All said , this is not a user friendly vacume .
 I HAVE HAVE THIS BISSELL FOR ABOUT 3MOS AND IS CLOGS UP AND YOU HAVE TO CLEAN IT OUT ALL THE TIME .
 I researched vacuum cleaners for over two months trying to find a good , no , excellent vacuum cleaner at a decent price . I was willing to spend the money but I did n't want to go right out and buy the most expensive , colorful one I could find.After researching , I found that the best vacuum on the market was Dyson , but I just could not justify the price . So , I made it my mission to find a compareable model with some or all of the same features for a reasonable price.That is when I found the Bissell 3594 . I was so excited ! It had bagless technology , 3 filters and a cool light that tells you when the floor is clean and the greatest of all a spinning attachment turbine head , just like the Dyson.So , I read all of the reviews here and found only a few naysayers and went to buy one this morning . I came home with my new purchase . It was easy to assemble and looked great ! I cleared out my living room and vacuumed the whole area with my old vacuum cleaner -LRB- a Kenmore -RRB- . Then I vacuumed it with my new Bissell and had great results ! The dirty/clean lights worked great and it picked up half a cup full of dirt and pet hair that the Kenmore left behind!So I was done with my living room and time to empty the dirt cup . AAAAGGGHHHH !!!! As soon as I removed the dirt cup , dirt spilled out onto the vacuum and the floor from the filter !! I was so disappointed ! The slightest bump from pulling the cup out dislodged dirt and dust ! Everything was going so great and then this ... Well I took it back apart and packaged it up and returned it . I went to another retailer and shelled out a mortgage payment for a Dyson 14 Animal . When I got home I vacuumed again with the Dyson and guess what ? Yep , the dirt cup was 1 \ 4 full with more dirt and pet hair that the brand new Bissell left behind ! I have been cleaning the rest of the day with my Dyson and although I was not happy to shell out the money for it , I think it is a good investment in the long run.In conclusion , if you can afford it , buy the Dyson , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Do n't waste your time with this if you have a pet . This vacuum worked well ... until we got a dog . Now , it barely picks up anything and leaves stuff all over the floor . The clogs are very difficult to clean since taking this thing apart is not exactly easy .
 I bought this vacumn because I have dogs and I read that it sucks very well and for simpicity of use.It features a zero on this front.Its noisy and the filter blocks up after one use so you have to clean out the whole system and replacing the filters is more expensive than having bagged vacumn . Its heavy and cumbersome and does not last long belt wise . I have to replace the belt every two months or so.All in all not a very low maintenance vacumn . if you just have light vacumning and not dogs that require daily vacumning of the house then its ok . But one could do better i think.I would not purchase one like this again
 When we first got this vacuum , we loved it ! It was powerful , and we could n't believe how much filth was pulled out of the carpet . -LRB- And we were a little ashamed at how long the dirty light stayed red ! -RRB- After a few months , it started looking and smelling gross , but it still worked . The dust that collects on , in , around , and throughout this thing is unbelievable . Sure , it 's nice to see all the crap you get out of the carpet -LRB- the gift of a bagless -RRB- , but you also do n't want to see and smell it even after you 've emptied the canister . But we 'd clean the numerous filters again and again -LRB- to be fair , we did n't replace the stupid hepa air filter on the side , which perhaps would maximize its performace , but really , who wants a vacuum that needs replacement parts every 3 months ??? -RRB- , and it still lost its fervor . We 'd notice that even at its young age , you could really only run it for 1-2 minutes at a time , and then you had to let it breathe for a while.Then , when it was about 5 months old , the main brush just stopped spinning . My husband was able to fix it up -LRB- I do n't know how -RRB- , but it 's never been the same . The belt , while all being in one peice , does n't stay in the correct spot on the brush cylinder . It smells like burning rubber when you run the vacuum for less than a minute -LRB- and remember you 're also still smelling the filth you 've picked up over the last few months . -RRB- Then suddenly one day , it just gave up . It was a gift last Christmas , so perhaps in our culture of buying inexpensive , replaceable appliances , it 's not so bad . It lasted almost one year.A rundown : Good - * It was quite impressive at first . I 'd have given it 5 stars if I thought to rate it then . * It 's pretty cheap . For a young adult who moves often and does n't have a big place , it might be just the thing -- disposable!Annoying , but tolerable - * It stinks like dirt , burning rubber , and burning motor while running . * The power cord is very poorly placed on the right side , so you ca n't really hold it out of your way while sweeping , so you tend to run over it a lot . -LRB- I know , it sounds trivial , but you can never really appreciate a well-placed cord until you try this thing out ! It 's really something to have to work around . -RRB- * The hose -LRB- as at least one other reviewer noted -RRB- really does fall out of the inadequate holder all the time . * The base gets really surprisingly hot while running . I use my foot to shove the vacuum off with each stroke -LRB- you know , pull towards you with arms and back , push forward with arms and a helpful foot nudge -RRB- , and sometimes it 's so hot it hurts . I 'd be nervous to run this at all with a small child around . * The height adjuster is very difficult . It might be because of all the dirt stuck in the buttons and gears.Bad - * Unless we 're completely incompetent , there is no way to remove the base to clean the brush or check the belt without completely and totally taking the vacuum apart . * It works well for a few months at best , and then suffers , and then dies . * I need a new vacuum TODAY , even though mine has n't seen its one-year birthday.Overall , I would * not * recommend this vacuum to anyone unless they truly wanted one for the short-term , and they needed something powerful enough for pet hair , litter , etc. . I plan on switching back to bags . The novelty of seeing all my dirt has worn off , and I 'd like it to be back on the inside of the vacuum , where it belongs .
 I have needed a new vacuume for some time and I did my research and bought this one brand new . It was great for about 7 uses ... then the sensor light -LRB- red dirty green clean -RRB- stopped working , it lost suction and it smelled like it was burning up !!!! I checked the beater bar to make sure nothing was stuck or wound ... nothing was ... I checked the hose for suction , no suction . No matter how appealing it looks ... just buy something with better ratings please !
 Loved this vacuum -- at first !! The first couple weeks were great , then the belt slipped , the whole thing started smoking !! The belt burned through the inside casing and now wo n't stay in place . I 've seen other reviews where this happened , so definitely nopt just my problem . I was very disappointed . Also the spinner brush stopes easily , as soon as you get any hair in it . Would not recommend at all .
 I bought Bissell 3594 especially with all the positive great reviews here . Its actually the worst thing I ever bought . Ever since I bought it always gave me problems . First it di n't suck up . Once that was okay within couple months the belt was gone . It worked well for a while after installing a new belt . But then suddenly one of the filters got clogged , I cleaned up that still it di n't suck up . I called up the Bissell customer service and they did get me through the troubleshoot process but still after getting so many filters out and cleaning up instead of getting the machine running , I actually developed allergies that I never had before as it has 3 different filters to clean up very troublesome thing as the fumes of the dust made me sick.I called the customer service again and now they recommend me to get it checked from the service center , I called up the service center and they said they would charge me at least $ 12 or more for diagnosis and for the service it could be 25 $ or more , if this is the case , I better go out and buy a cheaper and simpler vacuum cleaner that would suck up good enough without having too complicated systems and filters and which I can throw if it does n't work . Rather than throwing away my 120 $ for this vacuum . Do n't waste your money on this vacuum .
 This vacuum worked well at first , but there is something wrong with Bissell 's belt system -LRB- we 've experienced the same problem TWICE -RRB- . After a few uses the belt slips and starts to burn through it 's own housing . Once it 's burned through , it ca n't stay where it 's supposed to and continues to smoke and burn in other places . We 've stunk up our house enough and will not be buying another Bissell vacuum . Your money is better spent elsewhere .
 I bought this vacuum cleaner for my vacation home . I only use this vacuum cleaner once a month but after two years , it started to lose suction . Pet hair and small pieces of paper -LRB- my kids love to cut little pieces of paper -RRB- would clog up the corrugated pipe so I took it apart to clean it all out . Even after the cleaning , the suction is not strong enough to dislodge the pet hair or the paper from the bottom of the pipe into the dust bin . This was not a good vacuum cleaner for people with pets or kids .
 sounds like a great concept , that 's why I bought it . It 's the darn canister that has to be emptied all the time . Then you have to wash out all the parts ... and wait for them to air dry ... . I 'm sure I get more dust in the air with this thing than the old fashioned bags.oh well ... . live and learn .
 I have had this vacuum for approximately 4 months and it has been nothing but trouble . It does have excellent suction however , I spend more time replacing the belt or taking the entire thing apart to dislodge a clog in the tubes that consists of nothing larger than lint and hair . When the tubes get clogged -LRB- which is very often -RRB- the only way you can tell is that instead of sucking the dirt into the canister it blows it all over the room . This is the worst experience with an appliance I have ever had . I will NEVER buy another Bissell .
 EXTREMELY LOUD , does n't suck all the dirt up , quite heavy and has a burning smell every time we use it . I would NOT recommend this product .
 This vacuum is a cheap piece of garbage . I loved it when I first bought it until it broke 1 month after purchasing . Bissell did send me another machine , however this one broke too about 6 months later . So in less than two years time I am on my third machine and guess what - IT 'S BROKEN AGAIN !!!!
 I got about 20 house sweepings out of this thing before it broke down . I also previously got a bissell steam cleaner and I got 2 cleanings out of it before it broke down . Both products did fine while they were still working , but if you plan to live more than 6 months - DO N'T BUY BISSELL .
 I purchased this vacuum back in January and was at first quite impressed with its cleaning abilities . It picks up dirt and hair very well . My carpet looked much improved after vacuuming for the first time with the Bissell . Two to three months after purchase , the brush rolls began to sieze up and stop spinning on a regular basis , causing them to break . I became diligent about cleaning the hairs off of the brush roll after each use , which is very inconvenient but I wanted to make the vacuum last . Even so , the brush rolls continue to break . I have gone through four rolls in a seven month period . I have spent on brush rolls nearly what I spent on the vacuum purchase itself.A woman at the local vacuum store told me that Bissells do n't handle long hair well . I wish I had known ! So , long story short
 I purchases this vacuum cleaner based on the excellent reviews and the very reasonable price . While it 's true that the Bissell 3594 works very well on carpet , it is close to worthless on wood floors and linoleum . It does n't pick up the eastiest-to-suck-up items , like dustballs and fur -LRB- on wood floors -RRB- . It does not pick up cracker crumbs well on wood floors , or on linoleum either . In order to vacuum my uncarpeted floors , I must use the hose attachment , which is tedious . -LRB- In case you 're wondering , yes , I had the setting placed on `` wood floors , '' although I did try other settings to see if the vacuum would be more effective . -RRB- The other negative about this vacuum cleaner is that if the filter gets even the slightest but clogged , the vacuum starts to spew gunk and debris in all directions from the base . This is easily solved by keeping an eye on the filter and making sure the cup gets emptied frequently.The hose is a bit short too , and the machine expels as much heat as a space heater while in use . In order to use the hose , the base of the machine must not be covered -LRB- so do n't place it on a sofa to reach the ceiling cobwebs -RRB- , and vice versa -- if the hose is clogged , the base wo n't work.On the plus side -- the bagless feature is fabulous , easy to use , and the vacuum * does * clean carpet very , very well . But if you have a lot of uncarpeted floor space , like I do , this one is a stinker .
 I have been using this vacuum cleaner for about a year now and I feel it is not a good one -LRB- even though I like the bagless feaure , light in weight and an OK price -RRB- here is why : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The suction is WEAK , many reviewers think the opposite and I believe they were mislead by the effect of the powerful brush ! The brush scrapped materials from the surface of the carpet and gives false impression that lots of dirt is collected . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It picks up dog hair and dust ok , but not even a small object on the floor -LRB- especially bear floor without carpet -RRB- . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The brush keeps rolling at high speed even when the vacuum is in up-right position . I think this is really a poor design . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Very noisy , it is louder than the one I had before -LRB- which was truly a powerful one -RRB- . If you are looking for serious vac , I do not recommend this one .
 I bought this 3594 model because of all the positive reviews it got here and the price . It was replacing my old $ 35 Eureka . We do n't vacuum a lot , it 's just me and my husband . This machine has great suction , true . But after using it for about two weeks , the brush stopped rotating and there was no suction but a lot of smoke ! I called Amazon , and they promptly sent me a new one . Not 2 months passed , and the same exact problem occurred . Not once in 5 years did a belt break on my poor old Eureka.This time I called Amazon , Bissell , and the service center they referred me to . Bissell said they would send me a new belt `` as a one-time courtesy '' . Yeah , like that 's gon na eliminate the same problem in the future . I also went back to read all of the reviews here , and found to my surprise a lot of people who had the same exact problem that I did . In fact , it seemed like this is the single major problem with this product . I also want to point out that when using the hose the brush does not stop rotating -LRB- at least when it worked -RRB- , and thus puts extra pressure on the brush/belt with no need . Also , when changing the height of the carpet from `` High '' to `` Bare floor '' and in between , it did n't affect the height of the unit , i.e. the unit did not go higher or lower like you 'd think it should . I inspected it carefully , and indeed , it was n't attached to anything directly or indirectly . Looked like it 's there for illustrative purposes only . Check it out , it 's true ! Funny and sad at the same time : -RRB- All in all , I do n't want to have to replace the belt every month for the lifetime of this unit , do you ? I am looking into buying another vacuum , maybe another brand .
 I purchased this item in search of a thermal coffee maker that not only keeps the coffee hot , but actually brews coffee at the correct temperature to produce flavorful coffee that is not bitter . The Zo is unable to do so , because the brew temp is barely 180 degrees . A coffee maker must brew above 194 to really hit the sweet spot and produce great coffee . Also as soon as it arrived I ran water through it to test brew temp . Unfortunately it stopped brewing and shut off at the 2 cup mark leaving water left in the water tank . Not a good sign . The body of the unit is really cheap and flimsy and smells of very strong plastic . I am going to try my luck with another brand . On the plus side the water stayed hot in the carafe for hours . So basically your buying a cheap coffee maker with a good carafe . It is a shame they could not produce a machine as perfect as their carafe . So if you could care less about what the coffee tastes like and just want it hot this is the maker for you .
 To create a critical mass in helping folks better understand the trend here
 WHEN WE FILLED THE POT WITH WATER THE FIRST TIME , IT LEAKED ALL OVER THE COUNTER TOP & FLOOR.WE IMMEDIATELY PUT IT BACK IN THE BOX AND RETURNED IOT
 I 've owned a couple of these coffeemakers over a period of several years -LRB- one at home , one at vacation cabin -RRB- and have put up with their many quirks because they make good coffee when they work . They also have a good thermal carafe , and no dreaded hot plate -LRB- a deal breaker for me in a coffee pot -RRB- . The trouble is how often they let you down , and in a big way . Their basic problem is that they are very fussy about the set-up , and when things are not set up just right -LRB- i.e. , the lid screwed on just right , the pot inserted with the spout at dead - center , the filter cone completely unclogged , the pot fully inserted into the machine -RRB- they fail to operate correctly . Now it would n't be so bad if they just just refused to drip . But no , the Zojirushi goes right ahead and drips the water into the grounds and then all over the counter-top and the floor . No doubt user error was involved , but no decent machine should be able to induce user error so easily . And how hard would it be to have it engineered so it simply refused to drip if the pot is n't squared off , rather than to go ahead and drip all over the floor ? Finally , my machine simply refused to drip at all , and I am relieved . I can now go out and buy another automatic coffeemaker with a thermal carafe . And it wo n't be a Zojirushi .
 So ... we have had this coffee pot for 41/2 months and we use it every day . A sufficient amount of time , I think , for it to have proven or disproven itself . We wanted to buy a coffee pot that would last a little longer but we did n't want to spend oodles of money . Between the price and the reviews we purchased this item . We read the negative reviews at the time but tried to keep an open mind . We continued to try to keep an open mind when the pot arrived and it was 10-cup rather than 12-cup misrepresented in the advertisement -LRB- we really wanted 12 -RRB- . And it does brew good coffee ... But the POT ! The pot is the issue . It does not keep the coffee just-brewed hot for more than an hour or so ... after that you begin to drift into the `` pretty warm '' zone which rapidly becomes `` warm '' and the remains `` lukewarm '' for the rest of the day . It does do a good job of keeping coffee lukewarm for hours though , so if that 's what you 're after , this is your pot . But this is n't even the big issue we have with the pot . The thing wo n't pour worth a plug nickel . If you twist the lid just the right amount and get it perfectly centered over your mug , you 'll probably be fine , but invariably there is a stream that angles off to the side in addition to the main stream and dribbles down the side of the mug leaving you with a little puddle to clean up . Or worse , an additional river of coffee somehow makes its way down the front of the pot and as you fill your cup you also pour coffee over the countertop , down the cabinets , and create a little pond on the floor . Would I recommend this coffee pot ? Well , it makes great coffee if you drink it right away and can get it into your cup without making a mess . But I have to say there are pots out there that make great coffee AND keep it hot AND you do n't have a drawer full of coffee-stained dish towels to show for it . No . I would recommend paying just a little more for a Cuisinart or something .
 I was like some of the other people who ordered this coffee maker , I really wanted to like it . I spent a lot of time researching before I bought it , first `` grown up '' coffee maker and all that . So I was very disappointed when then pot overflows every 50th brew cycle or so . I am sure I do n't have something lined up right but it is so frustrating to find that all my nicely brewed coffee has flowed out all over the counter in the morning . I would lap it up but even I do n't stoop to that level of caffine depravity ... okay , well maybe once . I am also surprised , for some unknown reason the coffee brews hot as can be , but after a few minutes in the carafe it has cooled down significantly . There is no heating plate on it and unless you preheat the carafe there is just too much temp change . I would return it to Amazon if I could but my return window has expired so I will keep it and curse it as I drink my tepid coffee 30 minutes after I brew it .
 After reviewing coffee makers with insulated carafes I chose the Zojirushi EC-BD15 because of the many positive reviews ; particularly the ones about the quality of brewed coffee and the coffee staying hot for a long time.I was VERY disappointed when I unwrapped the coffee maker.The plastic is very cheap looking.The whole thing is really lightweight and the `` lid '' for the carafe is a cheap piece of plastic that one just places on top ! The brew basket is so small that a # 4 filter sticks out on top.If this coffee maker would make great coffee and keep it hot for at least 4 hours I would have overlooked all of the above.BUT the coffee is mediocre and the carafe keeps it only WARM not hot for a few hours.BTW I am using the same coffee that I used with my previous coffee maker -LRB- that died -RRB- , a Melitta `` ChocoLatte '' , that I bought years ago at a discount store and that brewed great coffee into an insulated carafe that kept it hot for 8 hours.Unfortunately that machine is no longer available.I am trying to return the Zojirushi and go back to my good old coffee press using the carafe from my old coffee maker to keep it hot .
 so I read reviews , and said lets try it , first unit stopped working after a week , then I got a replacement and it stopped working after two days ! Stopped working means I press the ON button and nothing happens , it just sits there . I can maybe see getting one lemon , but two in a row ... ouch ! so I feel that the quality just is n't there , and at about $ 90 I would expect more . No more Zojirushi products for me .
 Thermal ? Even with the extra little cap provided , the stainless steel pot keeps coffee hot about 2 hours . We had a glass thermal coffee pot before which kept the coffee hot for at least 4 hours . The lid is hard to tighten , has ridges that are very uncomfortable to turn and it 's hard to tell if you have it on tight . When you pour , you can only tip it so far or it spills all over . It looks very stylish on my kitchen counter , but that 's the only thing I like . I wish I had my old coffee pot back , but they do n't make it anymore .
 This coffee maker worked tolerably for 5 months . Now it shuts off several times when trying to brew a single pot of coffee . Dozens of reviews complain of the same problem . Avoid this coffee maker ,
 OK , like most of you I 'm a coffee FREAK ... for over 20 years I 've been looking for the perfect coffee maker . I THOUGHT I found it with this one.For a while it worked just GREAT!Yes , the top of the carafe is hard to open unless you 're Arnold ... but I 'll put up with almost anything for great coffee in the morning.However the one thing that drives me NUTS is that it overflows and makes a mess all over the counter and floor . -LRB- This morning finally pushed me over the edge ... thus ... this review . -RRB- I even returned this unit and got a completely brand new one and it too , after a year began exhibiting the same problem . Somehow , the coffee just does NOT drain properly out of the basket.OK , so I grind my coffee almost to a fine powder ... I like coffee strong ... I want it to talk to me in the morning.I GUESS that if you like your coffee weak then this is the coffee maker for you . For me ... I 've got to keep looking .
 I researched and researched to find a 12 cup thermal drip coffee pot . I settled on a 10 cup and then on this one . I read the reviews and consumers report . I get it , fill it , and have a mess on my counter . Leaked like crazy . I had run one pot through with clean water as directed and then filled it for the next morning when I went to move the pot there was a ton of water on the countertop . the reservior which had been filled to 10 cups now read less than 8 cups in about 10 minutes . The pot was packaged really well and the box was not damaged , I think it was a defect . I will try again . My mistake was not buying from amazon because I found it 10 less elswhere with free shipping.I hope they treat their customers like amazon does . I will re review after I receive second one ... . I was so excited too.Update
 This machine works reasonably well for up to 6 cups of strong coffee but anything beyond that is a disaster . We like strong European style coffee and the filter can not cope with 4 or 5 large scoops and 10 cups of water . It floods the filter and there are grinds and water in the pot and all over the counter top . Also the plastic prong on the top cover broke within the first week and it is a slow pourer.I had to swing the arm back into the water chamber when making 10 cups when it reached about 8 cups as the filter was full to overflowing and wait until it had filtered down enough to resume . Finally it gave up the ghost and so did I. I have now purchased a DTC-975 BKN Coffee maker , here on Amazon , which seems to have good reviews on the whole , and is a 12 cup Thermal so fingers crossed it will do a better job .
 This product sucks ! Do n't buy !!!! Had it for one year and then it quit.I did proper maintenance by cleaning it monthly , but it still brewed at a ridiculously slow rate before crapping out altogether .
 I bought this coffee maker . It broke the first week and I was able to return it for a new one . The second one periodically would just overflow , leaking coffee , grounds all over the counter and floor for no apparent reason . I would return this one , except I have had it for more than thirty days . After a few of these `` episodes '' I simply put the thing in the trash . My experience , but I feel particularly annoyed because I purchased it because of the good reviews on here . I will question high marks in the future .
 Four months after we bought this coffee maker , it leaked out of the bottom when we turned it on , and now it does n't work.Minor quibbles
 My major complaint is the coffee initially does not come out hot enough ; it 's lukewarm . The thermos is the main reason why I purchased this product , so the coffee will remain hot 30 minutes later for my family to enjoy . The temperature of the coffee totally defeats the use of the thermos . I have to nuke each cup of coffee or heat up the milk .
 We 've had this coffee maker for a couple of months now and we 're giving up on it . From the lack of water filter , to the poorly thought-out two-piece top , it has design issues.What finally did it in is it started overflowing . We had not had this issue for the first ... well , up until last week . After a thorough cleaning , it still overflows . We used all the tricks people have listed here , but it overflows both inside in the filter and in the funnel to the coffee pot itself.So it 's done . Hoping to move on to something well designed and actually works .
 Although many like this coffee pot we did not . A # 4 reusable gold filter would n't fit so you have to use paper , the machine feels top heavy and not very well made and the water reservoir does not lift out for filling . We ended up sending this back and went with the Delonghi which we are VERY happy with !
 I was in the market recently for a new coffe maker because my 12-cup Barista from Starbucks was mishandled by a guest and broke . I read reviews on several makers and decided to try this one ! The biggest complaint of mine is that the coffee cools down way too fast ! I got spoiled by the Barista because my coffee would still be warm after several hours post brewing . This one cools down within a couple of hours . It supposed to be the `` Sony '' of Japenese coffee makers but I am not quite sure if that 's a compliment or not -LRB- spy ware on the CDs -RRB- . I am going to donate this to my church 's rummage sale and hopefully someone else can use it.The lid is very , very difficult for me to open-I usually get a paper towel to assist with opening . The top of the carafe does have notches but the lid is so thin it 's hard to get a good grip if you have average sized hands for a woman . Also , it took me giving the lid a good look to see that the attachment for the lid needs to come off , pull off , in order for the coffee to drip into the pot-understand why some reviewers think that it drips all over the counter . The lid does need to be lined up as well.I am not impressed at all and I am very disappointed in the quality of this product ! I order from Amazon all the time and I read the reviews and have never been this disappointed in the product I received.I went to Starbuck 's and bought DeLonghi Thermal for $ 120-a little more than what I paid for this-noticed this model is on sale at Amazon now and understand why . I paid $ 105 with shipping and for just $ 20 more , I am much happier with the quality , ease of use , style etc.The Zojirushi instructions DO NOT go into detail at all about the little things that have to be done-the lid top , for one . The instructions are very vague.The Zojirushi is very tall-not a problem for me because my cabinets are 16 '' above my counter but the DeLonghi is around 1.5 to 2 '' shorter than this one.The Zojirushi is cheap looking and just does n't even look or perform like what I think it should for the price . Maybe if it was offered for around $ 45 to $ 50 it could be considered `` OK '' for the price . Trust me , spend the few more bucks and get the DeLonghi Thermal.Don ' t waste your money ! Buy the DeLonghi or perhaps look at the Cuisinart that Williams-Sonoma has -LRB- the Cuisinart at Williams-Sonoma is different than any other model that the websites and stores carry .
 This is a great coffee maker but full of design flaws . When put the lid on , not even real tight it will be impossible to get off after making coffee . The lid expands and makes removal it almost impossible.The thermal carafe must be directly under the hole or coffee maker or it will spill . The guts of this product are all plastic , and when you get the water extra hot as this product does , you ca n't help but get that plastic taste that you would not get with stainless steel.I would not recommend buying this product .
 I ordered this Zojirushi coffee maker thinking this was a great coffee pot . It is a piece of junk.It is light weight , the water leaked out , the brew button was hard to push down ... and after the second useit quit even coming on or producing coffee ... Do n't buy it ... I did n't keep my box and have written the company but have not got a response from them or amazon .
 Bad design results in more coffee on the counter than in the carafe . What a waste ! Very unhappy with this purchase .
 Good - coffee tastes good - but is that a result of the coffe , grinder or what?Coffee temp is perfect for me . I do n't like nuclear hot coffee cause you ca n't taste the coffee.Update 9/11 -1 -RRB- The caraffe lid has 90 degree angles/square area . When you rinse it under the tap you get a bath unless you slow the water down with your had -LRB- always forget in the AM and go to work with a soaked shirt -RRB- . Dumbest thing I 've ever seen . Irony is you can not put in the dishwasher .2 -RRB- I received a new caraffe lid after the first one became half-full of water and new rubber feet du to one not touching counter . Rubber feet are same and one still does n't touch counter - so it spins . New lid filled withe water in a few days . Only good thing is they shipped quickly .3 -RRB- Not sure wat planet they are on but the # 2 filter is only good for 4 cups . The # 4 is fine except for the minor problem that it is too hig and ges in the way . You have to literally scrunch the paper down so you can put the water spout over the grounds . They sould stick to rice cookers or whatever the he !! they make.Bad - Cheap materials.Too many things to make sure are done perfectly first thing in the morning.Way too expensive for what you get - weighs like 2 pounds . A $ 25 Mr. Coffee is built better.Is made for a left-hander . Should have paid closer attention to the pic.The one rubber foot does not touch counter - must use two hands to put carafe back on cause the whole thing spins . I will see if they can send me another rubber foot.The one rubber foot that touches , is blck . My coounters are brilliant white and the rubber leaves a black skid mar every time I move it.Carafe lid is hard to open/unscrew after coffee is brewed due to expansion . Must use a dish cloth to turn it in order to pour cause it hurts too much . I 'm not old and fairly strong . Should n't be that hard to open . Guess I 'm a whimp.The carafe must be inserted perfectly under basket or it overflows even with just 4 cups of coffee.Doesn ' t turn off immediately after brewing stops - wastes electricity.Keeps it NOT hot for a long time . There is always a path for the steam to esscape . Not like some other theraml craffes that have a ball bearing which blocks the hot air from escaping.Something is always dripping , - basket or caraffe.Caraffe lid somehow got water inside and I ca n't get it out . Makes a strange noise when set at certain angle . I though my analog clock was going belly up.The `` ON '' button is too close to the hour/sec buttons . Very easy to change time . Dumb design . Butons should be larger and separated.Thing is too tall.Would return it but I am too lazy to get a return auth. , buy a box , wrap it up , and drive to post office . Live and learn .
 I do n't know what happy planet the reviewers who gave this piece of junk 4 stars are on , but can you take me there ? 1 . I ordered this around May 15 , started using it Memorial Day weekend . August 10
 I have a Zojirushi bread maker that I bought used . I adore it . It continues to work well despite its age . I expected the same simple quality in this coffee pot.My biggest disappointment with this product is the carafe . I specifically wanted a thermal carafe to keep coffee warm without wasting additional electricity and without scorching the coffee by leaving it on a hot plate . This carafe is not a thermal carafe . The coffee cools quickly after brewing . I complained to the manufacturer , thinking there was a problem . Zojirushi 's response was that I should first fill the carafe with hot water , pour that down the drain , and then brew coffee . Well , then it 's NOT a thermal carafe if it can not keep coffee hot ! This is merely a brushed steel carafe.The coffee that this pot brews is tasty with no noticeable interference from the pot but we have noticed inconsistency . Sometimes using the same amount of coffee and water produces coffee that is noticeably stronger than the last time , requiring the addition of several cups of water . Sometimes it is a weaker.Yes , the water gauge is simple and easy to read . It works better than many similar water gauges on other machines I 've used.I have to fold the filters a lot smaller than I have for cone brewers that I owned in the past . This is because the machine uses rare # 3 cones . The # 4 is too big but you can carefully approximate # 3 by folding.Be careful placing the filter in the cone . If anything is not right , the maker continues to fill the brew basket , resulting in an overflow . A coffee maker of this price should have some fail safe measures.Once in my pre-morning daze , I forgot to place the carafe on the plate . A coffee maker that boasts `` pause and serve '' should stop brewing when the carafe is removed . It does not . You have 30 seconds or the brew function resumes , with the risk that the brew basket will fill up and overflow , flooding your counter top with coffee and grounds.Sometimes you think you 've correctly placed the pot on the plate but when you double check , it 's off center . Again , this mistake can flood your kitchen.Sometimes the carafe lid is inexplicably tight . Perhaps there is enough vacuum suction that it seizes ? Keep trying and it mysteriously loosens enough that you can turn the lid . The lid also gets liquid trapped inside that for some reason does not drip out when left on a dish drainer or in an empty sink . It really grosses me out to think what is in that lid!If you program the coffee pot to make your coffee , try to get up at the same time . Our schedule varies and I must change the time from one day to the next . You have to press the button for each change in minute or hour . Need to get up at 6:45 tomorrow but you 're currently set for 6:15 ? Punch that button 30 times.This coffee pot brews coffee okay but for $ 86 , it is overpriced and you are being ripped off . At this price , no one should be mopping up , drinking cold coffee , etc. . For 50 or 60 dollars less , I could have a brewer that functions just as well as this does , if not better .
 The quality of the coffee * notwithstanding * , the noises produced for a good 10 minutes while brewing a full pot of coffee are incredibly loud ! My bedroom is right next to our kitchen , and the bursts of steam never fail to wake me up when others are using it . No , I 'm not a light sleeper . Yes , it sounds like a cross between a hydraulic lift and a Boeing 747 . Be sure to take this into account when comparing this coffee maker to other products !
 After reading Consumer Reports and the reviews at this web site , I bought a Zojirushi Fresh Brew Thermal Carafe coffee maker from Amazon in February of 2005 . I was somewhat disappointed at first because we felt the coffee should have been hotter when freshly brewed . I was even more disappointed when it stopped working correctly in August of 2005 . I had paid an above average price for what I had hoped would be an above average coffee maker and it will no longer stay on long enough to brew 10 cups of coffee . You must babysit the machine and re-push `` on '' when it stops , after brewing only 2 or 3 cups of coffee . You have to do this several times to get 10 cups of coffee . But my greatest disappointment came when dealing with Zojirushi America . In order to get my 6 month old , above average coffee maker repaired , I have to get a larger box than the original container , -LRB- according to the company the original container is not suitable for shipping -RRB- place the coffee maker inside the original carton , then place the original carton inside the larger box with extra padding and pay for INSURANCE and POSTAGE both TO and FROM the company 's service center in Calif. -LRB- They have very few service centers in the U.S. -RRB- My failure to do so may cause my request for service to be denied . Not very consumer friendly for a problem the customer service representative admitted was one they had experienced before . My advice - Do n't buy the thing .
 I was reasonably happy with this product until it expired in it 's 7th month . Still under warranty , yes , but their terms require you to ship the product to one of just a few 3rd party repair shops . You must also pay them shipping and handling to ship the product back to you after they have obtained parts and hopefully fixed it . $ 30 worth of shipping to fix a $ 50 coffee maker is hardly what I would call a warranty.Yes , it did make very good coffee . But the carafe lid sticking between the closed and pour positions -LRB- you have to twist it -RRB- was truly aggravating .
 i brought this coffee maker last year , and last year i had to send it back because it would not finish brewing . so they made send back the broken one and a couple of weeks later i received it , well the coffee maker is not working again , and its the same thing the dang cofee maker will not finish brewing , its like i have to turn it on 4 times for it to finish brewing . i really think for the price of this maker we should not be having these kind of problems , so i would say to anyone thinking of buying this dont !!! look elsewhere , its not worth it .
 We were very happy with this coffee maker when we first purchased it.Unfortunately , our experience has already been described here . After about 6-8 months of use the coffee maker wo n't brew an entire pot . It constantly switches off . We have to stand by the machine and continue pushing the on button about 10 times to get a full pot.This has become incredibly exasparating and we will be replacing it with a brand that has a more reliable track record .
 WHAT are the people who design this stuff thinking ? I do n't want to put in some cleaner and wait and pour it out , I want to SCRUB my coffee pot.I bought it after reading so many good reviews on it - what are the people who review this stuff thinking ? - took it out of the box , saw the flaw with the carafe , and thanks to Amazon , am immediately sending it back . Oh , and the quality ? Incredible , it is lightweight enough to be made out of papier-mch &eacute; . Is it?So , on goes my quest for a decent coffee maker . One that is apparently glass with a big opening for EASY cleaning , quality no object since they 're mostly all junk today , probably a Mr. Coffee since a higher price does n't guarantee a really good product , one that permits a permanent filter since I do n't DO paper filters , and , MOST OF ALL , one that does n't REQUIRE WATER FILTERS . What a scam , the requirement of water filters.Oh well , welcome to this century . What a world .
 I was so taken in by the design and sleek style of this coffee brewer.What a mistake that was . The store where I purchased this raved and raved on what a quality product this company produced , in terms of bread makers . Well it appears to be a different story with the coffee maker . I paid $ 90.00 for this item on Jan 20 , 2013 , today is Jan 24 , 2013 . Coffee pot program buttons work but that is it . I have cold water sitting in the pot , coffee in the filter and noting . -LRB- DEAD -RRB- , so I called the store where I bought it and they are not as excited on taking it back as the raves I received when buying . I also called the service department at Zojirushi and they were surprised at the issue and said the store should take it back . I can see this is going to be a pain in the ass . Anyway it is up to you , if you want to spend $ 90.00 and hope for the best , and then do so . Me I am going back to Bunn .
 Just received my Zojirushi . I ran the first pot with water to clean out the machine as instructed in the manual and when I went to test the lid to pour it into a cup of water it leaked out of the back of the carafe onto my countertop when I put the carafe in the upright position again . Thinking that I might have done something I wrong I re-poured the water into a cup and it did the same thing again . I think that an inner seal is missing for the lid of the carafe . I am returning through Amazon -LRB- which is really pretty simple and stress-free -RRB- and will await my replacement and will review again . I 'm hoping the machine is as great as everyone says !! UPDATE
 Listen to me , friends . I am from Taiwan ; most -LRB- 99 % -RRB- of the Taiwanese love Japanese brands and products . When talking about cooking , baking or brewing , Tiger and Zojirushi are better choices than Panasonic , Toshiba or other brand.When seeing Zojirushi EC-BD15 , my wife and I were over joyed . It 's Japanese famous brand ! Plus the reviews gave high recommendations to it , how can we get wrong ? So we gladly bought a brand new one from Amazon 2 monthes ago , and when the package arrived , we made our first test brew after clean it ... It was a pain ! Here are some cons :1 . The lid of the carafe is thin ; it 's not easy to be opened or sealed , and its edge could scratch your palm .2 . The inner part of the carafe looks cheap and poor quality -LRB- a super large mark of conjunction seems like a medical school student did his first operation -RRB- ... I guess the reason is because it was made in China . If it was made in Japan , trust me , you will very hardly notice the the conjunction .3 . I can tolerate above 2 points . However , the worst part is the temperature ! One of the review said that whether you use a ice cold water or a regular temperature water , you were going to get 185 degree coffe . It is NOT true , at least my made-in-China Zojirushi does n't . I did n't measure the temperature ; however , if you pour the coffee into the cup and leave it for just 2 minutes , you can drink it all within 2 seconds . That means , it becomes warm , not hot at all . If it really is 185 degree , you can leave it in a room temperature for 5 minutes and still can burn your lips . -LRB- My new Cuisinart DTC-975 is the winner ! Almost the same price , but it is just better . -RRB- After trying the coffe maker for 2 weeks , we returned it to Amazon -LRB- and they deducted about $ 9 for shipping ... -RRB- with great disappointment . If you are satisfied with a quality of $ 40 Mr. Cofe w / stainless carafe from Walmart , you will be ok to keep this zojirushi . However , if you want a real good coffee to start your day right during breakfast , do n't use this machine , unless it 's made in Japan.Trust me , read some of the 3 or 2 stars reviews for references . I think some people are paid to give over-praised reviews ... that 's my opinion . I have been drinking coffee more than 20 years , I know what is good coffee .
 I scoured over the reviews on Amazon for the right coffee maker to replace the shoddy one that I had from college . The Zojirushi fit pefectly . There is an abundance of positive feedback from other customers . After receiving mine , I agreed with most of the positive feedback . It 's easy to use , cleans up easily , and makes a hot cup of coffee . I particularly was pleased with the Thermal Carafe , which was a feature I was looking for while shopping.My problems arose from the coffee itself . After trying different beans and varied amounts , I could not make a strong cup of coffee . In fact , my wife and I agreed that the coffee had very little flavor at all . We decided to return this item because of the flavor.For US$ 90 I should get not just a great functioning coffee maker , but also a great tasting cup of coffee as well .
 This coffee maker was highly rated when I bought it . God knows why . I has a red ball that indicates the amount of water you have added . It is almost invisible because there is minimal contrast to the black background . The coffee basket is n't sized properly . I need to make several folds into a # 4 coffee filter to get it to fit . The Mr. Coffee style filters do n't fit either . The thermal carafe really does n't keep the coffee warm for very long . The screw top on the carafe is very difficult to remove and gets stuck easily . There is always water or coffee on the stand underneath the carafe so when you set it down on any surface , be prepared to wipe up after you 've set it down . I believe these are made and apparently designed in China . They do n't know anything about coffee makers . I 've heard that Cuisinart makes a good coffee maker . I 'm going to buy one of those . I 've owned a few Krups brand and they 're very good , too .
 I loved this coffee maker so much , I bought it twice.The first one worked for several years , and it was great
 The Carafe on this unit is a big disappointment . The vacuum seal on the carafe has failed . Both water and air are seeping into the internal walls of the unit . This is preventing the carafe from functioning properly and maintaining coffee at a hot temperature for any long length of time.I called the customer service department at Zojirushi to report this issue . Boy , was that a big waste of time!I would strongly recommend getting a different product due to the fact that a replacement carafe will set up back about $ 38.00 . Not worth it !!! BTW ... the carafe lasted less than 11/2 years .
 This coffee pot was great when it worked but it quit working after a couple of months . It 's sitting in the box in my garage . I would buy something other than this product .
 We 've been using the Zoji for about three weeks now and have no complaints at all . We bought it to replace a DeLongi we 've had since 2006 . It no longer made good coffee and took about 30 minutes to complete the brewing cycle . The Zoji brews a great cup of coffee and quickly ! The lid being difficult to remove is not a problem , just do n't close it too tightly . The thermal carafe does keep the coffee hot for 3 or more hours . I read several reviews about this product prior to making the purchase , most were good . Thus far , I have not had any of the problems others have reportedly had . So far so good.Zojirushi EC-BD15 Fresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee MakerToday 3/2/10 the coffee maker stopped working . We purchased it in late October of 2009 . A coffee maker should last longer than than 5 months ! Would not come on no matter how many times I pushed the on button or what I did . It was great while it lasted but at the price of nearly $ 100.00 I would NOT RECOMMEND purchasing this coffee maker.Because it has been mover 30 days since the purchase of the pot Amazon told me to call the Zojirushi Corp.and if they would authorize it Amazon would issue a refund . I did that and all they are willing to do is send it in for repair in another state . She stated , no refund or credit will be given . Yesterday we purchased a Cuisinart , at a local merchant , not through Amazon . No more Zojirushi products for us ! In view of all of the negative feedback posted on Amazon about this product , Amazon should discontinue offering it for sale -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- .
 This coffee maker was a big disappointment from the get-go . The carafe is so thin that it holds the heat for about 3 minutes tops . There is no heating plate so one must rely on the carafe to keep the coffee warm which it does n't . For the price paid this product is really a rip off and the manufacturer should be ashamed . I used this machine for two days before my wife went down to Sears and bought a Mr. Coffee for half the price . It has a glass carafe but we just poor coffee into the old carafe from our old coffee maker which we wore out . I highly recommend this coffee maker be purchased for use as an ornamental display object only . It looks good but the practical functionality ends there .
 I purchased this coffee pot after extensive research and reading hundreds of customer reviews . My big gripe with previous coffee makers is that the coffee was never hot or was brewed so quickly that there was no flavor.This coffee maker definitely makes good , hot coffee . There is only one problem and it is significant . If we make more than 7 cups -LRB- it is a 10-cup pot -RRB- it overflows during the brewing process filling the coffee with grinds and flooding our countertop . Even with 7 cups this has been a problem . I 'm using store ground coffee and not espresso grind so am very suprised to be encountering this.I would NOT recommend this for anyone who wants to turn on the coffee pot and walk away . We have to babysit it every morning and have issues at least twice each week .
 From what I have read , one of the most important things about a coffee maker is that the water temperature should be 190-210 degrees in order to brew the best coffee . When I first received this one , the temp was around 140 and it made much worst tasting coffee than my $ 25 Mr Coffee . I sent it back to the manufacturer who tested it and found that the temperature was too low and the carafe `` no good '' as the return slip said . They replaced it , but the coffee still tastes much worse than my old Mr Coffee and it cost 3 times as much.Waste of money .
 I bought this on Jan. 30 , 2010 on the strength of the positive reviews . For the money I paid , I could have bought 2 `` Mr. Coffee '' coffeemakers!This unit never got the water as hot as I wanted , i.e. hotter than your run-of-the-mill and cheaper appliance . The water temperature never improved despite my diligent adherence to the instructions in the user 's manual . I lived with it and would have tolerated it longer but it died on me on its 14th month of minimal usage -LRB- I brew coffee at home just once or twice a week , usually weekends -RRB- . For something that 's just ` good enough ' , $ 80-some dollars is too much to pay ! Hence , the 2 stars .
 I chose this model because of the great reviews on Amazon . The clincher was that it made good tasting coffee and that comment was not seen on reviews of other makers . Unfortunately i ca n't comment on how good the coffee tastes . I brewed the first time with only water . I thought I had a universal gold coffee filter , but not universal to Zoji . Now that it has brewed and because I wanted to test it , I let it sit for a few hours . I can not for the life of me get the thing opened . So back in its box it goes , water and all , back to Amazon . They better nor charge me for the weight of the water since I ca n't get it out .
 I was very disappointed with the Fresh Brew . The first time I ran water through the unit , to flush it as recommended , the water leaked and permeated the electronics . The end . I sent the unit back and purchased a Krups Thermal Carafe which is a much more solidly constructed machine than the Zojirushi , and has lots of great features .
 It does it often enough that we can not use the automatic settings , and have to stand over it to make sure that it 's flowing into the carafe , repeatedly checking water level , and trying to figure out if it 's actually going into the carafe . This is an absolute PAIN , and we might as well be making coffee the old fashioned way , pouring hot water into a cone manually -LRB- which by the way , makes absolutely better coffee -RRB- . We tried different coffee grounds , making sure everything is absolutely clean and it still does it ! I want to love the coffee maker as so many other people do , but there are just too many problems ... the coffee tastes great ... when it 's not running all over the counter .
 I was determined that this was the coffee maker that I had to have . I read alot of reviews and researched . I was very excited to finally get my Zoji . I was so disappointed when I found out that more than 50 % of the times I used it , the coffee ended up all over my counter top instead of in the carafe . This is a very `` picky '' machine . The instructions say to use a # 4 filter , but it really required a # 3 which are nowhere to be found . If you use the # 4 you have to fold it just so and sometimes it will still cause it to overflow . Not to mention that the holes need to be lined up perfectly or this will also cause it to overflow . I felt that it was way to much work and worry . It is disappointing to wake up in the morning to the smell of yummy coffe but to find it all over your counter instead of in the carafe . Very disappointed in this machine . I took mine back and got the Cuisineart Grind and Brew . I LOVE IT !! There is nothing like fresh ground coffee ... and guess what ... it actually brews it right in the carafe instead of all over my countertops .
 I 'm new to reviewing ... I bought this coffee maker to replace a Bodum Santos electric vacuum pot ... and I had high hopes.My out-of-the-box reaction was , quite simply
 Apparently the rate at which the water heats and pours over the coffee grounds is faster than the water can drain through the coffee grounds . Regardless of the ground consistency I use there is always overflow . A huge mess.This is the only product I have purchased from Amazon.com that I was not 100 % satisfied .
 I 've tried to like this coffee maker , but after a year of ownership and daily use , just not working for me . Husband likes it just fine -LRB- it 's got a cute elephant logo -RRB- , and yes , it 's just fine . We got it to replace our Braun only because we wanted the black and stainless look . Not a lot out there if you want a stainless steel , thermal , programmable one . Nothing beats the Braun coffeemakers . Really , really too bad they do n't make them anymore -LRB- for the U.S. -RRB- . Anyway , here 's what I do n't like
 It 's hard to rate this on its own merits . I had a cuisinart for three years and keep comparing this coffee maker to that one.The Zojirushi 's thermal carafe is smaller than I would have liked and its very cumbersome to open - maybe once its broken in a little more it will be easier . There is this weird little `` cap '' that I assume goes in the top to help keep the coffee warm - it does n't work very well because the coffee was n't as hot as my Cuisinart -LRB- that stayed scalding hot almost all day -RRB- . I 'm not crazy about having another `` thing '' to wash and store and otherwise keep track of . It did n't come with a manual ... warranty info ... just the coffee maker . And the box was torn open inside the Amazom shipping box . Not just a little tear - the whole side was torn from the top to the bottom -LRB- did n't anybody notice when they packed it ? -RRB- . It does look nice and is apparently easy to program and use - I did it without the benefit of an instruction manual . Will buy another Cuisinart .
 I bought this and it worked for about eight weeks and then broke . It is under warranty , but the shipping costs to send it to an authorized service dealer is not covered . The coffee maker itself is unbalanced once you fill it with water and seems like it will tip over very easily . The lid is very difficult to screw on and off . Overall , this is a very poor quality product and not worth the money .
 I read hundreds of reviews before deciding on this coffee maker . It seems that nobody cares about making a quality product anymore.The first issue was that it was not delivered on the date promised , even though I paid for expedited delivery.When I did receive it , it was packed very well and appeared in good condition . I love the look and size of this maker . Tall and sleek , it takes up much less room than my last.It worked great for THREE DAYS!After reading all the great reviews of this product , I am very frustrated . I have just repacked and shipped back to Amazon and will not be replacing with the same product or through Amazon . I feel like I have wasted a lot of time and still do n't have a coffee maker.I did give two stars because of the look of the product and that it worked well when it worked . Maybe I just got a lemon ?
 I bought this coffee maker after my Cuisinart finally bit the dust because I thought it might be good to try something new ... Boy was a wrong ! 1 -RRB- The brewed coffee if NOT nearly hot enough when it hits the carafe . 2 -RRB- The top is AWFUL ! Chews your hands as you both screw it on & unscrew it . 3 -RRB- There is a very annoying second top that you put on top of the first top to keep the coffee hot - too easy to put on when brewing causing a HUGE mess & pretty easy to lose . 4 -RRB- The auto-program start needs to be turned reset to the ON position EVERY NIGHT - too easy to forget !! My Cuisinart was in the `` on '' position until I turned it off so I never forgot it ! -- I am either returning this one -LRB- if possible -RRB- or shelving it as a backup & buying another Cuisinart !!
 This is the worst Thermal Carafe Coffe I ever had in my life , and have had many brands . She is beautiful and can be programmed for coffee to be done on time . There ends the good points . The thermal carafe does not keep the temperature for a long time and worst of all is the bottle cover . To open it when the coffee is ready , you must be Hercules . The cover is fine with bosses , who hurt his hand while doing to try to force it open . When making coffee , the vacuum is created even more difficult to open . If you want a good Thermal Carafe Coffe , look for a Rowenta . Note 1000 !
 Made one mug of coffee , which was fine and the next time I used it water leaked profusely from the measuring gauge . Thus I can not recommend this machine .
 I bought this coffee maker 8 months ago after reading the reviews . Well , it did n't live up to the hype . The base of the carafe just fell off . I can get it to stay on while it 's brewing but it just falls off again . Also , I do n't like the way you have to twist the top to pour the coffee . Sometimes it gets stuck and I have a hard time opening it . Not worth the money !
 I got a thermal caraf because I wanted my coffee to stay hot . Cuisinart , it stayed warm when I put it in the fridge , until the next morning ! So 6 hours later the coffee was hot enough to add milk . This one-NOT . The end - I want my coffee hot . My mistake for trying something new ...
 This coffe maker was bought to replace a 15 yr old Mr. Coffee . From the first cup I could tell this machine was inferior . The extra cover designed to keep the coffee warm in the carafe broke the first time I used it . After about 3 months the bottom started falling off of the carafe . The biggest disappointment is the bitter flavor of the coffee . I have n't had a good cup from this machine and am going to replace it after using it for only 5 months .
 If you like to fuss around making coffee , then this is the maker for you . Step # 1 is to cut 1/2 '' off the # 4 cone filter . Then after the coffee is made , you need to put the little cap on top of the carafe , if you have n't lost it or you cat thought it was his toy . Make the thing so it will take the # 4 filter and out a place on it to store the cap and maybe it would be useful .
 I sent this back before i pluged it in . who cares if it makes good coffee if the is no bucket to fill up water at the sink . You have to put the machine unter the tap or have a spare bucket . The coffee cone is under a fixed water return making it reaaly hard to fill , empty and clean . And no stainless steel cone , and it is not a standard size cone so you hunt down filters or cut them . This is much to incovienent to use every day . Clearly the designer never used this .
 I thought I was going to love this product but did n't . You ca n't just brew and pour . The design was great but once I read the instructions I discovered that it was n't worth the effort because I was using this to replace a much cheaper and easier to use product . I did return it and found a different one at the store .
 I bought this coffee maker for the office . It worked well and the coffee actually tasted really good . About one month into using it , the machine croaked . It would turn on , but did not want to brew anything . After taking it apart , we found that the heating coil had stopped working . It is n't worth sending it back to the manufacturer as you are responsible to pay shipping and handling both ways!We should have read the reviews before purchasing .
 I bought this coffee maker about three weeks ago . It brewed a good cup of coffee and the coffee stayed warm in the carafe for a long time . However , I returned the coffee maker because the carafe lid was just too hard to open and close . Opening and closing the carafe was like struggling with a difficult jar lid . There were two other design flaws that annoyed me as well , but were not necesserily `` deal breakers '' . -LRB- 1 -RRB- There is an arm on the coffee maker that must be moved into position before brewing . This arm extends over the coffee basket . Because the # 4 filters are slightly larger than the coffee basket it requires a little extra effort to move the arm into place and keep the filter positioned properly . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The controls were inconviently placed on the side of the machine
 There are a lot of things I like about this coffee maker . It looks good , it brews coffee really fast , it 's easy to clean . Unfortunately the thing I do n't like about it is that it makes weak coffee , which is a show stopper for me and my wife.I have tried things like using two filters , using more coffee than normal , pouring the coffee through the grounds a second time . I have to say that the results really are n't worth the effort.I have never had this sort of problem with a coffee maker before , and honestly I did n't think that it would be possible to not get a strong cup of coffee out of one . I bought this coffee maker mainly on the reviews I read about it , but I ca n't recommend it at all . There have to be better machines out there , especially for 80 bucks .
 I got this to replace my second -LRB- or maybe third -RRB- Cuisinart Brew and Serve Thermal , which conked out way too soon after purchase -LRB- 6 months -RRB- . After much research , I settled on the Zojirushi . What a mistake . It suffers greatly in comparasion to the Cuisinart . First , the coffee brews at a somewhat lower temperature than the Cuisinart . After three weeks of trying , I could not get a good proportion of water to coffee , and my coffee always tasted terrible . -LRB- I use an excellent brand of coffee imported from Vienna , so it is easy to tell . -RRB- The Zojirushi has an irritating thermal carafe lid that must be covered with a second cap in order for it to hold its heat . Of course , in my household , we never remember to do the second capping , and our coffee cools too quickly in the carafe . Even when capped properly , the coffee cools much more quickly than the Cuisinart . And if you entertain as much as I do , you will miss the extra 2 cups of coffee -LRB- Cuisinart has 12 cups , will most others have 10 cups . -RRB- I was so unhappy with the Zojirushi that I bought another Cuisinart , which allowed me to compare the two machines side-by-side . All of my observations were confirmed . So , I am keeping my replacement Cuisinart -- only I will be sure to save the box and register it so if it conks out again , I will have some recourse . The Zojirushi goes in the garage sale .
 I was very disappointed with this . The top is very difficult to open , it is VERY loud when brewing , and there are too many steps in preparing to brew compared to my old coffee maker -LRB- the Starbucks model which was recalled -RRB- . I actually liked the Starbucks model MUCH better . Also , the gold filter basket recommended to purchace with this item does not fit ! I returned both items .
 OK so it 's been a few weeks . We go through far too many coffee pots here . I was willing to spend up to $ 400 but when I researched pots in that price range the warranties were only 1 year ... just like all the ones under $ 100 . So I went with the reviews on this one and bought it . Ugh . Wish I had n't . So I went with this ... liked how it `` looked '' . - We wanted HOT coffee . - We wanted a thermos that would keep the coffee hot -- not lukewarm . - We wanted a unit that would be easy to operate.Here are the problems : The stupid little filter basket has a handle on it ... so I use the handle to pull the plastic basket out . When I dumped the coffee grounds and the filter ... the handle gets in the way and the cone and coffee grounds land everywhere ! After several times I removed the handle but now there 's nothing to grab onto to get the basket out ! Now I just take the cone itself and leave the basket.The coffee is not that HOT . I repeat , it 's NOT that hot . If you drink your coffee black , you might be okay . But if you want to add cream you have to get it hotter in the microwave first !!! The thermos does n't keep it lukewarm hot for as long as some of the reviewers have stated . 1 hour maybe.But here 's what I hate most about this unit ... the cap unit . Who invented this thing ?! OMgosh . It is the most cumbersome thing I have ever come across . It 's painful to try to get coffee out . The cap has nothing to grab onto ... there 's some notches on the top of the cap , but considering a human has to grab the sides to twist open makes the notches on top USELESS.Then there 's the 2nd cap that has to be put in to plug the thermos up -LRB- so hot air does n't escape -RRB- . You best not forget to remove it when you brew another pot or you will have COFFEE all OVEr the counter top !! Important negative aspect is the overall cost when you add in the fact that it takes # 4 cone filters . Cone filters are sooo much more expensive . But here 's the other problem ... the coffee grounds often splatter above the top edge of the filter ... gets into the cap , plugs it up and coffee gets all over the counter . This is true every time if you try to use # 2 filters -LRB- shorter -RRB- and sometimes with the # 4 . These filters are so expensive compared to basket type.The unit is difficult to move around on the counter ... note the picture forces the handle to be on the left . . which is great if you are left handed . I am not I am right handed . It 's just awkward and cumbersome . Ok I am nit picking here but that 's just because I am so ticked that I bought this thing for the more meaningful reason -- and still the coffee is NOT that that hot .
 Alright , first let me say I read all the reviews on here about the carafe issues and thought `` thes folks must not have double digit IQ 's '' I mean really how bad could it be . There were tons of great reviews . So I spent my 100 bucks and as usual Amazon shipped it out perfectly and fast . Well ... after using the coffee maker for 2 weeks and having cleaned the counters , cabinets and floors 5 times , the coffee maker sits in the basement as a back up . Here 's the issue . Major Issues
 I received this unit as a christmas gift , and unfortunately it was broken out of the box
 Unless you like cold coffee do not buy ! There is absolutely NO insulation in this carafe and coffee will immediately be cold . Hopefully I can return this expensive POS
 Well , what can I say that has n't already been said pro and con.I will say first of all , do n't buy this coffee maker , it 's way to expensive for the pros that you 'll get.Does it make a drinkable cup of coffee , yes it does , but not to be compared to a press pot.The coffee does not stay hot near as long as they claim , maybe 20 minutes.The coffee does not taste the same after 20 minutes like they claim.I would not pay $ 75 to $ 100 dollars for this maker , maybe $ 30 . Buy a Mr Coffee maker , it 's just as good.Want the best cup of coffee , get a press pot , the only draw back is that you ca n't keep it fresh very long , and you ca n't make a lot of it at once.If it 's just you and your significant other , get a 12 cup Bodum Press Pot , boil your water and get quality coffee beans and enjoy.Save your money on this maker , it 's way over rated .
 I purchased this after doing some research and reading reviews . After I used this unit twice I returned it for a refund . The water was lukewarm at best and the sprayer did n't even get all of the grinds wet . I have now ordered a different brand with hopes of more success .
 The first pot seemed ok at first , but the coffee cooled down quickly . I realized that I had not tightened the lid properly , so that was my fault . Same deal with the second brewing , though I was careful to tighten the cover and put the extra lid on right away . -LRB- Sort of annoying that the lid has two parts . -RRB- I used my instant-read thermometer to check the coffee temp as soon as brewing was done ; sure enough , only 140 degrees -LRB- when optimal is 175 -RRB- . The thermos kept it at 140 for an hour . By the second hour the temp dropped to 135 , and I had to heat my cup in the micro . The water does not get hot enough to brew the coffee well , so it tastes weak . One reviewer said that the coffee basket also heats up ; as far as I can tell , that is not the case . This coffee is no better than what comes out of my old Cuisinart with the glass carafe ; at least the hot plate gets it to a decent temp , even if brewing is n't optimal.The only thing I like about this machine is that the fill window has a red ball that clearly shows you the water level . For $ 90 you 'd think there would be a lot more to like about it . I 'm returning it .
 Got this coffee maker in Jan of 2011 . In July of that year it stopped working , sent it in for repair -LRB- which took a month -RRB- . As of Aug 2012 it failed again . Unit is out of 1 year warranty so I 'm sunk . Ca n't say I 've been real happy with the coffee maker.Pros - Makes a good cup of joe , plenty hot and the jets spray the grounds in a good pattern . Carafe is excellent at holding heat.Cons - 1.5 years old , already repaired once and it 's given up the ghost . Coffee maker before this one worked 7 years before the carafe cracked . Also , the # 4 filters that this uses do n't fit perfectly in the brew area , never seemed to matter but a minor annoyance .
 Bought this June 2010 ... . stopped working , when turned on nothing happens ... waste of money for less than a year of use ...
 I want to love this product because the carafe does a great job of keeping the coffee hot for a long time without cooking down the coffee on a burner . The issue however is that the mechanism that is supposed to allow the brewing coffee to flow down into the top of the pot is sketchy at best . I can position the pot perfectly and fuss with it to no end , and still watch the coffee run down the side of the carafe . Even the `` emergency '' slits in the lid that are supposed to funnel the overflow down into the carafe ca n't keep up . It 's very unpredictable . I can go days without a problem , and then suddenly I 'll have a string of floods on the counter and floor . My wife is ready to throw this unit out the window . It 's a shame . + + + + + + + + + Update . I 've discovered the issue stemmed from coffee grinds that were sneaking out of the gold filter I was using where a tiny seam had opened up . It would seem that this unit is extremely sensitive to * any * solid flecks of grind getting into the drip mechanism . I 've ditched the gold filter and switched to a paper filter while I wait for a new gold filter to arrive -- and since that time I have not had any issues with overflowing . So in all fairness , I would have given more than two stars had I figured out the cause of the problem . I will still label this a fussy coffee maker , however .
 This unit was high on a consumer ratings website . I loved the idea of brewing directly into a thermal carafe . Brew temperature was excellent . Carafe kept coffee hot for 6 to 8 hours . Then one day 18 months later , it did not brew anymore . I tried everything . Lights and digital clock all work . I can program to come on or start it manually to no avail . At the appointed time , the ON light signals brewing , but it never heats the water and never starts to brew coffee . I am starting to lose confidence in the consumer ratings company also . Switched brands of coffeemakers . We will see how long the Hamilton Beach Brew and Dispense coffeemaker lasts .
 The carafe of this coffee pot leaks very badly between the inner pot and the outer pot , thus the insulating space between the 2 layers fills up with water , coffee , etc , and continues to leak relentlessly , forming and unsafe and unsanitary condition . When calling the manufacturer for instructions under the warranty , person on phone was helpful with the process , but clearly did not beleive there was any problem at all , she kept saying how `` strange '' such a leak is . Will see how effective the warranty is . Pot was purchased February , 2011 , this is June ,2011 , the product failed very quickly for the money .
 Bought it on December 29 . Stopped working on June 24 . Several dumps of coffee and grounds on the kitchen counter and floor . Piece of Junk
 this coffee maker made an outstanding cup of coffee and kept it hot for a long time -LRB- hours -RRB- . Too bad it died after eight weeks . Just stopped brewing .
 this coffee maker is very tricky to use . if you do not have the carafe in the correct position there will be coffee everywhere
 The electronics in this coffee maker failed completely shortly after the warranty expired . We were very happy with the coffee it produced until it stopped working .
 I have had this coffee pot for 3 months and it quit working completely . I would never buy this brand again and am discouraging other Amazon shoppers to beware . It is a waste of money .
 Very disappointed when thus coffee maker arrived ! The plastic construction was flimsy and it wobbled when I placed it on the counter . I ca n't believe someone would actually charge $ 90.00 for this !! Returned it the same day !
 There HAS to be a design flaw with this machine . I mean , how complicated can a coffee maker be ? My first pot ? Coffee all over the counter . WHAT ? So , I get out the book . Verified it was set up correctly , used the right filters , settings , pot positioning , lid lined up just right , check check check . Next pot ? Same thing . All over the counter . WHAT ? So I take it apart , re-verify and do it all again . Guess what ? Coffee spills out all over as it brews . Now this is just plain stupid - I do n't care how hot it 's supposed to keep coffee . If nothing ends up in the pot , does that feature really ever matter ?
 I bought this coffee maker , because some people gave it high recommendation here . I think I wasted my money.It worked only for a couple of days . Finally , it just stopped working and I had to push the button at least three times in order to collect a small cup of coffee . That is ridiculous for an expensive coffee maker priced at $ 80 above . It makes me feel that this Japanese coffee maker is like Sony-made products , having a fancy looking but lousy quality.Save your money for some other coffe makers , and avoid this one .
 This coffee maker is just OK . The biggest cons are that the coffee is not hot enough and that the paper filters do n't fit very well -LRB- even the updated model that calls for a # 4 cone filter -RRB- . I would not buy this again , and I will probably buy a Starbucks machine to replace it as I 've heard good things about those .
 I waited for two weeks for the Zoji to finally arrive . Conducted my due diligence ... researched Amazon web site , etc. . . then selected what I thought was the best value for my needs . But the unit we received is defective so it 's going back to Amazon -LRB- who , by the way , are easy to deal with on defective returns within 30 days -RRB- . I was going to rate this item a bit higher but I need to be fair about this so it gets one star for non-performance and unreliability . It 's plugged-in , and instructions followed - it just wo n't pump water or brew coffee . Very disappointing after a 14-day wait for it to arrive .
 Typical made in China with cheap plastic . I guess it brews OK , buy ca n't imagine it lasting long .
 I guess I must be a bit of a coffee snob but this coffee makers , richness and fullness when processing the coffee lacks a lot . The temperature of the coffee is a little hotter than Warm.After reading the reviews I decided on this one but I think I will send it back . I am used to my Barista from Starbucks and this one just does n't cut the mustard.I am so glad I did n't sell my Barista I will just deal with it tempramental disposition and enjoy great coffee
 Although it probably would make coffee just fine , the Zojirushi Thermal Coffee Maker just did n't match my expectations . It seemed to be made of mostly thin , flimsy black plastic towering up 15 inches . Except for the nice thermal carafe , I did n't see anything exceptional about this unit . It just did n't seem very solid.So if I 'm going to use a flimsy coffee maker that can pour the right temperature hot water over coffee grounds making flavorful coffee , I 'll go back to my simple $ 7.99 white Walgreens Kitchen Gourmet , which probably makes just as good tasting coffee but looks less fancy . It 's also less complicated without things that can go wrong . I can probably live without the thermal carafe , and I do n't like black anyway .
 I have had this coffee maker for 10 months . The coffee cools off too fast . The automatic brew has started to shut off half way through the process . I 'm very disappointed with this coffee maker .
 When we first received the Zojirushi Coffee Maker , the timer did n't work . Then , it would sporadically decide to overflow while brewing coffee . We sent it back within a year to be fixed , which involved driving out to the hinterlands to find the only authorized repair center , who sent it back to Zojirushi in California . After about two months , we got the machine back . The timer still did n't work , so we sent it back again . Two weeks later , we got the machine back , with the timer fixed , but a large dent in the carafe . We opted not to send it back since we just wanted to have coffee in the morning again.However , my husband and I just finished up cleaning out coffee from our kitchen drawers for the last time . The Zojirushi is going to our local small appliance recycler as it is not even fit to donate . I would not want anyone else to suffer through trying to make coffee with the Zojirushi . While their rice makers are excellent , their coffee makers leave just about everything to be desired .
 We have had this coffee maker for 6 months now and I get to like it less and less each day . I like my coffee HOT and this does not do the job . Even if I preheat the carafe and use a tea cozy , after an hour I am having to `` nuke '' it to bring it up to the temperature that I like . The size 4 paper coffee filters do not fit well , you must jam them in or cut them down . Placement of the controls around the side of the coffee maker is a disadvantage as you either have to fumble without seeing the controls or move the coffee maker to see the controls . Not a big deal the first time but every day ? Wish we had spent the extra money and got a new Starbucks to replace our old one .
 This product was a great disappointment . The first thing is that the # 4 filter does not fit in the container . Then it does not keep the coffee hot . As soon as the coffee is poured into a mug it gets cool , and the thermos does not hold heat . I would not advise anyone to buy this item .
 Coffee maker leaks all the time , flooding out kitchen floor . No matter how carefully we align the carafe , there is coffee all over the kitchen counter ...
 After doing research on the differing models of thermal carafe coffee makers , we decided to take a gamble on the Zoji in spite of the plethora of bad reviews . We really should 've trusted our instincts and stayed away.We 've had the machine since the middle of October 2011 . At first , every thing was grand -- like a new relationship -- all was sparkly and wonderful . Hot and plentiful . Those fools with the negative reviews -- they clearly did n't know how to use this very simple machine ! In the glorious beginning , there was never an issue like all of those mentioned in negative reviews . I 'd spoken too quickly . The lustre and infatuation wore off quickly enough ; after the initial couple of weeks , we had our first leak . That 's when I came back to read through all of the reviews to see what we could have possibly done wrong . It was all downhill from there ... We have religiously washed the bits and pieces every morning by hand -- no dishwashers . Followed the advice found here in the reviews to fold over the bottoms of the paper filters -LRB- which I had always done with our previous coffee makers -RRB- and to make sure the top is perfectly aligned . When it started leaking on every other brewing despite our diligent efforts , we then found ourselves altering our normal , everyday coffee rituals just to make sure this blasted coffee maker would n't make a mess all over the counter-top . The very bizarre thing being , it leaks from the spout of the carafe itself which then gets coffee all down the front of the carafe and under the lip of handle rim . This adds the extra joy of having coffee drip out from under the handle rim when you 're finally pouring yourself a cup of A.M. java frustration . Always fun to clean up extra messes after you 've just finished cleaning up your counter-top . To add to the issues with this maker , the lid has been retaining water -LRB- or perhaps old coffee -RRB- and there 's no way to get into the lid as it 's factory sealed.I notice a handful of people have no problems with this maker and I have to wonder about the quality control of the units . Some are fine whilst others are clearly shoddy?To recap , here are all of the flaming hoops and changes to our normal coffee-preparing-and-drinking ceremony on top of the recommended babying this machine needs to then still leak and malfunction : What we 've done : -- Hand-washed the carafe , the lid and filter basket every day . -LRB- The lid retains water/old coffee , which I 'd imagine , is n't very sanitary as it 's a factory sealed lid . -RRB- -- Folded the seams of the paper filters out of the way of the hole in the filter basket and ensured the filter was n't sticking out above the edge of the basket . -- Used lukewarm water , not cold and not hot . -- Using astrological charts of the planets and stars and scientific measurements , made sure the carafe was perfectly aligned under the drip mechanism.Things we 've changed in our daily coffee customs in an attempt to baby this temperamental , ramshackle device : -- Ground the beans for such a short amount of time the brewed coffee now resembles orange-tinted water when poured . -- Ground the beans for such a short amount of time the brewed coffee now tastes like orange-coloured , faintly coffee-flavoured water . We like strong coffee . We ca n't have strong coffee anymore with the Zoji . -- Put far less grounds in than we would normally do with a non-temperamental , easy-going coffee maker . -- No longer brew our usual 10 cups and have resorted to 8 cups ; less water does n't mean less spillage though . -- Spin around in a circle 5 times whilst chanting `` Be Kind This Morning '' before praying to the Zoji Coffee Gods to not let it leak before hitting the `` On '' button . The Zoji Coffee Gods do n't take requests apparently.I would recommend this coffee maker only to the following people : -- Those who enjoy very weak , coffee-flavoured water . -- Those with a strong desire to wipe up coffee spills every morning -- Those with an inside track or a direct line to the Zoji Coffee Gods.To all others interested in a thermal carafe coffee maker , do yourself a favour and save yourself a major headache -- go with another option .
 I had read all of the reviews and saw that there were a lot of positive and negative reviews . In terms of overflows , you have to be very careful how the carafe is put in place or else you will probably have problems . My big issue is that I only was able to use the coffee maker ONCE before it died . I ran a pot of water through it once to clean it -LRB- no coffee was used -RRB- . I was encouraged because the brewed water temperature was 180 degrees and it worked fine . The next morning we prepared it to make coffee and it would n't do a thing . It had power but would n't brew . Do n't waste your time or money ordering this one . One star is too high of a rating for this one .
 Nothing worse then waking up expecting a fresh cup of coffee only to find your kitchen flooded with coffee . We did everything right . Coffee ground for automatic drip , cone filters . Used a single paper filter . Made sure the carafe was placed properly and the cap was off . I have no idea why this happens , but from observing it seems the coffee pumps water faster than it flows thru the filter . If i was really in love with this coffee maker I suppose I could try various different grinds of coffee , and try a different type of filter , but the quality of the machine is not what it appears to be in the photo . It has a very cheap plastic feel and the clock/timer also has a very cheap , red LED display . When it comes down to it , it is a drip coffee maker , it pumps water from the resevoir to the filter and into a carafe . Not rocket science . There is no reason to buy this tempermental machine when there are plenty that do this just fine without having to worry what you are going to wake up to . If this were a $ 15 coffee maker then maybe it would be acceptable , but it 's not.The design is also in my opinion very poorly conceived . It is super tall , and the entire top -LRB- coffee basket and water resevoir -RRB- are covered by a single cover that flips up . It is probalby about 8 inches long , which means if you have a standard size counter you have to pull the machine out from under the counter to pour the water , and filler the coffee cone . There is also a cap that you are supposed to put on top of the carafe after coffee is made . Presumably to keep the coffee hotter , longer . This cap has an indent , so that it easily fits under the basket . But with this cheap plastic cap on , the coffe ca n't flow into the carafe and would overflow all over your counter . In my opinion with the cap on the carafe should not fit under the basket so that one would not make this mistake.Also , if you are using the carafe to pour the water into the resevoir you have to pour very slowly or else the water goes all over the place.Overall , i was very disappointed with this coffee maker . It 's cheap , tempermental and does n't seem to do the basics properly .
 Worked pretty good at first , but after using for a week it just stopped working . I purchased this because it was a top on Consumer Reports , this is the last time I buy because of a good rating on Consumer Reports , have heard before that they are n't that reliable but now I know for sure !
 Well , this coffee maker was as good as billed but there are some flaws . First , it is very tall so plan on having the vertical space available . More importantly , however , was that it just plain stopped working . Assuming this was a bad wire or something simple -LRB- it is a very simple machine in concept - boils water is all -RRB- I took the thing apart to find the problem . All wires were fine , there was nothing apparently wrong with it . I kept the carafe and junked the rest . This must have been a manufacturing problem so I got a good 4 months out of the thing and returned to my trusty Capresso .
 I think the coffeemaker does everything it 's supposed to do except make a great cup of coffee !! Not exactly what I had hoped for ! # 4 filters are too big - no # 3 's available . My previous coffeemaker was a BUNN and I bought this one hoping to get comparable quality for less money . My advice , spend more and buy the BUNN . Just went out and bought another one . This will one go into storage to use in an emergency only . Do n't waste your money .
 Unlike other reviewers I found this machine to be so far below acceptable that I sent mine back . It is made of the cheapest , flimsiest plastic , does NOT take a # 4 filter -LRB- hence the reference to the non-existent # 3 -RRB- , does not have an integrated insultaion system , but needs a seal to be inserted , and is a total lack of value . The cheapest Mr. Coffee maker would work as well and be better value .
 This coffee brewing system is not very good at all . I am very disappointed with it . The carafe is one of the worst I have ever seen . The lid does not loosen without a fight , you have to rotate the entire carafe , and it can not be done without a lot of pressure.This is not an ergonomically designed system , either . Everything is turned 90 degrees , and makes for awkward handling .
 Point # 1
 The first one we ordered stopped working within a year . Since it made a decent cup of coffee , we ordered a replacement thinking that we 'd have better luck with durability the second time around . Well , the second one stopped working within six months . An expensive piece of junk .
 Bought this machine to replace the Cuisinart Thermal Coffee Maker that died on us after a year . The Cuisinart heating element went and the coffee suddenly started tasting plastic . When I read reviews I found out that that was typical of Cuisinart -LRB- and several people reported fires -RRB- . So when the same thing began happening on the Zojirushi -LRB- funny plastic taste -RRB- after only 3 weeks , I decided to return it immediately and not risk any further problems . It 's a shame because I am a big fan of the thermal pot makers for their ability to keep the coffee fresh and hot without a burner , but I ca n't seem to find one that will last . Trying the Militta thermal pot next , which got amazing reviews , time will tell .
 Did all the research and finally decided on the Zojirushi . The coffee maker is lightweight and the water reservoir lid is flimsy plastic . There are no markings on the carafe . So , if you want to make 8 cups of coffee you have to guess on how much water to fill the carafe . If you have too much , it 's back to the sink to dump the excess ; if you have too little it 's back to the sink to get some more water . There is no `` bell '' or `` ding '' or any audio indication that the coffee is done . You know it 's done when the maker quits ` growling . ' The lid to the carafe has ` sharp ' edges that would make it difficult for some to get off , especially if your husband screwed it on too tight . You have to place the carafe exactly in the right spot under the maker , or it leaks . Finally , the 4th cup of coffee out of the carafe is * not * as hot as the first . It makes good coffee , but not as easily as a more traditional coffee maker . Oh , and the # 4 cone filters fit lousy ; but the gold ` permanent ' filter fits pretty good .
 Tried a few fancy machines -LRB- they are overly complicated and/or break too readily -RRB- , went back to French press -LRB- still makes the best coffee , I think -RRB- and Chemex -LRB- ca n't get simpler than that -RRB- . Husband wanted a quicker , easier solution for one-eye-open five-a.m. coffee production , I researched reviews and picked the Zojirushi , a name I did not know.The machine is attractive , the operation is simple and straightforward , cleaning is easy , design is great for operation . It 's a Drip Coffee Machine . Period . I love it . That said ... Responding to others ' comments : - Mine is not under a cabinet -LRB- it IS tall -RRB- . - The controls ARE all on one side but I just leave it `` sideways '' and it 's no bother . - The lid may be a little tight after brewing , but not an issue for us ... once opened it 's fine . Pushing down with flat of hand and twisting may help . Carafe works well to keep coffee hot and the little cap on top is easy and effective.And the price is in the sweet spot , so it 's all good here.UPDATE : After a couple of months , one problem has emerged ... if too much coffee is used , and/or the pot is not centered JUST right under the filler , it will overflow and create a huge mess , which is not fun first thing in the morning . We have learned to use a little less coffee -LRB- we like it strong so were probably using coffee for 12 cups in a 10-cup machine -RRB- and keep one eye on it while brewing . * sigh * Still searching for the perfect , simple automatic coffeemaker . Too bad , this one seemed great at first!SECOND -LRB- AND LAST -RRB- UPDATE : Done now , used for 8 months . It 's just too touchy , and it overflowed for the last time yesterday , it 's outa here . Still looking for the perfect machine , meanwhile back to French press and Chemex . Darn !!
 Researched this product pretty well , and it got high marks - even on Consumer Reports . Bought to replace Cuisinart 12 cup thermal , which was the second one of that model I had . Cuisinart just stopped working - first one was returned for a new one but I could n't find the paperwork when the second went after about 6 months so I decided to try something else . Did n't need one that grinds beans , did want the thermal carafe , wanted another 12 cup , and one that did n't seem to take up much counter space . The Zojirushi seemed to need twice as much coffee as the Cuisinart to make it strong enough . The carafe did n't keep the coffee as warm for as long . Top hard to put on and remove . No indication - a light or noise - when coffee was done . Separate issue - purchased from VeryAsia thru Amazon . My fault I did n't notice that their return policy is very strict and they only take back items that have not been used at all . I erroneously assumed because of the price , the company would want their customers to be completely happy with their purchases . Guess not . So I boxed up the Zojirushi and will store in my garage - went out an bought another Cuisinart and the Zojirushi can be used in the interim if and went the new Cuisinart stops working and I have to go out and get another one . I do n't even want to give it as a gift .
 We purchased this product with high expectations . Let me say , the coffee is delicious and stays hot for around 8 hours in the carafe . We could n't be happier until it suddenly stopped working.We contacted customer service , who sent us a cleaning solution . Unfortunately this did not fix our problem either . Their solution now is for us to spend money to ship the coffee maker to a third party for repair.It seems to us that since this product broke after just 4 months , Zojirushi should really take it upon themselves to repair the coffee maker at no further cost to us . I strongly disagree with asking a consumer to continue to shell out money when the product is defective.Be cautious buying this product . We are very disappointed in the customer service Zojirushi has offered to us .
 I picked this coffee maker up about a year ago and thought I 'd wait for data to post a review . The machine makes very good coffee and it does stay hot for a reasonable amount of time . Unfortunately for me I 've run into many issues outside of the brew process.Overall the machine is unpredictable , I gave up using the program function because I never knew when the pot was going to decide and leak all over the counter . Other problems I currently have , the shower head inside no longer ` showers ' it is more of a steady stream . It forms a little volcano of the grinds and they do not saturate , to get past this I stir the grinds a few times during brewing . If I forget to stir them the coffee turns out weak because the grinds are not all used.The cover is tough to turn , I usually do not tighten it all the way so it can be easily opened.Lastly , today it decided to start leaking at the joint where the rim and the metal come together . Today I am off to find a new coffee maker , I hope to find one that brews as well as this one without the overhead and frustrations .
 I purchased my first Zojirushi coffee maker from Amazon in April 2008 . After receiving it , it worked great , but for only two weeks and then the heating element just stopped . I contacted the business that sent it to me from Amazon and was advised to contact the company directly . I was sent a replacement within a month and I enjoyed the replacement unit from May 2008 until now , December 2009 . Again , the same as the first unit , the heating element just stopped working . It 's very frustrating because I love the thermal carafe in that it keeps the coffee hot for hours and I do n't have to worry about a `` hot plate '' that the pot sits on to keep the coffee hot . For the expense of this coffee maker to last for only 19 months , I could have bought two to three cheaper brands and they would have lasted two to three times longer than this brand . I 'm very disappointed . Save your money-avoid on this one !
 It 's true that the coffee is kept hot in the pot as others claim , but the problem is once it 's out of the pot . Even coffee poured right after brewing quickly gets cold . I ca n't explain it , but it 's true , and it makes this purchase very disappointing . Also , the lid for the carafe is uncomfortable and difficult to turn every time you want a refill .
 Our experience with the Zojirushi EC-BD15 Coffee Maker was quite disappointing . The first time we used it , water leaked from the reservoir onto our counter . We notified the Amazon vendor -LRB- Chefs Corner -RRB- , who made it easy for us to return the defective machine and soon sent a replacement . Actually , Chefs Corner mistakenly sent us two replacements , and we immediately returned one . Unfortunately , the replacement machine that we kept was missing a part and , consequently , became clogged with coffee grounds and slopped coffee onto our counter . Furthermore , the carafe did a poor job keeping the coffee hot . Zojirushi clearly has quality-control problems , so we did not bother requesting another replacement . We can not recommend this coffee maker .
 After about a year of use , the bottom of the metal pot fell off . It is really annoying to use now , and I have tried many different types of adhesives/glues to fix , but none worked for long . Buy another brand .
 Quit working entirely within 2 weeks of purchase , probably made 25 pots of coffee before it stopped .
 We bought this machine and it initally made great coffee , but stopped working after 15 months -LRB- out of warranty -RRB- . We bought another , and it broke after SIX MONTHS ! We 've been burned twice by this inferior product ! BE WARNED .
 We bought this because it was a highly rated carafe coffee maker capable of producing up to ten cups . It worked fine for the first few months , but over time the coffee output was terribly inconsistent , and most times the coffee came out cold.We would fill the reservoir to 4-5 cups just to get 2 actual coffee cups of output , the little ball that tells you how much water you have put in would constantly stick , requiring a smack to the side of the machine to loosen . The carafe was difficult to clean and had a terribly designed pour spout that would result in spillage . While it says you can remove the pot while brewing , the grinds holder would leak . Also , unlike some other carafes with a spring loaded top that seals when you take off the machine , this one is actually open at the top , so it did a lousy job keeping coffee warm for a long period of time.And , you have to be careful with how much coffee you put in . Fill it too much and the grinds go over the filter and down into the plastic filter holder -LRB- or they clog the exit hole into the pot -RRB- . Cleaning it was pretty easy , the filter holder came off without any fuss.We replaced it this week with a keurig , the difference is akin to gas station coffee vs. the best local coffee joint you can find .
 I strongly recommend you do not buy the Zojirushi ED-BD15BA Coffee Maker . I bought one over a year ago and it has stopped working . I called the company and they said there is nothing they could do for me . A coffee maker that fails in a little over one year appears to be a product with planned obsolescence and escapes the one year warranty .
 I purchased this item last June and by August the water gage had broken . Without the water cage there is no way to determine who much water you put in and consequently how much coffee to add . So , the coffee comes out terrible . The water gage -LRB- which is a little red ball in a tube -RRB- brakes so easily I ca n't imagine this has n't happened to many others who bought this . We followed the manufacturers instructions on how to fix the water gage and that did n't help . When I emailed the company , all they would suggest was packing it up and shipping it to them in Californa-what a hassle . I have had many coffee makers over the years and most have lasted for many years . This is the most expensive coffee maker I ever purchased and it broke after a few months . Before it broke the coffee was decent , albeit kind of weak , and the thermal carafe never kept it very hot and it spilled very easily when you try to pour the coffee . I would not recommend this product . Thank goodness for Amazon which took the item back . Their customer service is great . I found a $ 29.00 Black and Decker instead .
 We have used the Zojirushi EC-BD15 daily for a month or so . The coffee it makes tastes fine . However , the machine is too tall , it seems to be flimsy , it is not easy to pour in the water and see the measure at the same time , the coffee holder is too small for a # 4 filter to fit into properly , the mechanism to pour from the thermal pot is inconvenient , and the removable top is in two parts , one of which will surely get lost soon . Having used the pot for a month , I would not purchase it again .
 i guess these coffee makers are luck of the draw because the one i got seems to overflow 50 % of the time and the coffee doesnt stay hot . this is NOT for people who want to set the pot and forget about it because if it overflows it just keeps going . the filters have to be packed down dilligently as the lip of the filter tends to be pushed down by the how water arm as it swings across the top . this ofcourse tends to make it overflow.i would not buy this again
 I sure wish someone -LRB- like Amazon ? -RRB- could do some data-mining to objectively validate or discard an observation I 've made after researching dozens of other reviews of this item . Compared to the ratings of other coffee makers on Amazon -LRB- try Melitta or Cuisinart if you want to check this out yourself -RRB- , it is fairly obvious that most of the * 5-star * ratings for the Zoji are from reviewers who have posted no other reviews . How many typical consumers go out of their way to rave about a product?I 'm now skeptical of a customer rating system that seemed like a great idea . If one has to do extensive background research on all the reviews of every item they are shopping for , the system has no value at all.I purchased this coffee maker after agonizing over reviews on Amazon and other sites . The Zoji seemed to rank better overall than most machines with the features I wanted -LRB- thermal carafe and automatic brew timer -RRB- , but after using it for a month or so , I 'm sure there must be a better product out there.Honest reviews can be useful , but one needs to take even those with a grain of salt . I realized that one coffeemaker I was considering did n't rank as high as I 'd like because some folks were dinging it for making coffee TOO HOT for them . That reminded me of the well-meaning clerk who once dropped some ice into a cup of freshly brewed coffee because she did n't want me to burn my mouth . I nearly choked trying to stop her before it was too late , but then could n't say anything because she had been kind enough to brew a single cup of fresh coffee late in the day , just for me . < sigh > So , when I ding the Zoji for not making my coffee hot enough for my tastes -LRB- and yes , that includes when I preheat the thermal pot -RRB- , it may be perfect for you ... IF you drop ice chips into your freshly brewed coffee !! The unit is also very tall , which was n't completely unexpected , but when the reservoir lid is open , the overall height is indeed extraordinary.Like some of the other reviewers , I experienced coffee overflow when replacing the carafe under the basket after pouring a cup of java in the midst of a brew cycle . I did discover that if I watched carefully and jiggled the carafe just right , it would interrupt the flow from the basket long enough to let the coffee drain into the carafe and it would then flow without backing up , but what a ridiculous dance to have to perform so early in the morning ! I finally resigned myself to waiting for the darned thing to finish brewing , which thankfully is n't long.Finally , what sadist designed the carafe lid ? The grooves across the top , intended to improve grip , are so sharp that one risks shredding their flesh trying to open and close the lid unless they use a towel or potholder to protect their hands.The good ? It brews a good pot of coffee quickly and keeps it as very warm -LRB- not hot -RRB- as it was for a few hours . It is easy to clean.I fear I 'd have been happier with a Mr. Coffee machine from WalMart for half the price I paid for the Zoji . I 'll use this one as long as I can , though I do plan to take the carafe lid to the basement to sand down the sharp ridges.I may have given the Zoji more stars if the reviews were n't so obviously stacked in its favor . It is WAY over-rated .
 I just got my Zojirushi EC-BD15 coffeemaker today , and when I ran cold water in it to run it to clean it before first-time usage , I noticed that water was leaking out through a leak on the left side of the unit as well as through the bottom ! The leak on the left side was through the part where the top and bottom portions meet near the middle . The leaking through the bottom was through the grated part . I 'm not just talking a few drops here and there , I 'm talking steady small stream leakage to the point where a minute later water was all over the counter and spilling over . I thought it was something I was doing wrong , but after trying again I experienced the same leakage . The leakage starts when the bulb rises to the 4 cup level . I am going to get an exchange and hopefully this wo n't happen again , and I will update my review as soon as I get the replacement unit . I will say , however , that I am sorely disappointed that this $ 70 unit leaks the way it does , and my boss ' old Krups $ 20 coffeemaker never gave us any problems.UPDATE -LRB- 2/22/05 -RRB-
 Unbelievable that this thing received so many good reviews . What a horribly designed piece of garbage . Shabby , ill-fitting , wobbly plastic construction . MADE IN CHINA . Standard filters do n't even fit into the receiver . We had the cut off the top off of the filter just so it could fit . How is that making my life more convenient ? In two days of use , it has over-flowed twice . Each time it had been set up by a different person . Both times it made a horrible mess . Just threw the entire thing into the trash in disgust .
 I never had a chance to try out this coffee maker . The water leaked out through the level indicator the first time it was added . From my own experience and after reading many of the reviews , it seems to be a crapshoot that this machine will work at all .
 Just packed up my second one to be returned . I never even got to the point of making coffee . Both units leaked water out of the main tank , and not just a little . The first one leaked so bad that I had several cups of water on the counter before I dumped it back out and this was while I was trying to put coffee in the filter . Do n't waste your time .
 Despite all the hype about the thermal carafe it was a huge disappointment . Within four hours contents were cold . We returned it to seller.Les
 Unfortunately , 5 weeks after purchasing this product , it completely stopped functioning . When turned on , NOTHING happens . The heating element appearsto have failed . To make matters worse , I 've been in contact with the seller -LRB- Dynadirect . com -RRB- through email to try and exchange the machine or get it repaired , and they have not responded to my 3 emails . Therefore , I would NOT recommend this item .
 While it brews reasonable coffee , there are some annoying design flaws . The filler tube used to determine the amount of water in the reservoir is on the side of the unit and hard to see when you fill the reservoir . Also the cap for the thermal carafe retains brewed coffee inside the cap and you can not get it out during cleaning ... not very sanitary . I had to drill two 1/4 '' holes in the bottom of the carafe cap to allow drainage from the cap so I could drain the retained coffer and be able to clean the cap . The overall unit is unsually tall requiring a tall storage space , Lastly it is of flimsy plastic construction . I would not purchase another .
 I selected the free shipping option on this coffee maker . It took about a week and a half to arrive and when it did , it was discovered to be Dead On Arrival . Almost no water gets into the water outlet from the reservoir . It sputters , steams , and heats the water in the reservoir , but can not make coffee because almost no water makes it into the filter basket . The hot water just remains in the reservoir -LRB- yes the water outlet was swung out over the filter basket -RRB- . I went to the manufacturer 's website and attempted to contact technical support . In order to do that one needs to enter the product serial number . The website says that the serial number is on a silver label on the product . There was no silver label anywhere , hence no serial number.I gave up in frustration , and am returning this coffee maker for a full refund . Maybe I got the only bad one in the batch , but it sure was n't worth waiting a week and a half to arrive . -- Wayne
 I bought this item several months ago . I registered it on line -LRB- forget that it do n't mean anything -RRB- . Pro
 I just can not get a strong cup of coffee regardless of the amount of coffee grinds and the filter.I regret buying this coffee maker .
 I 'm on my second one of these . The first worked fine for a long time , but fell on the floor and some of the plastic cracked , but it still worked . Since I liked it , I ordered a new one and threw the old one away . After six months it 's totally dead . The heating element no longer heats . I opened it up and checked the over-temperature sensor and it 's fine , and then I checked the resistance of the heater and it 's an open circuit.Now I make coffee by manually pouring water over the grinds . This works for now . Looking for a better unit that has a thermal carafe . Probably will buy the $ 40 Cuisinart at Costco . At least it has a three year warranty.I 'm disappointed in Zojirushi these days . I had one of their water boilers fail after only two years . The bread machine still works fine though .
 We 've had this coffee maker for a little over a year now and I thought it necessary to write a follow up review . For the first year or so this coffee pot was great . It brewed consistently good coffee and kept it warm -LRB- not hot -RRB- in the insulated carafe as promised.However after a year of use the coffee pot is really sluggish when brewing and automatically shuts off in 15 minutes . So unless you watch to be sure it is actually done brewing you will only be helping yourself to a cup or two rather than a whole pot of coffee . This is REALLY annoying . I have cleaned the machine many times running h20 and vinegar through but this has had no effect . It is like the machine strains to pump the water through . Also , because of this you can not be in a hurry to brew your coffee because it could take at least 20 minutes or more to brew a full pot.For a coffee maker with this price tag I would certainly expect more than a year of service out of it . Too bad.Because of this I would no longer recommend this coffee maker .
 This coffee pot was great , until one day it just stopped working . $ 80.00 for a coffee pot to work one year . Garbage . Now I have an expensive piece of trash . DO NOT BUY !!
 Bought this 2 months ago . Overall , it worked ok in that time . I always used water from a hot spout so I ca n't comment on it not getting water to speed . I will say , in using it every day , 3 times did I have the thing overflow with grounds all over the place . This required lots of cleaning . But worse , which others have mentioned , is this thing will die unexpectedly . The lights are on , but it just does n't work anymore . Dead after a couple months . Apparently this is _ the _ problem on this thing . And no , I 'm not going through the hassle of dealing with Zojirushi . Considering the number of complaints of this issue , and with my experience as an electrical engineer , this thing is flawed by design . And clearly they are do nothing to actually fix this issue . If you read through these reviews , you 'll see folks have sent the thing back multiple times for the same reason.Seriously , if you do n't want to be angry because you get up early to go to work and find your coffee machine has died , get a different brand . I ca n't recommend one as it took me a lot of research to decide on this one . Clearly , the lesson here , is if a bunch of people complain of the same problem , stay away . Stay very far away . I will never buy another Zojirushi product based on this poor -LRB- and costly -RRB- experience . We bought a 100 pack of filters . We did not even finish one box . Skip this crappy piece of engineering .
 Most reviews seemed positive , so could n't wait for new pot to arrive . BIG disappointment ... . pot would not brew 6 cups . Grounds were unsaturated , very weak coffee . I experimented with using more coffee , but not any better . I contacted manufacturer to learn the pot is not designed for anything less than 10 full cups . So why have levels ??? I am returning this for a refund . J HALL
 After researching and reading customer reviews , we bought this coffee maker . It was awful !! The coffee was never hot so it certainly did n't stay hot as advertised . It look sleek and cool on our counter but never lived up to any of it 's hype . Do n't buy it .
 I bought this coffeemaker to replace the carafe-style capresso coffeemaker that stopped working after 13 years . I read a lot of good reviews , so am quite disappointed . First , as people noted , the lid is difficult to operate . There are open & close indicators that are presumably supposed to align with a little raised dot on the spout , however , all of these are the same color -LRB- black -RRB- and difficult to see . If the lid is closed too tightly , it is nearly impossible to open . If the lid is closed a little , the coffee pours in unpredictable ribbons and only some ends up in the cup - the rest gets deposited on the counter , table , desk , or wherever you cup is sitting . In addition , the carafe itself , does not keep the coffee warm for nearly as long as our old capresso carafe does . As a result , we end up pouring the coffee into the old capresso carafe , which did not have these problems , as soon the coffee is done.Which brings me to another point . This coffeemaker is unbelievably noisy during the process . So noisy that the first few times we made coffee in it , the dogs all started barking ! If there are any bedrooms with open doors and sleeping people in them , the people will be awakened by this coffeemaker . I suppose that could be a good thing in a tv commercial , but in reality , it 's rather rude . Oh , and the noise does n't last for just a minute or two , either . This is a very , very slow brewing coffeemaker.On the latter note , I have to say that for the first four weeks we owned this coffeemaker , because it is so slow brewing , it was nice to have the floating red level on the side to tell us how much water remained in the reservoir . However , that stopped working after 4-5 weeks , a very short time for an $ 80 machine.All in all , I would not recommend this coffeemaker .
 This one 's going back . I wish I had read the negative reviews instead of the glowing 4-star reviews . There is nothing RIGHT about this machine . It leaks coffee all over the counter unless the carafe is in perfect alignment with the valve . The recommended # 4 coffee filters do n't fit correctly -LRB- what were they thinking ? -RRB- . The carafe cap has sharp edges and is difficult to work . It 's tall and gawky and the looks and feels cheap -LRB- sounds like my high school girlfriend -RRB- . I do n't know whether to send it back or just take it out to the back yard and just shoot it .
 Being generous with a # 2 rating ... Replaced a very nice Cuisinart with this junk.Did not come with metallic strainer as specified , both at Amazon and with the Zojirushi manual.Thermal carafe is truly junk compared to the Cuisinart.Does not keep coffee hot as did the Cuisinart.Does not pour as well as the Cuisinart.Manual says use # 4 filter , except the # 4 will not fitcorrectly unless you clip a portion of the # 4 off.If you 're used to quality -LRB- aka Cuisinart -RRB- do n't ventureoff to this alternative.In short , I love my coffee , and am quitedisappointed with this product .
 I first ordered this in April 2010 , our cup of coffee was warm not hot so I sent it back to Amazon and asked for a replacement which they graciously sent me . After traveling abroad most of the summer and fall months we are now back to using this coffee maker and it 's still not hot and it just does n't make a tasty cup of coffee . I consider myself to be able to make a tasty cup of coffee but not with this machine . I have cleaned it several times and the coffee still tastes bitter . I 've also tried switching coffee brands to see if that would make a difference . I ordered a new coffee maker a couple of days ago from Amazon ... so I consider myself out $ 89 , it will go in my yard sale this spring and I 'll be lucky to get $ 10 for something I 've used for about 3 months total time . I could have bought a lot of Dunkin Donuts Cups for that amount . Wish me luck with my new Cuisinart coffee maker!PS I love the rice maker by Zojirushi , I 've been using it daily for almost 6 years now and it makes the perfect rice , hot cereal , etc.One Star For this coffee maker ... Zojirushi EC-BD15BAFresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee Maker -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000MAERM0 10 stars for this rice maker ... Zojirushi NS-TGC10 Micom 5-1/2 - Cup Rice Cooker and Warmer , Stainless Steel -RSB- -RSB-
 I purchased this coffee maker based upon all the great reviews on Amazon . However , it is now awaiting pickup in our recycling container.At first , we were thrilled with the machine . Brewed great coffee , kept it nice and hot for hours . But overtime some of the design flaws began to affect performance , and finally it stopped working . The design flaws are -LRB- 1 -RRB- if you forget to put the carafe on the plate after it starts brewing , there is no automatic shut off or warning signal to alert you . You end up with 10 cups of coffee and coffee grounds all over your counter . I have never had a coffee maker not have an auto stop function if the carafe is not in place . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The carafe has a screw-in top that is very difficult to open and you have to open it to pour your coffee . This creates difficulty when elderly visitors get up hours earlier than you do and ca n't get their morning brew . -LRB- 3 -RRB- the water reservoir is difficult to see as it does not come away from the machine and you have to really focus to see how many cups you are brewing . Often we got very weak coffee from this defect.All is all , it does brew a wonderful cup of joe . But all these design flaws eventually blew out the workings from all the overflows . I 'm back with my Mr. Coffee machine from 1988 until I find something better .
 I 'm afraid that this coffee maker has been pretty much a disappointment.First and foremost , it does n't make very good coffee . The water is quite hot and it picks up some nice subtleties of the coffee , but the brewing speed is extremely fast which tends to create rather weak coffee without much body . The speed also makes the basket overflow extremely easily if the coffee is ground too fine or you add `` too much . '' That 's in quotes because in order to get a good solid cup of coffee , the right amount is `` too much . `` The pot itself is rather quirky . To fully seal the vacuum pot , you need to add an external topper , which we 've already lost track of , and to dispense coffee , you need to twist the cover , which can easily become stuck and require a good amount of force , to the open position . Finally , this unit is very tall and does n't have enough weight at the bottom leaving it more than a bit tippy and awkward to place .
 Before buying this coffee maker , I checked most of the favorable reviews on Amazon , checked ratings at consumer reports , and checked all the major brands at the local retail outlets . In short , this coffee maker was indeed making a good cup of coffee , but some of it 's shortcomings were major irritants . I do n't recommend this coffee maker.Pros
 Zojirushi EC-BD15BAFresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee MakerPurchased this coffee maker because of good brewing reviews . Those were correct . However after 6 months of use the heating element has stopped working so it no longer brews . I would not recommend this to anyone . Too late to return and can find no info on repair except that it is n't worth fixing due to cost . I am tired of poor product life on electronics and small appliances .
 RW
 We 've been using the Zoji for about three weeks now and have no complaints at all . We bought it to replace a DeLongi we 've had since 2006 . It no longer made good coffee and took about 30 minutes to complete the brewing cycle . The Zoji brews a great cup of coffee and quickly ! The lid being difficult to remove is not a problem , just do n't close it too tightly . The thermal carafe does keep the coffee hot for 3 or more hours . I read several reviews about this product prior to making the purchase , most were good . Thus far , I have not had any of the problems others have reportedly had . So far so good.Zojirushi EC-BD15 Fresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee MakerToday 3/2/10 the coffee maker stopped working . We purchased it in late October of 2009 . A coffee maker should last longer than than 5 months ! Would not come on no matter how many times I pushed the on button or what I did . It was great while it lasted but at the price of nearly $ 100.00 I would NOT RECOMMEND purchasing this coffee maker.Because it has been mover 30 days since the purchase of the pot Amazon told me to call the Zojirushi Corp.and if they would authorize it Amazon would issue a refund . I did that and all they are willing to do is send it in for repair in another state . She stated , no refund or credit will be given . Yesterday we purchased a Cuisinart , at a local merchant , not through Amazon . No more Zojirushi products for us ! In view of all of the negative feedback posted on Amazon about this product , Amazon should discontinue offering it for sale -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- .
 Bought this pricy coffee maker new from Amazon . Worked fine for a year or so , though several design issues became apparent and finally the unit died and I threw it out . We used this unit a lot - could be any coffee maker will die with the use we gave it - couple pots a day so all told we put a thousand or more cycles on this unit.Unit is awkward - tall , small base , top heavy , plastic , construction seems cheap . Makes a lot of noise when brewing . Screw top to carafe is hard to get off - heat expansion makes it very tight and I wind up using a towel to get a grip on the lid to open it . Pours so slowly it 's annoying - you wind up removing the screw lid to pour faster - spout is small to limit heat loss apparently.The number one problem - if you get any grounds whatsoever into the brew basket valve , you 'll get coffee all over the counter top.Does not have a switch to prevent brewing if the carafe is not under the basket.Bought a Mr Coffee with a thermal carafe - we 'll see if it 's any better . Could be nobody makes a coffee maker that will last more than a couple of years - maybe the best thing to do is go low end and just replace it every 18 months or so .
 Bought this machine about 9 months ago . If you like HOT coffee , please hit backspace and keep shopping . This thing gets 5 stars for looks and ease of set-up . It gets 3 stars for quality of taste and one star for temperature . Coffee comes out a bit weak and you have to add additional scoops to compensate . I do n't think the brew cycle gets hot enough to extract all the flavor from the grounds . My wife has to microwave cups of coffee if she pours it any later than 30 minutes after brew cycle . Thinking of going back to a standard coffee maker and pouring it into my Stanley thermos , now that thermos keeps stuff hot for a couple hours . This carafe , not so much , 30 minutes top , luke warm after that .
 We purchased this coffee maker after the large number of 5 and 4 star reviews on this site . After using it , I wonder if I received a defective product , or perhaps my expectations are not what they should be . Backstory
 I like the warm coffee in the thermal carafe but if you have the carafe off center it leaks !
 Bought this one as a gift for my parents Christmas 2008 . It worked great until a couple of weeks ago when it just stopped working entirely . The warranty ? 1 year . Product 's lifespan ? 18 months . I 've had $ 20 Mr. Coffees last longer .
 The heating element died after only 6 months ! At least they referred me to a local service provider , five minutes from my house -LRB- hence an extra star -RRB- . Still very disappointed , considering that a coffeemaker I had , 1/5 of the price of this one , lasted 5 times longer !!
 We had this coffee maker for 1 year whilst brewing coffee 2x a day and it simply refused to brew one morning and never again brewed . ALSO IF YOU MAKE MORE THAN 8 CUPS OF COFFEE IT OVERFLOWS ALL OVER THE PLACE CREATING A LIQUID MESS onto your countertop . Stick with Cuisinart or another well known brand that Macy 's would carry.Not to mention this unit is poorly constructed and feels cheap .
 Do n't be duped by the 4-star rating , it 's not reflective of this product at all . Here 's why
 I almost always trust the opinions of my fellow Amazonites , but the balance of the good reviews here on this machine are an absilute mystery to me :1 -RRB- The machine consistently backs up and overflows from the drip-funnel - no matter what size grind you use .2 -RRB- The carafe top is almost impossble to open once carafe is full with fresh-made coffee - the vacuum created by the hot brew literally makes the screw so tight you need Superman 's strength to open .3 -RRB- The drip funnel is hard to remove and clean and you must do this often to clear the grounds jammed in the flow-through -LRB- see 1 above . -RRB- This morning I kissed my $ 90 investment in this machine goodbye and warn each and every one of you considering this machine and this brand to move on !
 Expensive and not like the smaller version . Does not produce and keep coffee hot . An essential function missing and therefore I 'm missing as a customer of this silly product .
 Overpriced piece of crap . I bought it in April , only use it about 3 times a week . Stopped working in the first week of November about 7 months after the original purchase . Still searching for a good one , but this one is a dud !
 The Zojiruchi Thermal Carafe Coffee Maker is a complete piece of crap . It overflows all overthe kitchen frequently . Sometimes one has forgotten to insert the separate filter holder , sometimes the works are clogged up but often enough it just does not make coffee . The carafe is good , but the coffee maker is garbage and I would seriously recommend that anybody seeking a carafecoffee maker buy something else . I have been using it for some months and am going to throw it in the garbage and get another .
 I bought this coffeemaker based mainly on reviews , and am I ever sorry ! Between the swing arm water spout , the separate/removable cap which has to be removed for brewing but kept on for heat retention , and the difficult-to-unscrew lid -LRB- which has to be turned to pour -RRB- I gave up . I have never had a more inconvenient coffeemaker . I refuse to put up with all these design flaws to get my coffee .
 The coffee maker looked very nice and was very quiet during operation . However , I was unhappy with the thermal carafe . It did not keep the coffee very hot . The bottom of the carafe seemed very thin and not insulated . Also , the lid was difficult to open . We had a coffee maker before with a thermal carafe that had a push button for pouring , was much easier to pour from . I ended up returning the coffee maker and purchased a different brand .
 This coffee maker is nothing special , the coffee tastes just the same as any of my other cups of coffee made with my Cuisinart -LRB- Thank God I did n't get rid of it ! -RRB- . After 2 months of service , it just stopped working and I knew I should 've listened to the other post I read someone else with the same issue . Since the date of my return with Amazon ran out on the 3rd of October , I had to contact the company and now I have to ship it to one of their service centers . This is a lot of hassle for a coffee maker that I did n't even get that much use out of . Zojirushi should stick with making rice pots , because that is a great product and they make those very well . Coffee is not their forte !
 i have had one of these coffee makers for many years.works great and is still working great.i bought a new one recently for a condo i had purchased at the beach.it quit working after about five brews.it was still under warranty.no problem getting them to have it fixed , but i had to shell out another $ 15.00 to have it sent to one of their authorized repair shops in the u.s. . my complaint about the whole deal is that i think i should be reimbursed for the shipping cost especially since this machine is one of the more expensive ones to buy!oh well , made in china like most everything else is.so , if you buy this particular brand be prepared to spend extra cash if something goes wrong with it !
 I have had this coffee maker for about 2 years . It is loud but makes good coffee under normal conditions . The problem comes when you inevitably forget to put the lid back on after pouring the water in from the carafe and press the brew button . When this happens you come back to coffee and grounds all over the counter and floor . While it might sound easy enough to just remember to put the lid on , over the past 2 years this has happened to me at least 10 times . If you have a great memory then this may work well for you . Personally , I am going to buy another coffee maker that does n't stress me out . Drinking coffee is supposed to be an enjoying experience and this coffee maker has ruined that experience for me for the last time .
 We owned a Starbucks Barista carafe system 7 wonderful years . When it bit the dust we searched the web sites relying on reviews . For reasons unknown to me the Zojirushi BD 015BA careafe system got good reviews -LRB- we suspect insider reviewing -RRB- . We have had the machine for about three weeks and have put it through its test paces.To wit
 After doing extensive research on a thermos style coffee pot , I bought this . I am not sure how this thing has gotten so many good reviews . We have a Zojirushi bread maker that we love dearly but this is a piece of junk . I do n't recommend buying this , especially at this price . It may not break , but it feels like it will and is poorly designed .
 I have not purchased this product , so the 1 star has no meaning , but I do use # 4 Melitta Coffee filters in my current coffee maker.What I do with the filters -LRB- and what the box instructs you to do -RRB- is to fold the bottom edge up and fold the side edge over on the filter before use.If the other folks who purchased this product are not folding their filters , this may cause the problem of the filter being too high for this coffee maker .
 I just ordered this item from Amazon , it was supposed to be new merchandise . Instead , they shipped me a used item that had n't even be cleaned , it still had coffee scum lining the inside of the carafe so I sent it back .
 To be honest , I have n't brewed coffee in this machine so I ca n't comment on the quality of the coffee it makes . I 'm returning it unused because the # 4 filters they tell you to use do n't fit . They stick out of the basket more than a quarter of an inch . When you swing the basket into place , there 's a plastic feed arm that is supposed to automatically swing over the center of the filter basket . However , because the # 4 filter sticks up so high , the arm ca n't swing over . I tried cutting the filters down and that worked better but who wants to do that every time ? Also , to fill the reservoir you have to use the carafe . No big deal . Except there 's a piece on the top of the carafe that has to be taken off for the brewing process and then put back on if you want to keep the coffee warm in the carafe . This machine is way too much trouble .
 I think the note below sent to Amazon says it all . The coffee maker is defective but not so broken as Amazon `` service . '' ---------- Okay , now I am really annoyed.You provided a defective product -- a coffee maker that leaks right out of the box . Okay , stuff happens.But then your system got ugly.When I did the return process I selected the optionUPS pickup
 Only uou can answer ; put in good coffee product ; it will make good coffee , keeping it drinkably hot surprisingly long.You are making ice coffee ; buy another . Bonus
 We had Cuisinart for five years , which made great coffee , but just stopped working . We had three possible replacements selected and decided to go with this Zojirushi model . I wish now that we had just replaced the Cuisinart with the same model . The Zojirushi is clumsy , awkward and loud . It sounds like a locomotive . But the worst thing is the Carafe . If you do buy this coffee maker , do yourself a favor and immediately throw away the plastic cap that comes with the carafe . Eventually you WILL forget to take it off before brewing and your coffee will be on the countertop and not in the carafe . If you are just waking up , and looking forward to that first cup of coffee , it will sure spoil your morning.Update May 2nd 2012 . Well after using this coffee maker for less than two months we are literally `` chucking it '' and looking for a new one . This morning we got up and found the counter covered with CLEAR water where it had leaked out from the night before . Worst piece of junk I ever bought . To the Zojirushi people if you are reading this . This thing has a SERIOUS design flaw in that you can easily insert the pot without removing the cap . Twice I woke up to the unpleasant experience of finding my countertop , along with everything on it , soaked with coffee . YOU NEED TO MAKE THE CAP TALLER , PAINT IT BRIGHT RED , OR GET RID OF IT ALL TOGETHER !
 We would not recommend this coffee maker . We purchased it in April of 2011 . I worked OK until March of 2012 and then it ceased to function . We could find no way to check the wiring or find any fuses . When plugged in the clock kept time but the on switch did not work . We have now replaced it with a different brand .
 I have had this maker for almost four months and it stopped working yesterday . It simply will not heat up and produce my much needed coffee . Not a happy camper here !
 All I was looking for was a good cup of HOT coffee , read the reviews till I turned blue . . this had to be the one ! Well , it 's not , and the coffee is barely warm right after brewing ... what a waste !
 I 'm disappointed . I read most of the reviews here and checked with consumer reports . The 1st time we used it the coffee overflowed and since we were n't paying close attention we had a mess . Investigation showed the # 4 filter had bent over and a lot of the coffee was under the filter . I 'm not sure why this would cause it to overflow . I thought it was an alignment issue with the hole in the top of the pot not lined up with the drip outlet and maybe it was but the pot looked to be sitting correctly . The 2nd time it worked fine . When I went to pour coffee you have to turn the top 180 degrees and this was n't easy because the heat had tightened the top . There is a little top you can put on after the coffee is made to retain heat I presume but when it is on the pot no longer fits in the coffee maker . Maybe you 're supposed to set it on another surface . Finally the # 4 filters do n't fit quite right which is probably what caused my overflow problem . Other reviewers mentioned this . I 'm sorry but I do n't understand how people that design products like this for a living can not see these obvious problems . It is on a UPS truck back to amazon .
 I have several Zojirushi products , including a small coffee maker and a rice cooker . I have been extremely pleased with all of my Zojirushi purchases , so when my old large coffee maker started having problems , I immediately went to Zojirushi for the replacement . Unfortunately , this product does not match up to the level of quality of my other Zojirushi appliances.As others have noted , the lid of the carafe is poorly designed , the filter basket does not properly accommodate the # 4 filters needed for the coffee maker , and worst of all , the reservoir leaks water onto the countertop no matter how much or how little water is in it.There 's no excuse for such poor design , engineering , and build quality . This item is going back.Update
 I have had the Zojirushi coffee maker for over 6 months now . If I had it to do over again , I 'd purchase a different brand of coffee maker . Here 's why
 I bought this coffee maker after having left it in my shopping cart for over 2 years and watched the price fluctuate up and down . It finally dropped to a low enough price that I allowed myself to buy it . I had put it in my cart because a number of my friends had recommended it as a good thermal carafe maker . Plus , I liked the way it looked , and most of the reviews were/are positive.I have now been using the machine for a little over 4 months , and it has just started malfunctioning . I 'm not sure yet what the exact problem is , but after reading ALL of the reviews on Amazon - both negative and positive - I see now that I am not the only one to have experienced problems with this coffee maker.Here 's what 's going on : It overflows with just a few scoops of coffee in the basket -LRB- I 'm using a gold filter -RRB- . At first I thought that I was using too much coffee -LRB- although I had not changed anything in my preparations from the first few months -RRB- , but it does n't seem to matter how much coffee I use . The maker no longer drains from the basket well , and so the water and grounds back up , overflowing from the top , sides , etc.To be honest , I have had small issues with this maker since I got it , but I convinced myself that the problems were minimal . I mean ... it looks so cool , right ? But it 's too tall , and condensed water seems to leak from the carafe all the time , and there 's something black that streaks across my counter every time I drag the maker along the surface -LRB- in spite of multiple cleanings of the bottom of the maker -RRB- . But now this ? I will try cleaning the maker with vinegar and water , but I have never had to do that so early in the life of a coffee machine . And after reading the other negative reviews , where people describe how they have to `` baby '' this machine by playing with how much they screw/unscrew the top of the carafe so it engages with the spring at the bottom of the basket ... who wants to do that ?!? It 's probably not worth it to contact Zojirushi America , especially after reading other people 's experiences , and my time to send the item back to Amazon has come and gone.I 'm going to eat my loss and just get another coffee maker - one with thousands of reviews and a solid 4 + star rating .
 This was only used on weekends mostly and it still died after only 5 months of having it . Just stopped working one day . I had to go back to my trusty $ 20 Mr. Coffee .
 Filter basket overflows . Except for the carafe , the coffee maker is poorly made and looks like a pice of junk . Rickety ! Carafe only keeps coffee luke warm
 Coffee is not as hot as promised by other reviews , carafe is somewhat flimsy and loses heat , and item is clearly overpriced for its quality.Also , unless carafe is left until it is finished brewing down to the last drop , coffee will drip onto the platform.All in all , not recommended .
 This coffee maker is gorgeous coming out of the box ! We could n't wait to try it out . The lid of the carafe , however , was the problem . It screws on to the carafe with just a few turns . In the `` closed '' position , the arrows are supposed to line up with the `` closed '' dot . Evidently , ours was n't threaded correctly , as it never quite got to the `` closed '' position - off by about 1/4 inch or so . As a result , the carafe poured ridiculously , and leaked all over the place . Back it went . Lucky we bought from Amazon ... given it was defective , it was free return shipping , and 100 % refund . No restocking , nothing of the sort . So -- all we really lost was time . Ended up with a Cuisinart . Wish you better luck !
 I really like the style and ease of use of this coffee maker and I REALLY liked the quality of the cup of coffee it brewed . Unfortunately , anytime I set the timer for delayed brewing about a third or more of the water would leak out of the bottom of the unit all over the counter . I returned the product and was afraid to try again given some of the other problems noted by people on this site .
 It does make great coffee . Which is fine if you like slurping it off the counter . My unit leaks from the bottom sometimes . The `` sneak a cup '' mechanism jams open easily and jams closed sometimes as well . Both result in a mess . The carafe lid sometimes does not allow coffee to flow into the pot and it spills all over the place . I ended up having to remove the `` sneak a cup '' mechanism entirely and brew with the lid off to prevent spilling 3 cups of coffee on my countertops everyday . For the price this costs these flaws are simply unacceptable .
 There are Quality control problems with this maker . The coffee made started off medium strength -LRB- at best -RRB- and is now rapidly moving towards brown water . I have had the maker ~ 1 week . The filters do n't fit the basket and the carafe has a weird slow pour spout that is irritating . Apparently they are not made in Japan . It will be returned . Pass on this .
 My Zojirushi coffee maker stopped working yesterday . I bought it 11/12/08 from Amazon -- that 's less than 3 months . It simply will not brew although the ON button is pressed . I am going to try taking it to a service center . There are many reviews that say this same thing happened -- this machine has a problem . But when it works , it brews quickly and the coffee stays very hot in the carafe . We just have n't had coffee for 2 days now . : - -LRB-
 The machine is nice looking but the biggest issue is that the coffee does not come out very hot after brewing ... . which I believe is why it does not taste very flavorful . I bought this based on the reviews but only a few of the many reviews point this out . I missed it when I was buying this but I have to tell the true coffee lovers out there that this is not the coffee maker for you . This arrived yesterday and I plan on returning it tomorrow .
 After only two weeks of use . This coffee maker fails to brew all the water . I 'm glad I kept the box .
 I was happy with this coffeemaker but at 8 months old it 's not heating the water properly so the coffee is lukewarm . It 's still under warranty but I 'm sure it will be a hassle dealing with this . Wish me luck . I expected this to last for many years not months .
 Nice machine , good sized carafe , good tasting coffee -LRB- when it works -RRB- , but the darned thing overflows like crazy . We like strong coffee , and on weekdays we like to make a full pot , but apparently the water gets pumped into the grounds faster than it drips into the pot when there is a lot of coffee in the filter . We were not a good match , so it 's going to be donated to charity .
 We purchased the Zojirushi Coffee Maker in June 2009 . It makes good coffee but we 've a recurring problem with the basket overflowing during the brew cycle and literally flooding the countertop . We 've tried multiple brands of paper filters , different grinds of coffee , all to no avail . The only sure method is to babysit and turn the unit off manually when the basket is draining into the pot more slowly than hot water is going into the basket . Totally defeats the purpose of an `` automatic '' coffee maker . I 've submitted a request to Zojirushi customer service to see if our unit may be defective , but I am pretty much ready to ditch it for something that actually works.Zojirushi EC-BD15 Fresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee Maker
 I bought this April 08 and remember being disappointed when I pulled it out of the box because it felt so flimsy with cheap thin plastic . I thought we would give it a try , and it did make excellent tasting coffee . Kept it hot enough for me for 2 hours -LRB- which is about the same for all the coffee makers like this -RRB- . The lid was very annoying , and often could not be turned open without using a gripper , and you have to take off and put on the top piece each time you brew coffee instead of the lid being one piece . Then one day it just would n't brew coffee anymore . For the price of this pot I would have thought it should have lasted longer and while I enjoyed the taste of the coffee , I do n't think I can trust the quality of this coffee maker again . There should be a section for people to write reviews 2 years later so you know if the products really keep working or not instead of people writing reviews just right out of the box .
 I really liked the coffee , the size , and the features . But the maker died suddenly this weekend , 3.5 months after purchase . It would not start brewing although the lights indicated power.UPDATE
 Makes good coffee , when you can get it to cooperate . The carafe must be placed rather precisely under the valve that lets the coffee flow from the filter ; get this wrong and the machine barfs coffee + grounds all over itself and your counter . The device requires a level of accurate aim of which I am incapable in the mornings before I 've had my coffee.Also , the little swing arm which drizzles the water from the reservoir into the filter does not reliably swing into place when you close the lid . And finally , it 's very easy to hit the wrong button when trying to set the Auto brew feature , and to bump the time set buttons when you 're just trying to turn the thing on . Nice form factor , good coffee but an altogether poor design . I would never buy this again .
 Had the exact same coffee maker for about 3 years and had no complaints until one day it just stopped working . I bought this carafe off of Amazon 5 months ago and experienced the exact same problem today . The coffee pot heated up , brewed about 1/3 of a pot and then just stopped . After I cleaned it thoroughly I tried again and the water would not heat up and it did n't pump water . Luckily I can return to the company for warranty repair -LRB- at my own cost for shipping -RRB- . But Zojirushi needs to bring their manufacturing back to Japan and the US and STOP exporting Chinese junk !!! Coffee is great when it works and the Zojirushi products I have bought that are manufactured in Japan are top notch !
 I was impressed with the flavor this coffee maker produces , but very frustrated with the carafe not keeping the coffee hot . It is also IMPOSSIBLE to loosen the lid after brewing to pour a cup !!!! I had read other reviews , but thought it was surely not so bad . WRONG ! I really wish I had paid attention more to the comments about the lid . Very frustrating . Wish I had paid more for a coffee maker that brewed to the right temperature : -LRB-
 My first and last experience with Zojirushi products went something like this :1 . Opened the box .2 . Removed rather expensive coffee maker from box .3 . Poured water into coffee maker reservoir .4 . Watched water leak out of coffee maker and down over the electronics console of the coffee maker .5 . Swore .6 . Emptied remainder of water from coffee maker .7 . Replaced coffee maker into box for return shipping.I guess when the whole thing is made from rather cheap feeling plastic it must be difficult to seal the reservoir . At least I 'm assuming that is the excuse they would use . Look elsewhere .
 After extensive research , we bought this coffee pot in December 2009 . Today , the buttons on the machine pushed in and would not pop out . After partially disassembling the machine , we found that plastic parts were broken inside of the machine . After only a year and a half of use , the coffee maker is unusable . After this experience , I would not recommend purchasing this model unless you do n't mind replacing your appliances frequently !
 Bought it , used it for 21/2 months then it died . It was beyond the return date for amazon and customer service for zojirushi is awful . I would not purchase it , not reliable .
 I bought my coffeemaker in January and thought that it worked well . I did not have any overflow problems , the coffee was hot and stayed hot , and it tasted good.But , like others , it up and died one morning . The panel display works , but it wo n't heat up or brew . Only 4 months old . Since it was too late to send it back to Amazon , I emailed Zojirushi and got the standard reply to double box it and mail it at my expense to one of the 4 or 5 New York repair centers -LRB- that all seemed to be deep inside NY City - none near me -RRB- . I was warned that it could be weeks before it was repaired and returned because the repair centers were independent.I called Zojirushi and complained that I did not want to pay any additional money for this coffeemaker , wanted a new replacement , blah blah blah , and they finally agreed to arrange a UPS pickup of the unit . I boxed it up and UPS took it to Zojirushi 's Glendale , CA facility according to the tracking.Once I knew it was delivered to Zojirushi , I emailed to check the status and was told that their technicians were working on other products but would get to mine shortly . I guess I ca n't fault the responsiveness of their customer service.I am interested to see what happens from here , when I 'll get my coffeemaker , or a replacement , and how long that one lasts.On a side note , it 's amazing that it is cost effective for Zojirushi to pay repair centers to repair a $ 79 coffemaker rather than just sending a new unit and making their customers much happier . I mean , how much do you think it costs Zoji to manufacture these compared to the repair bill?I have to give the unit a low rating to warn fellow Amazonians that these things do still fail prematurely and the warranty process is a chore .
 It is a below average coffeemaker coffee tastes worse than my old maker the carafe only keeps the coffee hotb for a while not like i expected . cheaply made plastic machine
 I really wanted this machine to work - nice design , good features , good price.The first one I got had the little carafe cap broken . Not a big deal , I emailed the company and they promised to send me another one . About a week later , the unit simply stopped brewing . I called the support line for troubleshooting and they told me to send the unit back for replacement.I sent it back and Amazon shipped another one out promptly . Everything was fine the first day , but when I picked up the carafe the next day , the bottom came right off in my hand exposing the innards of the seal mechanism for the thermos . The spot welds all along the rim had n't taken and the carafe literally came apart in my hands.Again I called the company asking if this was normal . Again they told me to return it and `` give them one more chance '' . So I tried to - like I say , I really wanted this machine to work.Unfortunately the response I got from Amazon was : `` As it seems that the problem with this item is more widespreadthan we originally thought , we are not able to send anotherreplacement . `` Probably just as well , after going through 2 units in under 2 weeks , the chances of the third one lasting anywhere near as long as I 'd want it to are about nil.So you can roll the dice and perhaps get yourself a good one - I did it twice and unfortunately got 2 lemons in a row.Buyer beware . -LRB- I never did get the replacement cap from the first one . When I called about that , the rep I spoke to told me that they get so many calls that it 's impossible for them to follow up on each one to make sure it was resolved . I can see why they 're overwhelmed with support calls and it 's even more disturbing that customer service lets things slip through the cracks like this ... -RRB- -LRB- about a month later -RRB- I replaced this with a Braun KF600 ... the choice is obvious having had both machines
 I got my significant other this machine for Christmas , along with a conical burr grinder and an excellent -LRB- if I do say so myself -RRB- selection of beans from a great micro roastery.When I received the package , I was immediately disappointed by how light it is . The construction does not feel solid at all . but I shook off my concerns and continued . We plugged in this baby to take her for a spin , and as we poured coffee into the reservoir , water began to leak out of the bottom of the machine . It did n't stop until the reservoir was empty . Having already applied for our warranty , we called the company only to be told that our best bet was to go through Amazon if we were hoping for a new device rather than repairing the one we had . We went through Amazon and the new machine showed up in a day.We plugged in THIS baby to take her for a spin , and as we poured coffee into the reservoir , water began to leak out of the bottom of the machine ! It did n't stop until the reservoir was empty !! So this time instead of ordering a replacement , I will be ordering a refund . I think the Cuisinart line is looking good ...
 The side of the pot leaks by the clear plastic piece that tells how many cups . Also if it is not completely alined with pot it will run all over . This has happened more than once when I used the auto on . You wake up to one big mess . Not worth the money I spent .
 Made descent coffee , carafe is nice , nice looking and work fine till it died . Got to replace Bunn HG that I need to send back every two or three months because they keep dieing . Well time to pull the Bunn out of the box again and look for something else before this one gives up the ghost and I have to send it back to Bunn for the forth time .
 My wife and I bought this from Amazon in mid December '04 and were quite impressed with its speed and ease of use . A couple of weeks ago , we discovered the maker was starting to kick off before the all the water had been passed out of the reservoir and into the basket . So , in order to make an entire pot of coffee , someone now has to stand there and keep turning it back on after it kicks off . We 've contacted Zojirushi about the problem , but have n't heard back yet . When we checked other 's reviews of this product , this switch problem now seems endemic with this maker . My hope is that Zojirushi , if it does n't want to lose customers , provides a replacement without customers having to pay shipping costs , etc. to get a new maker . If we do n't get a timely and cost-effective replacement , we 're done with this brand for good , and I think Amazon should think twice about selling this maker .
 After only a couple of months it has quit working ! Paid a lot of money for this unit , so buyer beware ! It quits brewing and I have to repeatedly push the ` on ' button to get it to make coffee . Not worth it ! I went back to my old inexpensive maker . You should seriously consider this before buying this item !!! Not worth the money !!!!!
 I bought this coffeemaker for my mother for Christmas . After she used it for 3 months , it stopped working . This is very disappointing because I paid $ 89 for this model . This is my first experience with this particular brand and I would not recommend it due to poor reliability .
 Zojirushi EC-BD15 Fresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee MakerI am a fairly serious coffee drinker who roasts my own coffee . I currently have a Braun Flavorselect drip coffee maker with a glass carafe and wanted a drip maker with a thermal carafe . After reading the reviews on the Fresh Brew , I purchased it mainly because it was supposed to brew at the ideal 200F temperature . I brewed two pure water runs to clean out the unit and had no problems with leakage . I checked the water running through the basket with a digital thermometer and it read 180F which was discouraging . I then brewed 6 cups of Brazil Coromandel-Fazena Sao Joao . The taste lacked the complexity I got with the Braun and lacked body . The brew water was about 170F . I will be looking for a new home for this coffee maker .
 We bought this machine a year ago and have kept it because we paid so much for it . Sure it is easy to use , but the coffee is never hot enough . Within the first 15 min of it being made it is sort of hot , never piping hot , and an hour after it is made it is only warm . Today the twist on top to the carafe broke and we are so happy to have an excuse to buy a new coffee maker . For sure it will NOT be a Zojirushi .
 The coffee maker works well enough , but it has too many problems for a unit of this price level :1 . The coffee is n't all that hot to begin with and cools rapidly in the supposedly thermal carafe . If you do n't plan to drink it all within a half hour or so , you will need a separate , more effective , carafe to keep it in .2 . If you do keep it in the stainless steel carafe , you 're supposed to use a separate lid to plug the inflow hole . That 's an additional component that is easy to misplace . Once you lose it , you 're sunk .3 . The lid sticks very tightly after the coffee is made , and it has no easy handhold . You can either make your hand bloody trying to open it , or find a dish towel to provide some cushioning . And you have to be pretty strong to get it open.I will use this maker until it needs replacement because having paid for it , I do n't want to just discard it . But I would not buy another one , nor would I recommend it to anyone .
 This coffeemaker made made okay coffee but burnt out after less than six months of use . I contacted the manufacturer . The representative informed me that I would have to ship the coffeemaker to one of their approved repair centers for repair . I stated that this was unacceptable and I wanted a new coffeemaker . No dice . The most they would offer was free shipping to the repair center . In my opinion , a coffeemaker that stops working after less than six months is defective and needs to be replaced , not repaired . Therefore , I 'm sending it back to Amazon in hopes of getting a partial refund . I also thought that the coffeemaker was kind of basic for the price , but I thought I was getting a really good appliance that would last a while . What a joke .
 I 've always been happy and satisfied with Zojirushi product but not this one . The carafe 's lid design is poor . It is generally difficult to open -LRB- not enough edge overhang to hold the lid to turn -RRB- , but worst of all it traps water in cleaning and there is no way to flush it out . No matter how much you shake at every possible angle , the water never comes out or drains out . Very bad design . I want to return it but decided to keep it because of the shipping charge I 'm responsible for .
 I brought this with high hopes but it just stopped working . It is nothing more than one of those $ 10 coffee makers you buy at Big Lots . Besides it not working only after 6 months of rare usage , the coffee does not stay hot very long and really does n't taste any different than a cheap brewer . I am truly sorry I brought this !
 I purchased this coffee maker because I was sick of the burnt coffee that occurs with the typical coffee maker with a glass carafe and hotplate . This one got great reviews so I went for it . It will keep your coffee hot for hours , if there is a full pot in the carafe . As you as you get to maybe half the pot , you have an hour , tops . To make matters worse , after about 2 years , without any warning at all , the coffee pot just stopped working . We opened it up to see if there was a simple fuse to be reset , but there 's nothing you can get to , and obviously after that amount of time it is out of warranty . I think that all coffee makers eventually die , but why spend this kind of money when you can easily get one for a quarter of the price ? This machine is simply not worth it .
 I was disappointed after spending $ 90.00 for this coffee machine . Cons
 The good : * Attractive , space-saving design * Makes excellent-tasting coffeeThe bad : * Coffee maker overflows from the top if you attempt a full pot of full-strength coffee . This is becausethe basket is too small . * Coffee maker overflows from the top if you grind the coffee too fine . * Coffee maker overflows from the bottom if you take the carafe out to `` sneak a cup '' while the the coffee is brewing . This is because the insulating top on the carafe can not accommodate the increased flow from the brew basket if it has backed up . * No `` light < -- > dark '' control on this machine which might have ameliorated some of the problems noted above . * Carafe lid jams closed during brewing due to heat expansion , requires a LOT of force to unstick so you can get the coffee out . * Carafe outer skin is not sealed
 The Zojirushi -LRB- fun to say -RRB- worked well but had continuing problems . First the heating element went out at about ten months . The warranty covered it but it is a two hour drive for me to the authorized repair shop and I was without a coffee maker for three weeks while they got a new element . Then the carafe top split into two pieces . I am very good with adhesives but four tries with different adhesives failed to keep it glued . Between the heat and the torque to open and close it , it would n't stay glued . Then the heating element went out again . This was after the warranty , but the repair shop went to bat for me and Zojirushi repaired it for free . I was just ready to try again gluing the top when the distinct smell of melting plastic filled my kitchen . The unit wo n't hold water and hence is useless . Less than two years is an unacceptable life span for any appliance .
 I purchased this coffee maker about 3 weeks ago - I am sending it back today . There have been problems with water leaking from whoknowswhere , the filters are too big , entire unit is flimsy and cheap and today there was coffee all over the floor and kitchen counter ... . the carafe is difficult to open and close , the little top plastic lid is annoying and I keep inadvertently changing the clock . The only positive thing I can say about this coffee maker is that it is fairly quiet when brewing but on the whole it is a mess .
 Worked great for 1 week , then it just quit . Would n't brew for anything after 5 days of use . Really nice looking , and made great coffee when it did work , but for some reason it did n't last . We did use hot filtered water in response to some of the other reviews here that said that it did n't stay warm long enough .
 The first worked great . Nice , hot , good tasting coffee . But the 10 's unit on the display stop working on the 3rd day . It made it difficult to set the time . Amazon promptly sent a replacement unit . The 2nd unit had a slow leak . The first morning I found approximately 1 cup of water had leaked before it started brewing . It was very evident that it was coming from inside the unit not an accidental spill . I had high hopes for the unit from all the user reviews . It did make a good cup of coffee but I ca n't put my faith in a brand that became defective within days . I will look for a different brand .
 I ca n't believe all the good reviews on this machine . I bought one at the Target sight , and was so glad I could take it back . It was so slow pouring from the thermal pot , and the last cups could not be poured unless you took off the lid and completely tipped it over . Also I tried different kinds of coffee , all with the same results -- bad . To get a decent cup it took double the grounds of my old coffee maker . Way over priced .
 This product brews an ok cup of coffee . The only problem , and it is a big one , is that it often overflows . If the pot is not placed correctly , the brew cycle continues and brews onto the counters and floor . I have woken up to this mess a few times to many and am fed up . Time to look for a better brewer . I was dissapointed in the quality for the price . I bought it because I own the Zojirushi rice cooker and other wonderful products by them . The coffee maker is not one I would reccomend .
 This is a nice coffee maker . The coffee that it produces tastes good and it keeps the coffee hot for a long time . I have only two complaints .1 . The lid is very hard to open if it is closed tightly . This is because there is a very small area to grasp on the lid . The lid needs to be improved in future models .2 . The pot will drip almost every time you pour a cup of coffee.Other than those two items , this is a good coffee maker .
 My brother bought me this coffee maker for Christmas , but I picked it out . It was a big mistake . It just stopped working after two weeks . The indicator light would go on but nothing would happen.I wish I could say I miss the Zojirushi but I do n't . Even when it did work , it would leave about a half of inch of water in the reservoir . As other reviewers said , you 'd have to push the `` on '' button repeatedly to get it to force more water through , but it would never totally empty the reservoir . I 'd end up pouring the excess water out into the sink.Another inconvenience is the cap that goes on top of the decanter after the brewing process was over . It 's a nuisance keeping track of that cap.I replaced the Zojirushi with a Mr. Coffee that is comparable in features but is a whole lot better . The coffee is just as good and stays just as hot for several hours . There 's no cap to fool around with , and the built-in clock also functions as an indiglo nightlight for the kitchen . Finally , the basket-shaped filters are easier and neater than cone-shaped filters if you use a coffee mill to grind coffee.It 's not worth the time or the hassle to try to return this piece of junk under warranty . I bought the Mr. Coffee at Target on a Saturday morning , knowing that it would n't be a big deal if I needed to return it .
 After doing much research and reading countless reviews , I settled on the Zojirushi EC-BD15 . In the past , I 've had Krups , Cuisinart , etc. , all of which had the warming plate feature . So I decided to forgo that idea and give the thermal carafe a try , sans warming plate . I am a daily coffee drinker and a self-proclaimed coffee snob so I thought maybe the warming plate was indeed impeding the taste of my coffee . I 'm not sure that was the case . The first pot brewed using the Zojirushi was good , but not `` bowl me over '' good . Nevertheless , I was looking forward to a long love affair -LRB- well , maybe just `` like '' affair -RRB- with the Zojirushi . All hopes were dashed when brewing the second pot and the machine just stopped brewing mid-cycle . Stopped . After the second attempt at brewing . I only had the machine two days!By the way , I was willing to live with the ill-fitting filters although they required either folding over or cutting to size . I was also willing to live with the carafe cap that needed to be removed before brewing and tended to get in the way of my minimal cupboard space . I would have overlooked the little quirks had the Zojirushi lived up to expectations . Since it did n't , the quirks just became salt in a wound.While I normally am not a negative person and generally hesitate to write negative reviews , this seemed necessary . -LRB- On a brighter note , Amazon was fabulous with the return process and promptly refunded my money including shipping ! -RRB-
 The coffee maker would not turn on and started to leak when we first put water in the tank .
 Sadly , this coffee maker lasted for only 30 days of use . Today it made only 3/4 's of a pot of coffee and stopped ... now it no longer makes any at all . This appeared to be a nice coffee maker , but looking through the reviews I missed that over 10 % of the people rated it with only a single star . That is pretty bad quality in the long run . Do n't be fooled by the ratings , you will be rolling the dice with a coffee maker that may not work . Buy something else that will last longer than 30 days.My mistake was buying it in November as a gift - and then gave it as an early Christmas gift - it is too late to return it to Amazon -- so now I have to deal with the horrible customer service and pay to have this coffee maker shipped to them .
 I purchased this coffeemaker based on the great reviews . However , it is terrible :1 . When the water is placed in the machine the night before -LRB- programmed to go on in the morning -RRB- , the coffee is barely warm . I know you can pour warmer water in the coffeemaker right before making it , but what is the point of programming it for morning use if it ca n't prepare hot coffee ? 2 . It is tall , bulky and cumbersome .3 . After being used about 5 times per week , it broke after 2 months of use . Just stopped making coffee , I followed the manual , and used it according to directions .4 . The coffee is not very good .5 . It is expensive . Why waste your money on this?Don ' t waste your money ! I rarely write reviews , unless I wish someone had told me re the problems w/a product in advance . Unfortunately , that is the case w/this machine .
 I read the reviews of this coffee maker not knowing the brand at all . The reviews were very positive , so I decided to give it a try , but was very unhappy with its design . First , it is much taller than most makers and barely fits under kitchen cabinets . Second , the coffee filter area is tight and does not fit most cone filters . This crunches the top of the paper cone leaving grounds in the holder -LRB- more cleaning required after each use -RRB- . Third , it is true the controls are poorly placed on the right side of the maker -LRB- why , I do not know -RRB- . This makes it very difficult to start and program without moving it from a good location on the counter . Fourth , the carafe top is in three parts which I am sure I will loose the top cover had I kept this maker in my home.So , as you can tell I returned this item due to its poor design and I am still searching for a suitable replacement .
 I 've had this coffee maker for 6 months now . I ca n't recommend it . Why?There are so many awkward things about it .1 -RRB- The basket is not easy to seat . You have to continually turn it until it finds its right place .2 -RRB- If you do n't seat the basket correctly , the water overflows in the basket and you have grounds and coffee all over the counter .3 -RRB- The carafe must be seated exactly . If it 's a 16th of an inch off center the water again overflows and ditto to # 1.4 -RRB- It 's not easy to see the little red ball that indicates the water level .5 -RRB- The carafe is awkward to pour . It spits and sputters whether full or almost empty . Ergonomically , it is the worst I 've seen .6 -RRB- Items 1 - 3 happen about once every two weeks ; 4 & 5 happen every time .7 -RRB- I recommend you look elsewhere . I preferred my Mr. Coffee for $ 15 .
 After reading such rave reviews , I ordered this coffeemaker which was not a great piece of equipment . My current coffeemaker is a Melitta and I felt that it made lukewarm coffee at 175 degrees . Starbucks has me spoiled with near-scalding temperatures . I purchased this Zojirushi primarily on the feedback from one reviewer about the 195 degree temperature output . So I did my own testing upon receipt and after using water both room and tap temperature water , I found that it was no different than my Melitta . I also found the tall height a bit cumbersome and the overall feel of the product chintzy . Lots of plastic , very lightweight construction . I also over-poured water into the reservoir for the first test and had a lovely mess all over my kitchen . The water reservoir literally has a hole in the chamber so excess water pours directly out of it onto the counter . So for really hot coffee , I think the best I 've noticed is from Mr. Coffee . So I 'm back to pre-heating my thermos cup and cream to get really hot coffee . Thanks Amazon for the speedy credit and easy return .
 Used the product for two weeks and quality of the coffee is acceptable but encountered an unwelcomed surprise this morning -- freshly brewed coffee on the counter , floor , drawers and behind the frig . Seems that the carafe lid and the valve in the grounds holder will no longer stay aligned .
 We purchased this coffee maker because of the reviews . I will be more cautious in the future . We had a Delonghi coffee maker and were very happy with it until the carafe broke . Did some research and purchased this one . The cap to the coffee maker holds water that you ca n't even get out without shaking it vigorously . I contacted the company and they kept sending me replacement caps . They all did the same thing . I even drilled holes in it for more drainage but it did n't help . Will buy something else the next time .
 I 'm a fan of Zojirushi products , but it was my first experience with its coffee maker , and my high expectation was dashed by the quality of its brewed coffee , which tastes like water , even with extra coffee grounds put in . I 'd exhort Zojirushi to fix the design of this machine , to deliver higher-temperature water . The design is beautiful and elegant , but alas I can not drink the design , so am returning this product with regret , and sticking with my current favorite , the KitchenAid coffee machine -LRB- KCM222CU -RRB- .
 First of all , on the Zojirushi , the lid on the carafe has raised edges , and they are very uncomfortable on the hand when trying to remove the lid . -LRB- I 'm a paramedic and lift weights regularly , so no , I do n't have delicate hands -RRB- . Second , the `` water-viewing system '' is very poor quality . It takes no small amount of time for the little red ball to rise when water is added , and most of the time , it must be tapped to get it to move . It has now stopped working completely . Third , it does not keep the coffee warm very long . And yes , I even warm the carafe with hot water before I run the maker . I end up having to microwave nearly every cup ! I am in the process of attempting to return this piece of excrement ... -LRB- By the way , I had a Gevalia carafe before this one , and it was wonderful -RRB-
 I have a rice cooker by this same company and it is the best . This expertise does not transfer to their coffee makers . This coffee maker reminded me of the ones you get for free when you sign up to get auto delivery from some of the coffee companies . The vacuum bottle is pretty good but almost all the rest is soft plastic , that does not fit together that well . I believe one of the buttons stayed depressed and stopped the whole thing from working . If this was 20 dollars , I would have chalked it up as a lesson learned , but at 75 it really made me mad .
 1 . Coffee carafe lid poorly engineered and clogs if coffee grounds overflow filter basket . This happened on three occasions including course ground coffee as instructed by manual . Due to the poor engineering of carafe lid the unit can not be used unattended . -LRB- Coffee flows all over the counter -RRB- This is a critical part of the unit design for timed auto start .2 . Carafe spout design pours very slowly and prompts the user to open it further that results in the lid coming off and spilling the coffee.Returned the unit and went back to Consumer Reports for recommendations .
 I am a nut for extremely hot coffee and bought this in haste simply because the reviews said it made hotter coffee than the cuisanart and boasted 200 consistent temperature . IT DOESN `` T !!! I bought my last coffeemaker -LRB- Saeko -RRB- from Starbucks simply because I thought it would make hotter coffee than my cuisanart and I was disappointed by the temperature as I am with the Zojurushi Fresh Brew . It is no hotter than my last coffeemaker and in my quest for really hot coffee without scalding it on a hotplate I ignored the rants below about the pour ability of the carafe but now that I have it I know what they are talking about . Its ridiculously difficult to pour a cup of coffee from the carafe . And how can they claim this allows you to grab a cup during brew without dripping . The drip continues no matter whether the carafe is underneath or not and this is a brand new unit . The designers must have been out to lunch
 Had high hopes for this but what a let down . Coffee is drinkable right after brewing . Not hot . The thermal pot holds &#34; warm &#34; coffee for about 2 hours . My old -LRB- 15 years -RRB- Krups thermal pot 's coffee was almost too hot to touch after 5-6 hours in the pot . Will start looking again for another replacement . It could be I got a bad one but still disappointed in the brand .
 The bad : . The pad the thermos sits on is thin plastic and is already cracked . . It has this movable plastic spout for delivering the hot water to the coffee which is bound to break . . The shiny thin black plastic scratches easilyThe good : . Makes good coffee . Clock and timer very easy to setup . Thermos is light and seems to insulate wellOverall it seems very cheaply made and I doubt it will last as long as my precious Krups had .
 The coffeemaker was defective , BUT , even if it had n't been , I was totally unimpressed with the quality . I 'm not sure where they get off charging so much for this thing ... it 's actually not even as well made as a Proctor-Silex or other more popular , less expensive brand .
 We took the coffee maker out of the box , followed the instructions , and ended up with water poured all over our counter.I attempted to pour water into the reservoir more than 6 times afterwords , and every time , the water leaked out directly from the bottom of the coffee maker and onto the counter . I was afraid that we would end up electrocuted due to the water running right though the electrical parts of the machine.Take the advice of the reviews , and avoid this model/brand . Ended up buying a Cuisinart and am quite happy and satisfied with it .
 I did a lot of research before buying this product . I wanted a carafe so we could keep the coffee warm without using extra electricity or burning the coffee . Do n't buy this one . The heating element broke within a week of use . I sent it back , got a new one , and it did the same thing . It 's not an electrical issue , the clock still worked . It just would not make coffee anymore .
 Like many unhappy buyers of this coffee pot , I did substantial research before I bought this maker -LRB- I bought a Zojirushi Rice cooker before ; and that was super -RRB- . I was totally shocked to find out the timer and the power went out of order after only 1 day 's usage !! None of the buttons worked . I tweaked and tried different electrical outlets in the house without success . The carafe looks good , but the whole machine is useless nonetheless :--LRB- Unfortunately , the machine was bought 3 yrs ago ; only I waited 3 years to use it . So the warranty expired a long time ago . What a huge disappointment !! What a waste !!
 Though this coffee maker was highly rated by Consumer Reports , I could not get hot coffee out of it . I did an internet search , and found the temperature of the water I used might affect the temperature of the coffee . Instead of cold water , I tried room temp and hot tap water . Still only lukewarm coffee . The design is more appropriate for a left handed person . Too bad , I was really lookong forward to using the thermal carafe .
 I have a `` Zojirushi EC-BD15 Thermal Carafe Coffee Maker '' from Amazon.com on December 13 , 2004 . At first the unit worked well and we were very happy with it . In the past week the unit has stopped working . Seems that it starts to brew and stops before the pot is completely brewed . Most times it only brews one or two cups and stops brewing . If we start brewing again it well brew another one or two cups and then stop again . I can no longer brew a complete pot.I can no longer return is since it 's past Amazon 's 30-day return policy . I have contacted the manufacturer , but their offices are in Japan so I can not imagine I 'll be sending it to them for exchange . So I 'm stuck with a $ 70 piece of junk .
 I love my Zoji rice cooker , so when it was time to get a new coffee pot , I decided to get this conundrum . It is a mix of really great things and really dumb things.Great : Makes a large pot of hot good tasting coffeeI can tell already that the pause and serve will not break anytime soon unlike every other pot I have ownedEasy to put in coffee and water , if you do n't use the stinking carafe for water -LRB- see below -RRB- . Unbreakable CarafeAwful : I read all the reviews about how the lid to the carafe shreds hands so I screwed it on loosely and it still was locked solid after it heated up . Turns out you only close it when you want coffee not to pour , you can leave it a few turns loose at all times ... so OK , but I cut my hand on the damn thing.The stinking pour spout is so small that it takes 30 seconds to pour a cup of coffee . I tend to unscrew the cap and dump coffee out of the big opening . This is nearly unacceptable.Size 3 filters -LRB- got scissors ? -RRB- I was warned , but my leftover 4 's do n't fit very well after cutting them.The clock and controls feel cheap which is so unlike my rice cooker although now that I think about it , there is no way to turn the rice cooker off -LRB- you have to unplug it -RRB- . I would n't buy this again .
 Pros
 We bought this coffee maker because of its many rave reviews . Be aware
 When my old Krups AromaControl thermal carafe coffee maker gave its last gasp after 5 + years of service , I knew we did not want to go back to the glass carafe/burner model . After going through reviews for about 2 weeks , I settled on trying out this Zojirushi as it seemed to be the best bang for the buck.It arrived tonight , I brewed a pot of water through it , and then logged on to print out the return paperwork.Pros -LRB- from my limited use -RRB-
 CU give this product a good review so I bought it - I 'm now doubtful about how Consumer Reports evalutes products . It does make a good cup of coffee but the overall design leaves a lot to be desired . The lid of the coffee maker is poorly designed - thin with fins that protrude . It is very uncomfortable , almost painful , to open and close . If you close it too tight you 'll need to get a towel to protect your hand from the fins in order to open it . If you do n't `` perfectly '' line up the carafe when brewing you 'll come back to a countertop full of coffee - we 're VERY careful now to be sure it 's just right . In order to add coffee you have to move the drip arm out of the way and then back again after you fill the water - not a big deal but another annoyance . It comes with a separate cover that you must put on the carafe to keep the coffee hot - something else to clutter your counter . It 's also too easy to accidentally push the time buttons and realize too late that your coffee did n't get made the next morning because the time was off . I really do n't feel that , considering all the problems with this machine , that the coffee was that much better to deal with all these quirks .
 I just called customer service about the overflow issue with this coffee maker . It is unreliable and consistantly overflows - making a mess of your countertops and and drawers near it . Zojirushi first commented that they had never heard of this problem - even though it is posted all over the web . Then they changed their tune , and asked me if I was grinding my own beans - as that could be causing the problem . I brought to their attention , that if this machine could not handle fresh ground coffee , it should be advertised as such . I am throwing this machine in the garbage - where it belongs , as I do not have the time in my morning to watch my coffee brew , and jump up and pull the plug when it starts overflowing . Zojirushi needs to step up to the plate , acknowledge they have a design flaw , and refund any monies spent on this useless product .
 This COULD have been a good coffee maker . The coffee stays hot in the stylish metal carafe . And it tastes good too . BUT - - - oh my goodness , how many times have we had to clean up an `` overflow '' spill . So many !!!!!! No reason for this to happen . Even when we minimize the water and coffee amounts - spills aplenty . Not good .
 One of the biggest disappointments in a coffee maker purchase that I 've ever made ... it 's poorly designed , cheaply constructed , coffee never seems piping hot and just does n't brew a good cuppa jo ... should have returned it but just never got around to doing so . I would highly UNrecommend it .
 I was really hoping for the best with this item , but it is not to be . This coffee maker only reaches the optimal brew temp of 195-205 degrees for the last 2-3 cups of water . The first 7-8 cups brew around 180-185 degrees . I even tried pre-heating the water on stove to 100 + degrees before pouring it in and brewing , and it still ca n't brew higher than 185 for the first 7 or 8 cups . Might have to spend the $ 300 on a Technivorm , or just use my $ 36 Northwest Glass Yama Stovetop Coffee Siphon for the best coffee we have ever had .
 Had a Krups Aroma Control for about 7 years until the heating element broke . Bought this because of the positive reviews but was very disappointed in the quality of the coffee . Using the same amount of water and coffee as I did with the Krups , this unit brewed coffee that tasted bitter and weak . Also , as other reviewers mentioned , the temperature is too low and when cold milk is added you wind up with a lukewarm cup of coffee . I 'm returning this and purchasing the Krups Moka Brew which will hopefully make coffee similar to my old Krups unit .
 Though highly reviewed , I could n't help but think that the folks who reviewed this positively must not be coffee drinkers . The top on the coffee pot is very hard to remove because it has small spokes around it which provide the only `` grip '' to open it , and the spokes cut into your fingers - so much so that at a minimum , you need to open it with a towel -LRB- I 'm 40 and mechanically inclined , by no means frail -RRB- . Other than that , the machine itself is made of the thinnest and cheapest plastic I have seen in all the coffee machines I have bought over the years . If you buy this , you will return it .
 I am looking for a good coffeee maker that makes hot , flavorful coffee and keeps it warm for a while . I now use a Krups Mocha Brew , which fills the bill for hot and flavorful , but does n't keep it warm , and does n't have a timer.This coffee maker makes luke warm coffee , not too bad , but not hot , and the karafe cools it off in a hurry . I returned mine as best I could . It was hard to fit back in the box . Anyone have any suggesstions?I think a $ 24 Mr. Coffee is probably as good as this .
 Great unit until you get to the carafe . The carafe top is difficult to turn , and you have to turn it if you want coffee . The carafe does n't cleanly engage with the filter basket , if you do n't precisely place it . The carafe , when closed will leak if someone tries to pour coffee . The carafe top requires a separate top to seal the hole so the coffee does n't cool off . But the seal is n't tight , so coffee can leak out if someone tries to pour it and the carafe top is in the `` closed '' position . Overall the carafe system is unnecessarily difficult and awkward to use . So much so we had to return ours.The rest of the unit is beautifully designed . Timer . Controls on the side -LRB- where spillage wo n't seep in -RRB- . Water level indicator . Thermal carafe -LRB- so coffee does n't get ruined by overheating , yet stays warm . It 's as though the designers just did n't complete the job , and the unit was produced prematurely.This should be a 5 star unit .
 I was very excited with my new coffee maker initially.Great features , easy to use , nice looking etc. . I 'm verydisappointed with the taste of the coffee . I spent a month trying different brands of coffee , various grinds and several different water/coffee combinations with no success . It basically makes a lousy tasting cup of coffee . Very little flavor and it has a `` bite '' to it . I 'm very disappointedwith the flavor .
 I think this machine is lame . It is not solid what-so-ever . The carafe is a joke - as my coffee is luke warm within two hours . A small piece of plastic -LRB- the `` lid '' -RRB- you have to put on after brewing just does not cut it . The review that mentions it does not really take a `` 4 '' filter is right on ... you have to be carful the hot water spout -LRB- not sure what that is called -RRB- is over the ground beans and does not get hung up on the `` 4 '' filter paper ... or you have a mess on your hands . Maybe I got a lemon - but the water also does not saturate the beans , leaving part of them actually dry after the brewing cycle . Weak coffee and a waste of beans!This machine is NOT worth anywhere near the $ 80 - $ 90 price tag . I would rather have a $ 30 Target special Mr. Coffee at this point ... no joke .
 Ca n't any coffee manufacture make a hot cup of coffee ? The claimed 195 degrees I measured at 151 in a warmed carafe right after it made coffee ... . false advertising ? Warming the carafe and cup before before I poured the coffee still results in a Luke warm cup of coffee ... . Do n't waste your money .
 I have owned several thermal carafe coffee makers . This is undoubtedly the worst . Several times it has forced the coffee grounds out of the filter , into the basket , and plugged the drip mechanism . It then spills al over the counter . The coffee is also not very hot and gets cold more quickly than any other thermal carafe coffee maker I 've ever owned . This is going to the trash and I will replace it even though it 's less than two years old .
 This is the second time this coffee maker has failed , and of course there is no way to send it back to Amazon.com . Second failure within the year warranty . Buy a Mr. Coffee . JUNK , JUNK . Please do n't waste your money on this product that is sure to fail .
 When we first got this , it can not pour out of the carafe without unscrewing the entire lid . Then , after just having it two weeks , it malfunctioned EVERY time and ruined a kitchen rug - spilling all over the countertop . I would NOT recommend this at all .
 The Zojirushi EC-BD15BA Fresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee maker purchased in August 2010 was a problematic performer from day one . The basket mechanism had early on occasional overflows which became routine overflows from the basket base . The carafe top does not align well with the basket mechanism and contributes to the ongoing problem with inconsistent flow/blockage from the basket unit to the carafe . Yet another very messy coffee/grounds overflow at month 10 of ownership was one malfunction too many - the Zojirushi EC-BD15BA is not reliable and appears to have mechanical problems that make the unit a poor performer . A very disappointing purchase .
 Nice sleek design . Keeps coffee very hot -- sometimes -- if you do n't rinse the carafe with hot hot water first then not so hot.Nice programable feature . Coffee just does not taste good . You must have a carafe with some sort of glass thermal inside.These type of coffee thermal pots give coffee a weird taste . Sorry I bought it !
 Terrible , i had $ 20 coffee maker last longer than this . Brought last year January , and this morning it wo n't brew . Great , it 's just out of warranty last month . What a garbage coffee maker , cost me nearly $ 100 .
 This was a great coffee maker until it stopped working one month after I bought it . The water leaked out everywhere and there was no way to resolve the issue other than to return it . Amazon.com is the best and made the return a very painless transaction . I love Amazon but I am really disappointed in this Zojirushi coffee maker , it really let me down big time .
 spout too narrow takes forever to pour , coffee filters do not fit properly so folds over often , if you remove pot before it is ready it spills over and continues to spill when you replace the pot . the coffee it makes is decent but the constant clean-ups and the forever pour -LRB- do n't try to make it go faster , it 'll just flow over the sides -RRB- are not worth it . i wish i had never bought .5 / 10 LESS THAN ONE YEAR LATER IT BROKE . I WILL NOT EVEN PURSUE THE WARRANTY BECAUSE I AM GLAD TO BE RID OF IT !
 Terrible coffee maker ! Coffee is luke warm within an hour of brewing . Get the Cuisinart -LSB- ... -RSB- instead . Coffee is still HOT in the Cuisinart 6 hours after brewing .
 In terms of what it 's used for I think it 's good -LRB- not great -RRB- . Some pros and cons : Pros : - It brews coffee really fast.-Thermal carafe is an excellent . keeps warm for long time.-Timer comes in very handyCons : - I had to exchange due to leak in the carafe lid and even the exchaned one is leaking too -LRB- not as bad as first one though -RRB- . it 's an internal leak where water/coffee sips into the lid whereI ca n't get it out . this is the reason for 2star.-Too tall . it barely fints under my kitchen cabinet -LRB- miner -RRB- - puring the water is not as good as other coffee makers I 've used before . there is no way to measure water amout you are pouring unless you use measuring cup.Anyways , that 's my review . if it was for lid leaking I would say it would get 3 stars but leaking lid is not acceptable , especially 2 in a row .
 I had this coffee maker for over a year and the lid was ALWAYS too difficult to untwist with your bare hands . I always had to use a towel or the rubber pad used to open cans . Many times I gave up and had to had my husband open it for me . The worst of it is , that is how it pours - you have to twist it to get your coffee out - no easy button to open the spout . We kept is so long because the coffee stays hot and delicious . However , life is just too short to keep an appliance that DAILY causes you strife . I wish I had returned it as it is quite pricey .
 I have a 10-year-old Zojirushi bread maker so I was excited to get this coffee maker . It is marketed as commercial grade so I did n't mind paying more for it . Unfortunately , I would not recommend this coffee maker because of the carafe . It is VERY difficult to open after brewing coffee . Definitely not for the elderly or anyone who makes coffee first thing in the morning.My other complaint is the plastic cap that goes on top of the carafe lid . It is designed to keep the heat from escaping after brewing . The problem is if you forget to remove it before brewing the next pot . If you forget the coffee will end up all over your counter and floor . It shold have been designed to prevent the carafe from fitting back under the brewer .
 I bought this item and did n't start using it until 9 months ago . After only two weeks , the automatic timer stopped working . Now , 8 months later , it stops brewing and to brew only 6 cups worth I have to press the on button 3 or 4 times , because it keeps switching off . Called Zojirushi and of course they said it was past the warranty date and insinuated that I was lying about the time it was actually used for -LRB- he said that paople say all kinds of things -RRB- . Will never buy another Zojirushi product !!!
 The first arrived with a water leak over the control panel and it was returned . The second works , but there 's nothing special about it . Other machines keep the coffee hot as well and are not so difficult to open . The plastic is cheap too and you have to turn the machine to see water level and controls . I do n't need an extra plastic piece to keep the coffee hot . Even using a gold platted filter -LRB- not gold tone -RRB- and freshly ground beans the results are the same as my reliable Braun . It 's being returned to the vendor .
 This seemed to be the only coffee maker I could find with a cone filter and thermal carafe . Bought it and loved it until it died 16 months later . So I bought another one since everybody can have quality control issues . The second one died after 8 months . I wo n't buy a third - sorry guys ; somebody else can have my money .
 I love my Zojirushi vacuum-bottle thermos , so I thought they 'd make a good coffee maker . Despite being somewhat on the pricey side , this coffee maker was quite disappointing.The biggest problem I have is that the Thermal Carafe is not glass but stainless steel , and just does n't keep the coffee very warm for long . I live near Denver at 5500 feet , and water boils at a lower temperature up here , and it shows up in that a lot of coffee makers make luke-warm coffee . Even the fancy Scandinavian ones . The coffee is pretty hot at first , but after 15 minutes it 's noticeably luke-warm . In the glass vacuum bottle carafe , it 's good for several hours , but that does n't work with this coffee maker . But I stuck with it because the timer is handy , and it makes more coffee than my alternate , hand-brew / cone filter set up.The cone is designed so that a standard # 4 filter -LRB- Melitta , for instance -RRB- is just a bit too tall , and you need to fold the top over to get the water dispensing arm across . The arm is supposed to move as you close the lid , like some other coffee makers , but it spills coffee since the cone is n't deep enough for the paper filter . Another quarter inch would have done it.Also , the opening and closing of the bottle is awkward -- the bottle has a brew-through lid , but you ca n't pour coffee out until you twist it 180 degrees . It tends to stick pretty tightly after a new round of coffee is made . Yet , despite this awkward opening , there 's a hole in the lid -LRB- where the coffee goes in -RRB- that does n't close , and lets heat out . You 're supposed to put a separate lid on , which can only be done after brewing , and there 's no place to stow this lid as part of the coffee maker , so it has to go on a shelf or in a drawer somewhere you can find it after brewing the coffee . Bad design , especially compared to Zojirushi 's elegant glass vacuum bottles with a simple thumb switch to go between Open and Closed.Now , after having it for six months , it suddenly stopped heating the water . There 's nothing inside that 's user serviceable , according to the manual , and having bought it at a local coffee shop rather than through Amazon , I seem to have lost my dated receipt , so I ca n't return it . Ah well , another lesson learned . A better coffee maker is
 We bought this coffee maker based on so many great reviews on Amazon , as well as on other sites . We had high hopes for it , only to be disappointed.What I like
 I could n't turn the lid which is vital when brewing and then serving . The plastic swelled up and would n't budge -LRB- the design is too flat I think -RRB- . Also , the coffee was n't too hot . Judy
 Bought this coffee maker one year and a month ago . Worked great for a year and actually bought one for my in-laws this past Christmas . Sorry I did now . Stopped working one month out of warranty . Impossible to get a response from mfg. Same problem other reviewers were having . A few days before it went out completely it would brew half a pot and stop . Love the thermal coffee maker idea now and will be buying one from a quality mfg.
 Very disappointed with this coffee maker . Had a slow leak that we did not discover until we found out that it had saturated the underlayment on our tile countertop for about two weeks and caused about $ 2000 in damage to the counter . If not for that , I would have enjoyed this unit .
 Point # 1
 1 -RRB- - The coffee was not Hot .2 -RRB- - The Water level indicator stopped working after a couple of pots of coffee were made .3 -RRB- - The Carafe lid was extremely hard to turn to open and close the top for pouring or keeping the coffee warm . It was so difficult at about 1/4 turn from fully closed that we made our hands sore and had to use a dish towel to grip the top in order to open and close it .
 Contrary to it 's claim , this coffeemaker will not accept a # 4 filter . It is also very difficult to open and very difficult to center properly for the coffee to flow into the carafe . Also , the cap to the carafe has to be removed before making coffee . All of these drawbacks taken together make this one of the worst coffeemakers I have ever owned .
 I purchased this product after lots of research . I wanted a coffeemaker that brewed a hot cup of coffee into a insulated carafe . I was very disappointed on how cheaply this coffeemaker is made . It fell apart after only four uses . All plastic pieces . It did make hot coffee and the carafe kept it hot for several hours . I was so disappointed that I returned it .
 Received this coffee maker as a gift in Dec ' 08 . Carafe does not keep coffee hot for any length of time . Can feel warm spots on thermal carafe indicating poor qc on insulation . Manfacturer admits faulty product and will send a new carafe , but I have to pay the $ 10.00 shipping fee . I objected to the $ 10.00 but this `` customer unfriendly '' company ignored my objection.I will NEVER purchase ANYTHING from this company because they failed to fully backed their product . I recommend buying American or from any another company that believes in customer service !
 I am SO disappointed with this coffee maker !! I was really looking forward to getting this so when it showed up at 6:30 pm I said I was making a pot ! Taking it out of the box I found a cheap plastic machine , but did n't want to jump to any conclusions until the coffee was made . Well , I could n't open the carafe to get the coffee out and it took me about 4-5 mins to drain the contents . I am really shocked at all the rave reviews that were listed for this maker . My FREE Gevalia maker makes this look like a Wal-Mart special ! I 'm going to be shaking my head on this one for some time .
 We really wanted to like this product . We LOVE our Zoji Airpot , and when our beloved Bodum Electric Santos finally became too cruddy to look at anymore -LRB- it 's just impossible to clean thoroughly -RRB- we were happy to see that Hammacher had rated this Zoji maker as a `` Best '' and that it had received good reviews here at Amazon . Sadly , however , it 's one fatal flaw for us is that the coffee is just not hot enough -- even when freshly brewed into the carafe . We really tried to convince ourselves that it was our imagination , but it was n't . So ... the pot went back and we 've opted for the Cuisinart DCC-1200 in Black and Stainless Steel . Not QUITE as good a cup of coffee as the Bodum , but close ... and hot !
 The sweeping part of this Bissell works just fine but as many other reviewers have noted , the handle falls apart if you breathe on it wrong . My husband actually screwed the sections of the handle itself together but now it separates at the point where the handle meets the sweeper . And do n't bother reading the directions about how to put this together . The handle problem persists no matter what you do.I 'd recommend getting down to your local chain store -LRB- as much as I dislike recommending any of them for anything -RRB- and get a carpet sweeper with a handle that 's in one piece . This one is not worth the hassle .
 The other reviews convinced me this product was what I was looking for - quick and easy cleanups in between major vacuuming . I unpacked it as soon as I got it and tried it out on the cracker crumbs on our hardwood floor left from lunch . What it would pick up was only the smallest of crumbs , and even some of those it just brushed around on the floor . I decided to return it immediately . Problem now is getting the handle unassembled to repack .
 This thing basically self destructed the first week . The handle pieces would n't stay together and when I pushed down on the handle to tighten the pieces together the base fell apart . Not worth the money ! I was very disappointed .
 I ordered this sweeper to pick up after my granddaughters withouthaving to take out the vacuum.What a mistake!This is so poorly made . The problem is that the handle does not stay on.When you push it the handle comes off in your hand . I tried everything to fix it with no luck.Would not recommend this .
 The handel falls apart - kinda picks up dirt - i would not purchase this again Bissell 2402B Sturdy Sweep Sweeper
 This is junk ! I used to own a real Bissell carpet sweeper ... 1970 's ... If I had found this at a garage sale I would have thought it was a child 's toy
 I was not pleased with this product . The sweeping area is too small . The rubber hose detached . I would not reccommend this product .
 I had done quite a bit of research on carpet sweepers ... I thought I had looked at some ok reviews on this sweeper . it is awful . it is loud , moves things around on the floor , whether it is carpet or tile . Did n't work worth a lick . I ca n't tell you how disappointed I am in bissell . Please do n't waster your money . If you can go to a garage sale or a thrift store , get one of the old ones that just pick up everything , you only have to go over an area once and you do n't have to pick the stuff up yourself.this sweeper has two rows of brushes and rubber at each corner . it did n't pick up anything and the noise it made was as loud as a small vacuum ... horrible , DO NOT BUY IT .
 I loved `` helping '' my grandma clean when I was little . My mom had one of these for years . I was looking forward to buying this and giving the same memories to my kid . Too bad every time my kid picks it up , he cries because he thinks he broke it . I 'd rather try and dig out my grandma 's old one , it 's designed so much better and is more reliable than this one . It 's not priced cheap but it 's definitely built that way ! The handle comes in 4 pieces . You push the pieces together and smack it against the floor and it 's supposed to stick . It just falls apart ! My husband took it out to the cement stairs and hit the handle pieces together himself and it still comes apart . I 'm going to J.B. Weld the thing because I 'm tired of picking up the sweeper and reassembling it each time before I have to use it . It 's not a ` quick ' clean if you have to rebuild your cleaning tool each time!Then , when I try to bend it -LRB- for sweeping under the coffee table , etc. -RRB- I have to put my foot on the base and push the handle down , because it does n't swing easily on its own . It also still only works for heavy carpet areas . If you have thin carpets , linoleum or hard wood floors , do n't buy this . Go for the natural sweeper , it has bigger brushes and will actually pick up a few of the kitchen crumbs and dirt.I contacted Bissell and asked for a single piece handle and to see if they would at least put the little ball bearings and cut out holes on the handle , so it would snap together and lock in place . Instead of answering my question or even better , sending a solid handle , they sent me a form letter to the effect of `` we 're sorry your sweeper has malfunctioned '' and shipped out a natural sweeper . The handle still sucks , there was no response on how or if they are going to fix it , and I 'm stuck with gluing together another product because of shoddy design factors . Fun .
 I 've had carpet sweepers before and was looking forward to getting a Bissell which I 'd heard was the best around . Big disappointment . sorry but this one 's cheaply made and does n't do as good a job as the $ 20 no-name product I had before . The dual bristles and side bristles add nothing . The 3-part push-together handle keeps falling apart even tho I re-installed it according to the directions 3 times . `` Sturdy '' it is not . I do NOT recommend this product .
 I bought this sweeper in the hopes that it would do a decent job of picking up the cat hair in my kitchen , but it hardly picked up anything . Very dissappointing .
 This sweeper is more like a child 's toy than an adult 's tool . It works only when pushed in the forward direction and barely does the job for small quick pick-ups . -LRB- If you pull it toward yourself , it just jumps all over the place and spills what little it has picked up . -RRB- My husband dislikes it even more than I do . Would not recommend unless purchased for a child .
 I am very disappointed with THE BISSELL STURDY SWEEP SWEEPER . It does not perform well , at all . I can sweep over a small bit of paper 15-20 times before I actually need to bend down and pick it up by hand . It pushes dirt around the floor before sweeping it up . It 's a total waste of time on carpets and does absolutely nothing ! I went with Bissell because of its good name . I expected a reliable product that I could depend on . This is not it ! I am not at all happy with this purchase !
 I wanted a quick way to freshen the white carpeting -LRB- came with the house -RRB- without dragging out the big vacuum . I remembered using a Hokie way back when I was a chambermaid . But this ai n't it.It worked acceptably on bare floors but no great performance . One the rug , it pushed the dog hair so it would pile it . It would have been funny looking if I had n't waited so long to get the sweeper and then , had to send it back .
 it fell apart the first time we used it . the handle didnt stay attached to the bottom part of the unit .
 Handle keeps coming apart when you try to use this sweeper . Very annoying to use because of that . Does not clean that great either .
 I bought that sweeper a month ago , and I can say that it was a very bad purchase . I have a wood floor and the sweeper makes a lot of noise , it is impossible to clean in the edges or corners and its head does n't turn . I do not recomend ti buy this product , in addition the stick has three parts which separate constantly
 Very disappointed ... brushes very weak matted together after 1st use ... wont pick small things up off hardwood or rugs ... do n't waste your money !
 this handle does not stay on and takes a lot of elbow grease . I was dissappointed .
 it works good on carpet and it is definatly only for in between vacuming . save your money and go with the swivel sweeper ; its cheaper and runs on a motor and works soooo much better .
 The picture made me think the cleaner would turn like the swivel sweeper but it does n't . If you try , it will break . Bah !
 I really wish this sweeper worked properly but it just does n't . All the reviews about the stick falling apart are true . I do not see how it is possible to enjoy using this sweeper when the stick always coming apart . You have connect about 4 pieces of metal to create the metal pole which connects the little sweeper to the handle but within a minute of normal use it falls apart and does not stay together.For the few seconds it did stay together it did clean my rug pretty well however it is completely useless for ceramic tiles . I did n't try it on hard wood floors however based on the terrible performance on ceramic tiles I bet it would be useless on hard wood floors .
 This does clean up hair , dirt etc on the carpet really well.On the third use the handle kept coming apart.Have put it together with electrical tape , but the bottom still comes out ... Totally annoying . Bissel really could fix this problem quite easily and should .
 I wanted tis sweeper mostly for my kitchen floor . Turned out to not pick up well on bare floors . It is good on carpets though . Try a more expensive one , I would say , if your need is as mine
 This sweeper works better on the carpet than regular floors.I used it in the kitchen , but it really does n't work.It is really noisy when you moving itThen one I saw half piece of peanut on the floor , i sweep it , it does n't work.and you have to touch the bottom of sweeper to open the dust tray.So i suggest use these money to buy a good normal sweeper .
 I ordered 3 of these for my office . I ordered the darker color . When I received them they looked nothing like either of the pictures . They were not a light wood or a dark wood color . When I returned them I was charged for shipping -LRB- again -RRB- even thought it was not what I ordered . All in all I spent over $ 100 dollars to get something that was not listed correctly . I would not order this again .
 The fountain arrived and there was a hole in one arm and paint was peeling off . I contacted the seller for a refund , but received a replacement instead . The second fountain was brown/bronze - except for the face , which was green . It actually looked like a small child took to it with green finger paint . After contacting the seller again , I finally did receive a refund for the item , but not for the shipping and handling . Additionally , it seems to have been a long process , as I ordered this over a month ago and am first receiving the refund now . When I have received other damaged items from amazon.com , I have been promptly refunded in full .
 Just a bit thicker than aluminum foil . Construction so flimsy that it flexes when pushed into the dough and will not cut clean through as a result . Avoid this one like a plague .
 I was looking for a 4 '' doughnut cutter and purchased this product . I received the product bent a little bit and upon closer inspection I noticed the middle , smaller hole , was not exactly center . It is a very cheap , flimsy material and I have know idea how it will function as doughnut cutter but I have a feeling it 's not going to work out well at all . I feel the list price of $ 35.99 is very misleading . It 's NOT worth the $ 7.90 I paid for it , after shipping .
 This donut cutter is very thin and flimsy , avoid this item . It shipped in padded envelope , was bent when it arrived .
 This item is a waste of time and money . I make doughnuts a lot and have used different cutters and this item is not worth it . It is cheap tin and wo n't hold it 's shape . After using it once I stored it where it belongs ... in the trash can .
 I try and try to use this , but the handle keeps coming apart . I will have to glue it in order to use it .
 I unpackaged it all put it together -LRB- really easy -RRB- , . . threw out the box and waited to use it . When I finally used it it barely picked up anything . I really had to keep going over the same crumbs and dust bunnies to get it to sweep it . I think that the bristles do n't reach the floor enough to do the job . I was really disappointed in this product but for what it would cost to return it it was n't worth it . I also might add that if you have a really thick carpet it might work better for you , I was looking primarily for a bare tile , floor item that would pick up crumbs etc. . However a sweeper is a sweeper and it should to the same job that a broom would do . My Grandmother had one many years ago and it was like magic ! This one is cheaply made also . Hope that this helps .
 I saw many good reviews from the other buyers before ordering it , but I was so disappointed . As I held it in my hand to try it for the first time , it was noisy and inflexible for operation -- it was just like a funny toy for kids . The performance was no better than a regular broom that can really clean every corner . I returned it the next day !
 I looked at the reviews for this sweeper and decided to get one . What a waste of money ! It wo n't pick up much , a hair here or there , maybe . The brush is VERY soft . It would work great if the brush was stiffer so that it could grab on to the stuff on the floor . Oh well , you get what you pay for . As for the others who like it ...
 I wish people that had problems with the handle would not have given the item so many stars . I admit I neglected to read the reviews ahead of time because I was in a hurry , but also because it 's a cheap , simple sweeper with 4 stars . How could I go wrong ? I agree that the sweeper part works well , but the handle is junk . Sure , you could tape it , but even at the price you should n't settle for something so poorly designed . If only all the parts of the handle screwed in , or locked , it would be fantastic . But they do n't . It fell apart on me 3 times in less than five minutes.I 'm returning it immediately .
 The Bissell Swift Sweep picks up fine but the handle is a piece of junk . The parts do no interlock and no how hard you bang it , it falls apart immediately . Compared to the Rubbermaid sweeper I had for 15 + years -LRB- which finally gave up the ghost -RRB- , it is a waste of money , with no hand grip to speak of.Bissell Swift Sweep Sweeper , 2201-2
 Do n't buy this . It does pick up bitsies well . But it has one limitation and one fatal flaw that landed it in the garbage . The limitation is that it is ineffective along edges . The fatal flaw is that the three-piece pole falls into three pieces as you use it , after just a few strokes . I spent more time picking up the pole pieces and reassembling than I spent cleaning . And taping it only works temporarily . Did n't the manufacturer test this at all ?!?!? To replace this darn thing , I bought the Dirt Devil SD20000RED Versa Power All-in-One Stick Vacuum Cleaner for $ 20 on Amazon . It is so much better for essentially the same money !
 I bought this carpet sweeper to leave in our travel trailer -LRB- aka caravan in British -RRB- , but I started using it at home because its so easy to whip out and clean up the rug in my living room even several times a day -LRB- Baby & 3 kids & dog & cat = dirty quickly -RRB- , or to whizz around the hardwoods under the highchair . My kids can use it and actually like to use it without the huffing and puffing that comes with a vacuum cleaning request . It does a great job of picking up Labrador hair , food particles and dust bunnies and I empty it each use . However , you knew that was coming right ? However , the actual product is frustrating ... the handle falls apart everytime -LRB- there are 4 sections that slot together -RRB- , and the handle bracket comes out of its hole everytime too . The fundamental design of this type of product has not changed in years but this model seems to be a poor design . The handle needs to be either one continuous piece or each section needs to screw to the next . And the bracket -LRB- goes over the top of the sweeper to which the handle attaches -RRB- needs to be more securely fastened to the body . As soon as I find a better replacement , it will relegated back to it 's original intention - occasional use in the travel trailer !
 Sweeper was easy to put together , no problem with handle falling apart . Light weight easy to push . It only picks up about half the stuff from my carpets . Brush is not very stiff . Will not pick up cat hair . I bought it just for this purpose , for quick cleaning between using the heavy vacuum cleaner . Maybe a higher price one would be better . Will not buy another one unless I can feel the weight for the brushes .
 The handle came apart and gouged our new wood floor . A couple of sheet metal screws permanently fixed the problem . Now , the rubber gasket surrounding the base keeps coming off . Spend a few more bucks and get a decent unit .
 Had to send it back.Maybe this works on hardwood floor , but on carpet it does not.The handle assembly is flimsy at best .
 This is a small carpet sweeper . I should have looked more closely at the dimensions . It works fine just takes forever to go over an area to clean ... back and forth over and over to get the job done . Assembly is easy , BUT , the handle sections do n't stay together and I had to tape them . Storage is interesting because the handle does n't `` lock '' in an upright position so when the closet door is opened out comes the handle . If there was a hole on the top of the handle it could be hung on a hook because it weighs next to nothing but then if the handle was n't taped together it would fall apart . Not a good value for the price .
 The handle pieces really could have been better made . Such as the way a certain floor duster handle has interlocking pieces at each end so that once the piece is in place , it is locked . My Bissell handle has not managed to stay together , even after striking against a hard surface as the instructions suggest . Disappointed .
 Ads for this sweeper are very misleading . I 've used it 3 times and each time it has only picked up some dog hair and nothing else . It will never pick up
 It did n't seem to be picking up anything on the tile floor , so I swept and then tried using it to pick up what I had swept - it took SEVERAL Minutes just to get most of what I had already swept to get picked up . Then I went to empty it , and the handle came off and most of what it had finally picked up got dumped back all over the floor , to be swept up again.It is worse on carpet ; hard to get it to pick up anything at all .
 All the caveats written by other reviewers are true . I had to use duct tape to hold the pieces of the handle together ... and then the two prong piece connecting the pole to the sweeper itself broke ! In other words , this is a perfect piece of junk . I 'm still looking for something reasonably sturdy to sweep my carpet effectively when I 'm not using the vacuum cleaner -LRB- which I do twice a week anyway -RRB- .
 You have to put the handle of the sweeper together as part of assembling the sweeper . However , there is nothing to hold the pieces of the handle together ... so it falls apart frequently ! I read a review about the defective handle before I bought the product . I thought that it might be a `` one time '' thing with the reviewer that mentioned it . Well , low and behold , it happened to me as well . Its difficult to use when the handle falls apart all the time . And I even tried to duct tape it ! It did n't help .
 First of all , I have been a big fan of these sweepers since I was a little kid . I love quiet tools that get the job done . This one is not a quality , built to last one from the past by any means . Yes , most of us idiots -LRB- using some other reviewers words -RRB- can figure out how to tape the handle together because yes , it does fall apart . If you 're lucky , it wo n't hit you in the shin the first time you put it together and try it out . Just be careful when you lift it to empty the catch bins , it could bruise half your leg and ankle as it did for me . But in spite of this , it is n't JUST the awful handle pieces that fall apart , the rubber around the base and the entire handle pull away from the side of the base while you 're using it . It makes quite a mess as it falls apart and opens on your rug . I for one and sick of worrying if I am going to have a bigger mess to clean up , or have to put it back together every time I use it . I 'll be looking for something else . Maybe I got a dud but I ca n't believe that such a simple , time-tested product would be so poorly made . If I could find a vintage one that was clean , I 'd buy that instead . At least the price was cheap . JMHO
 The sweeper is indeed easy to assemble , but as other reviewers point out , the handle must be taped securely.I was never able to do that and finally gave the sweeper away . It is worth just what you pay for it .
 The metal pole holder literally snapped off . It 's beyond repair . Used it 3 times . I was pretty disappointed . IT also picked up close to nothing .
 I purchased this because it had good reviews and it was a Bissell product . This was primarily for my office , which has some low-pile carpeting , and it barely gets anything done . This may work well for a home or ` normal ' house carpeting , but is pretty bad for low-pile -LRB- most office spaces -RRB- .
 I had to use duct tape to keep the handles from falling off . It 's annoying how ghetto is looks with the tape , but it stays in the closet . Sweeps ok , but I use the Swiffer for finer stuff .
 The handle will not stay together . I have `` hit '' it so many times trying to get the pieces to stay together . It lasts for about two minutes then the handle comes apart while I 'm sweeping my kitchen floor . It picks up most stuff but not all . If the handle would stay together long enough to do my kitchen and foyer , I 'd give it three stars ... But having the handle come apart repeatedly
 The telescopic method used to assemble the handle pieces must have been designed by someone who really really hates Bissell . Hard as one tries to securely insert one piece into the other , unpredictably but inevitably the two separate while sweeping . This renders this sweeper essentially useless , unless you crouch down to use the small rod without the extension.That 's too bad because it does a fairly decent job picking up crumbs and small particles . I use it on a Persian rug , on tile in the kitchen , and even does well with kitty litter on tile floor.A 4 or even 5 star product had they used a screw-in mechanism or a spring action secure lock to fasten the extension to the base rod . But they did n't . So it 's a sucky 2 stars for this one .
 Never received product because you delivered to wrong person and wrong address . Have previously advised you about this but have yet to have any response . Not good , Amazon .
 Got it out of the box , and swipt it across the floor and the brush fell out and it continues to fall out . I would not buy this product . Ca n't even use it in camper , more work then it is worth ...
 This did not pick up anything we needed it to , except cat hair . It did n't even push the stuff around , just ran over it .
 I have used sweepers like this in the past with decent results , but this unit does not seem to work as well as I had hoped . We purchased it in the hopes of using it in between vacuums . My daughter 's room always gets little bits of debris all over it , and I thought something like this would help her keep it clean without dragging the large vacuum all the way upstairs . Like other reviewers I had the issue of the handle falling apart occasionally , but the big issue is that when someone is carrying it around it seems to leave a trail of debris behind it , especially when it is bumped into something like a wall . It also seems to take forever to actually pick something up . Using it is an exercise in frustration because it seems like it would be quicker to just get down and pick it up by hand . Just when you think you got that piece you were going for it dumps it off again about 3 feet away , and you get to start all over again trying to pick it up . I still have n't found a perfect solution for cleaning my daughter 's floor , but I can tell you that this unit is not it . We have four cats and four birds so a lot of what we are picking up is fur and feathers , though my daughter 's room seems to always have bits of paper on the floor . It does not seem to pick up any of these up well .
 The handle is weak and keeps falling apart . It is simply poorly manufactured . spend more money and get something that works .
 This Bissell Swift Sweeper model 2201-2 was too small to be useful . It actually seemed to be a toy . Only good use would be for a kid to help & follow Mom as she uses a full sized Bissell or a regular vacuum cleaner . I got stung with shipping costs to return it back to Amazon . Did n't make me happy since I bought two .
 I would have to review this sweeper very low . It does sweep well when it stays together but the handle keeps coming apart in 3 places . They should have made it one piece !
 Do n't waste your money on this product . I could n't agree more with one review I read that the handle always separates and now the base came off the handle . It does sweep well but the handle or something else always breaks everytime you use it . It is just not a well made product and in my case , it scratched my floor .
 We were happy with this product while it worked . It was inexpensive , picked up food our toddlers dropped on the carpet quite well , and was quiet and convenient to use . However , the fact that it broke after 3 months does n't make it seem worth it . We are now considering getting a quiet vacuum cleaner or higher quality carpet sweeper instead .
 It breaks all the time!la escobilla de en medio se cae cada vez que lo uso desde el primer d&iacute;a !
 This item does not work very well and falls apart easily . Poorly made and not reliable . I truly felt like this was a waste of money .
 I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS SWEEPER . THE HANDLE WOULD NOT STAY IN PLACE . EVERYTIME I USED IT , THE HANDLE WOULD FALL APART . I WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM AT ALL .
 I bought this to use in my cubicle so I did n't have to be annoying and use an electric vacuum . The rug is very flat and not shaggy at all , & I think I 'd be better off with a broom and dustpan to pick up anything on it than this sweeper . You have to really push the thing and go over things many times in order for anything to get picked up - even something as simple as a bit of paper from a spiral-bound notebook 's torn edge . Also , the design placing the roller brush in the very center of the head is unfortunate and makes it so that you ca n't get it to do anything near walls/edges unless you can move the sweeper with its sides up against them -LRB- I would expect the roller to be in the frontal part , not the center -RRB- . Anyway - does n't work for me . I 'll probably toss it .
 As I put this sweeper back into the packaging to return to Amazon , I could not help but think how much we have surrendered our country and quality to China . To save a few bucks here and there , we 've settled for stuff that would have been laughed at a few decades ago . Bissell used to be a quality product , but now it 's just another piece of light gauge , does n't - fit , falls-apart , never-works manufactured crap from the Chinese . The handle kept falling apart at mid-section ... funny part was I could not get the other part to come undone to fit into the package for return . If only the rest of the item was as well-built . I guess I will keep looking for a decent sweeper at garage sales and estate sales , hoping to find something made in the 60 's .
 I purchased this after reviewing the reviews . I was hoping that it worked ; as the reviews were mixed . I bought for the hardwood floor and it is completely worthless . It picks up nothing . If you use on carpets/rugs , it works OK but for hardwood/tile-save your money . Very disappointed .
 I bought this for quick clean up on my living room wool rug . The bristles were flimsy and bent over easily . It did n't pick up cat or dog fur from the rug . Further it did n't work well on the tile floor . I returned the product , the return process was super easy and amazon was awesome about it .
 What 's a sweeper without a reliable handle ? Handle was installed according to instructions , fell apart and repaired multiple times . This product defect has persisted for too long . Until it is corrected , this sweeper will be of little use .
 Can this sweeper replace my broom ? I 'm sorry to say , but NO . It was the reason I bought it in the first place , to replace my broom and use in between vacuuming.things it ca n't do : does not get into cornersdoes not get right next to the wallnot as quiet as my broom . -LRB- loud and squeaky enough to wake up my baby -RRB- not as thorough as a broom.so after I 'm done with this thing ... I still need to go over again with a broom!things it 's good for : spills in the middle of a room that has low pile carpet , such as berber . That 's the only thing my broom ca n't do well , but that 's what a vacuum is for .
 The handle broke about ten minutes after opening it . I read the instructions and used the hammer for the assembly . The handle snapped in two . It was made out of cheap metal . The sweeper head worked well from what I saw with limited use . It was light weight and looked nice . After the handle broke Amazon took it back and I purchased another kind of sweeper . Too bad this one was n't very durable !
 I bought this because the reviews seem to be pretty good . The handle comes in 3 pieces and they do n't interlock or anything , so I had to use tape to keep them together . A few weeks later , this rubber belt came off . I 'm not sure why it 's there in the first place because the sweeper can still sweep . It works , but it 's ugly . I 'm not sure what else will come off next . I would not recommend this product .
 Every piece you put together comes apart and you have to glue it or smash it cuz it gets you so frustarated . The rod between your hand and the sweeper is a two part thing you put together but comes apart every time you use it . The rubber bumper around sweeper comes off every time so I do n't even use that any more . the Top handle comes off . Ca n't Amazon sell something made well form Iowa or Ohio like the old ones ? They were a dream to use ten or more years ago !
 This carpet sweeper could n't pick up cat hair from the carpet -LRB- which was my primary goal -RRB- . It caught some , but the rest it just pushed around . Not acceptable .
 The manufacturer 's description is misleading . It sounds like it 's an all-around basic sweeper , but it does not work on hard-wood floors . Sure , for carpets , it 's quite helpful , but that 's not why I bought it . We have the pricey vacuum for our one and only oriental carpet -LRB- I have allergies -RRB- . I wanted something to pick up all the debris my kids bring in on our hardwood floors , which cover the remainder of our house . The sweeper picks up nothing . Literally , you can run it over the same spot 5 times , but you 'll be very lucky if it picks up anything . It 's really meant for carpets -- the rollers inside use the friction with the carpet fibers to pick up debris . Without that friction , nothing happens.Yes , the handle does n't work on mine either , but that did n't concern me
 Works for quick jobs on carpet , but was disappointing to find out that it absolutely does not work on hard floors . On hard floors it simply pushes dirt / garbage around .
 UPDATE
 This sweeper is basically worthless . The brush that is supposed to pick up items is too far away from the sides of the dustbin , so that you must bend over and use your hands to move debris away from walls and furniture for the sweeper to catch it . Same goes for debris in the grout grooves ... the brush does n't reach 1/8 of an inch below the level of our tile . As long as I 'm bent over to move the debris to a position that this sweeper can catch , I might just as well pick it up myself.As noted by other reviewers , the handle falls apart frequently , even though we followed instructions for assembly , and `` banged '' it as recommended by other reviewers . The only good thing is that the dustbin opens easily for emptying what little debris is collected .
 They did n't even give you any tape to tape it together . Handle is in 4 pieces , no threads , so everytime you use it the handle falls apart . It is like something for a little girls playhouse . : - -LRB- Bill in Las Vegas
 Breeze to put together , getting it to stay together is a different story . Yes , the handle does break apart ! The size of the sweeper itself is that of a childs toy and picks up just as well , if not worse . For the price , I wish I had bought the less expensive Bissel at Walmart . Oh , and the mess I had with shipping was awful ! Please , do n't waste your money on this item .
 First , and most importantly , the server does n't keep the coffee hot . It does not have a glass thermal lining -LRB- I should have known to look for that feature before I purchased this product . -RRB- After a half hour in the server , the coffee is lukewarm and I have to reheat it in the microwave.Secondly , the screw-on top has some features that seem to serve no purpose - a button on top that I assume is intended to release the vacuum so the coffee can be poured out . It does n't work , you have to loosen the lid itself . Also , the lid comes apart into several pieces for cleaning I guess . But it collects coffee inside the hollow lid and then that coffee dribbles all over the place .
 Sure , it looks nice enough without anything on it . But if you plan to actually hang coats and umbrellas on it , pick something else . It 's tippy and it does n't hold very many coats without the pegs cracking and breaking off . It 's cheap , but you 're getting less than what you pay for . It could n't last a winter when being used by only two people .
 I was very disappointed with my item . . different than the one advertised . The connecting points off balance ... had to use a rubber mallet to pound them in place . I guess you get what you pay for .
 i bought this barely a year ago . it is made of very cheap lightweight wood . we did n't abuse it , it only had a couple of coats and hats in our two-person household . but the other day one of the three wooden base tripod pieces cracked . it was n't fixable and so it went in the trash . i understand that you get what you pay for , but i feel that if i wanted to spend only $ 20 , i wish i would have bought a metal coat rack that would have been uglier but more durable . this one was defnitely flimsy and unstable even before it broke .
 Serves its purpose . It 's o.k. and will do . It was easy to put together , although it 's flimsy , not sturdy at all.Unfortunately , the seller I chose to make this purchase from sent the item with a small part missing and for some reason the item had a terrible , very strong chemical odor . Decided to keep , after airing it out a few days before hanging anything on it .
 This pan looks great . The first time I used it , nothing stuck . The second time I used it , things stuck , but not too badly . Tonight , the third time I 've used it , and this time with spray oil on it , I 've had to let it soak , scrubbed it out , and am letting it soak some more . The pan is very square , with inner corners that are hard to clean when things stuck , so it 's just a pain to use . The grill part is okay , it 's the pan part that is troublesome . I 'm going to go shopping for something else.Unless you like washing dishes , do n't buy this thing !
 I really really did . But after using it , I have to askWassup with this `` nonstick '' coating ??!!! On the plus side : - Perfect size for my two-person household-The metal pan itself is obviously well-constructed , heavy-duty , and high quality.On the minus side : - This is the only minus , and it 's a big one -- enough for me to rate this pan 1 star . The nonstick surface is crap.I 've owned this pan less than three months . The first thing I made in it was a roast chicken , using the rack . Normal pan drippings on the bottom after use . The rack came clean easily , but the pan ... . Oh , the pan ! I tried cleaning the chicken gunk stuck on the bottom by hand , using Dawn dishwashing liquid on a soft dishcloth . Gunk still stuck . Finish was clearly stained . -LRB- This after filling the pan with plain warm water to sit while we ate dinner and cleaning it immediately after dinner . -RRB- Cleaned it a second time the same way , using the same soft dishcloth with Dawn only more forcefully . Some gunk still remained . Could n't believe my eyes . Was that really food still stuck to it or stain ? Ran a fingernail lightly over gunk on the inside side of the pan , and I do mean lightly , just to see if the gunk was really gunk or stain . Guess what ? The `` nonstick '' finish came right off . -LRB- I 'm still not sure whether it was gunk or stain , but at that point it did n't matter . Whatever it was came off along with the coating . -RRB- So okay . I decided I could live with stains on the pan , and we would n't be ingesting food cooked directly on the small area of flaked nonstick coating on the inside pan wall.Next time , I made a meatloaf . Same gunk , same cleaning method , more stains.Last night , I made coated boneless chicken tenders . Came out great . This time I was ready for the cleaning drill . Used Dawn Power Dissolver , following the directions carefully . Sprayed the usual stuck-on gunk and let sit for ~ 30 minutes during dinner . -LRB- I know what you 're thinking . No , I did n't spray it anywhere near the scratched surface mark on the pan wall , only the pan bottom with the still-intact but by-now heavily stained nonstick coating . DPD 's label says not to use it on `` scratched nonstick surfaces '' which this was n't . -RRB- When I went to rinse the pan to clean it , the nonstick coating came off in large clumps . I repeat
 This pan , billed as non-stick and broiler safe , is neither apparently . I followed the packaging instructions and washed it before using . I used it to broil pork chops and when I pulled the pan from the oven , I found the meat drippings fossilized on the bottom of the pan.I 've been soaking it in water for 8 hours now , and the drippings are STILL stuck on the bottom . I also noticed that the nonstick surface is already scratched off the bottom of this pan.I am not impressed . In fact , I 'm deeply disappointed in this product .
 the apron is not cloth at all its plastic like , still a nice apron but just not what i was expecting
 Because of your late delivery , I did n't get this item . I got your confirmed email for that but I have n't had my money back yet . What happen ? I 'm not in the USA . Please return my money back soon !!!
 I think that it was made crappy and that the screw already broke before I started to use it ! I think that it was n't worth the amount that it was priced for !
 Quality of everything except the steak knives is about what I would expect for a $ 30 set , reasonable but certainly not nice . The steak knives on the other hand do not meet even those exceedingly low expectations.The steak knives are horrible and do not match the set . Rather than matching stainless handles they have cheap badly made black plastic handles -LRB- soft easily dented plastic -- vaguely reminds me of recycled tires -RRB- and the blades are flimsy . Same construction you find in supermarket paring knives -LRB- the $ 1.99 for a set of 6 type -RRB- . I 'd sooner use the butter knives for steak .
 I got these about a year ago . I tried using them several times after buying them , only to frustrate myself . Every time this bakeware is used , the smoke detector goes off about a million times . . and I 'm not burning anything ! Not to mention these things are so flimsy , it 's hard to get things out of the oven without them spilling . Food DOES stick to the silicone as well if not sprayed . I only use this bakeware when I absolutely have to -- when my others are dirty .
 I opened my new T-FAL deep fat fryer and upon plugging the cord in it would not allow insertion . It has special safety features with plastic shields that retract back into the plug . -LRB- God knows why as there are 550 million other appliances using the standard 3 hole receptacles -RRB- . On mine the middle ground hole has a shield that retracts with springs and ball bearings the size of ant eyes that failed and would not allow the plug to insert.Now I have to send my old brand new one back in with proof of purchase -LRB- out of box failure -RRB- and wait to get a new one . And I see they are around 15 bucks should I choose to buy one.I only wish a T-FAL rep who read reviews would go out into the factory and look at one of these cords and see how stupid it is . Taking safety to a higher lever is fine if you put the quality and resourcefulness into the thought proceI Googled the failure and I am not the first to be looking for a new cord.Ohterwise I think I will like the fryer.Mike
 While online buying a butter dish to replace this one I thought I ought to take a minute and explain why this dish did n't work for me . It 's glass , it 's slippery , and it 's wider on the bottom than on the top . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've got to take the lid off and it 's slipped out of my hands . Enough . I ca n't stand it . It 's off to the garage sale box as soon as the new one gets here .
 This product might be useful where there is not enough space to keep a larger receptacle for recycling . Eventually , though , this will be emptied into a larger bin -LRB- preferably one with a bag to block ants -RRB- . When the bag is full , it will be taken to the recycling center or -LRB- like me -RRB- stored until Earth Day comes around in April of next year for double the going price on aluminum cans . This container would best be used with diet soda cans only -LRB- and rinsed often -RRB- in a small environment before being dumped in a larger bin .
 This log basket is very thin sheet metal.It has no structural stability.The basket is warped and deformed , even before you put wood in it.Load it with wood and it collapses - totally useless junk!Very flimsy and poor construction .
 I purchased these plates from a major department store not amazon but thought that I should warn you about my experience . I have only used these plates a few times even though I have had them over a year . I began to notice that they are crazing . I had no idea that new dishes craze . If you dont know crazing is where it looks like the glaze has broken but the dish has not -LRB- creating a spider web look -RRB- . It has something to do with the firing temperature and glaze . They really look horrible . I have many vintage dishes from the 50 's and none of those are crazed . I had no awareness that new dishes craze . What is going on in the firing process that caused these dished to craze . I also noticed that one of the plates is now cracked . I have only broken one plate in my life and that is when I dropped it n a concrete surface from 5 feet above . How on earth this plate become cracked I dont knwow.Steer clear of this items because it will not last . I have Fiestaware and it is great . no crazing and very durable .
 I purchased these plates from a major department store not amazon but thought that I should warn you about my experience . I have only used these plates a few times even though I have had them over a year . I began to notice that they are crazing . I had no idea that new dishes craze . If you dont know crazing is where it looks like the glaze has broken but the dish has not -LRB- creating a spider web look -RRB- . It has something to do with the firing temperature and glaze . They really look horrible . I have many vintage dishes from the 50 's and none of those are crazed . I had no awareness that new dishes craze . What is going on in the firing process that caused these dished to craze . I also noticed that one of the plates is now cracked . I have only broken one plate in my life and that is when I dropped it n a concrete surface from 5 feet above . How on earth this plate become cracked I dont knwow.Steer clear of this items because it will not last . I have Fiestaware and it is great . no crazing and very durable .
 These towels are gorgeous , extremely large , and very plush . We 've had them now for almost a year , have washed them every week , and they still look like new ... feel thick and soft , with no pilling , no threads hanging -- they are just luxurious and fluffy and delightfully BIG . We just love them , as do our guests who visit , who always comment on them ... `` we love your fancy towels '' ... they are just lovely !
 Do n't purchase these towels ! The only good thing I can say about this product is it 's soft . Once water came into contact with the towel the dye drastically faded on one entire quarter of the towel . This was n't a defect with just this bath towel , it also occurred with the hand towel of the same color . When I laundered the towel , so I could return it to Amazon , my washing machine was full of the `` lint '' from the towel ... literally a hand full of lint . These towels should be removed from Amazon.com .
 I do NOT recommend . The towel is big in area , but very thin . Good towels are THICK , that 's the main thing . These are n't ! I was DISAPPOINTED .
 Do n't purchase these towels ! The only good thing I can say about this product is it 's soft . Once water came into contact with the towel the dye drastically faded on one entire quarter of the towel . This was n't a defect with just this hand towel , it also occurred with the bath towel of the same color . When I laundered the towel , so I could return it to Amazon , my washing machine was full of the `` lint '' from the towel ... literally a hand full of lint . These towels should be removed from Amazon.com .
 Want
 Although buckwheat pillows are great and the best for me , I am extremely disappointed with this purchase . I bought two to replace a Sobakowa pillow I bought years ago . Although the box clearly states `` Fits standard size cases '' this pillow is TINY . A third of the size of a standard pillow . The ads fail to mention the insufficient dimensions . My original pillw was a normal standard size . These pillows are travel size at best . Basically a rip-off and false advertising and not enough loft to deliver the benefits . Look elsewhere for a better and normal size pillow !
 I suppose if your neck is not always in knots this is a great pillow . Also , I was thinking this would be a bigger pillow . I ca n't say anything bad about the pillow , but I need an extra something . I am still looking for that perfect pillow .
 This heater worked fine at first , and I did use it for several months . After spending Spring and Summer tucked away in a closet , it failed on the first cool day this fall that I attempted to use it . The heater now shuts off as soon as it gets hot - less than 5 minutes - and goes into reset mode - can not be started again till it cools down . It will start again after it cools , but again will shut down automatically after about a minute . It 's pretty much worthless now .
 We are really paying the price for our cheap Chinese imports now . Holmes products used to be halfway decent , but this is a piece of junk . It seemed okay at first but in just over a week it began to cut off for no reason -LRB- set for 80 degrees , shut off when the room was at 57 degrees , so it was n't the thermostat -RRB- . I had to reset it -- unplug , wait ten minutes , restart -- but it shut down again almost immediately . While the fan IS nice and quiet , it 's almost useless . You have to get within a foot of the heater to feel any heat.This unit is going back to the store , where I hope to find a heater not made of plastic . My guess is that Holmes paid its Chinese manufacturer less than five bucks for this unit and most of the rest of the price to their shareholders . We wo n't even talk about the pay and conditions for the workers who made it . Keep supporting those free trade deals , folks , and we 'll have more of the same or worse !
 This heater is totally unreliable.I purchased for use under my desk in a cold cold office during winter.I turn it on . It starts heating up . Before the `` fan '' can start blowing the warm air , it shuts down ... I imagine because it thinks it has over heated.I have to wait several minutes before I can try to turn it back on.I will do this several times until the fan finally starts blowing warm air . I have to do this 7-10 times before the fan starts blowing the warm air . By the time my fan starts working -LRB- it does not always start blowing warm air -RRB- half of my work day is done and I am still freezing.WHEN -LRB- and if -RRB- the fan starts blowing , there is usually a strange kind of burning smell . When I asked their customer service about this , they said it could be dust . So whenever I can get this thing going , there seems to ALWAYS be dust inside the machine -LRB- probably because it takes so long before uses before it is usable again -RRB- . Dont bother with this thing . Waste of money , and if you want to get it to work , it is also a waste of time .
 I want to like this heater , it is so quiet . But , in thermostat mode on low heat , the unit shuts itself off and goes into reset mode , thinking it is overheating . What a shame , all 3 units failed miserably . Thermostat mode works fine on high heat , but I need low heat for a smaller space .
 They claim this sheet accomodates a 16 '' drop . My mattress is 15 inches & it does n't come clost to fitting . And I bought three of them . Sigh .
 This sheet can be used one time only as after washing it shrinks . When I used the first time it was much larger than the bed but after I washed it did n't fit anymore . I ordered the biggest size , cal king!Poor quality item .
 This pillow is smaller than I expected and is almost over stuffed . I returned it because the final stitching to close up the hole where the stuffing was inserted was very crooked and went up into the body of the pillow . It cased the whole thing to be misshappen . If you do have dog hair around the house , it will surely attach itself to the backside of this pillow since it 's black . Cute sentiment , quality control needs improving .
 Burned one in my yoga room . I regret doing that very much . This smells like there was a fire in the room . Not a lovely scent like wood logs burning in the fireplace . Rather like pure acrid smoke . Yuck . The package looked like it had been damp at one time as it was misshapen turned hard as a rock in some places . The thin plastic covering over the box was stuck on in spots but dried to a crisp so difficult to remove . Just made me suspicious of the way it was stored . Did n't smell potent and fresh . But I burned it anyway and now have to air out my room for a few days .
 I 've owned more than my fair share of graters over the years , and I 'm always on the hunt for better culinary products and gadgets . When I saw the glowing reviews of this particular model in places like Cooks Illustrated , King Arthur Flour , etc. , I decided to give it a whirl.THE GOOD : * Solid 18/10 stainless blade-plates , and handle . * Wonderfully sharp , and -LRB- because they 're steel -RRB- durable blades.THE BAD : * PLASTIC FRAME
 I bought this grater because it looked sturdy , sharp and specially for the snap bottom which I thought would make the business of grating a lot cleaner and avoid the trouble of measuring everything . Well , I was totally mistaken on all counts . My inexpensive old grater , bought ages ago at the supermarket , was sturdy enough and a lot sharper . Also , the plastic at the bottom of the grater started cracking from day one , and worse of all , the snap bottom keeps falling off , to the point that I have stopped using it at all . Now I regret giving away my old grater since I thought I was substituting it with a much better one .
 I 've had this grater for a few years , and recently it has developed a series of cracks in the plastic , radiating way from the seam between the steel grating surfaces and the plastic body
 Very nice grater until the plastic on the sides starts cracking . Took about 2 years and then it all fell apart , that 's too soon for such a high price . Used about once a week at home and always washed by hand . Bought it because of the recommendation of Cook 's Illustrated . Big mistake . My mother has a box grater she 's used for over 50 years .
 I have had this grater for about a year and yes it still grates cheese quite well but the plastic -LRB- acrylic I assume -RRB- sides look like crap ! The metal grating surfaces flex a little under normal use and it causes the sides to crack at the joint between metal and plastic . It 's not falling apart or anything but it does n't look very nice . I 'm shopping for a new grater !
 Very sharp , produces excellent results . But ... the dishwasher will quickly eat away the plastic sides that hold the handle . Why have plastic parts at all ? By all means buy one if you want to hand-wash it .
 Quality product , but as others have mentioned , this item is poorly packaged by Amazon and the corners were chipped uponarrival . Would order again , just want one with four corners .
 This item was on backorder for a while.When it finally came it was broken . A layer of the slate with the felt on one side was broken off in the box . There were also lots of small pieces in the box . It was not usable at all , and I was very disappointed because I intended to give it as a gift that day . It also is extremely heavy.I sent it back and want a complete refund .
 This product is advertised as a `` poster '' , but in actuality it is a cheaply produced scanned photocopy on HP photo paper ... You can find the picture online and do it yourself for a buck . With the cost of the `` poster '' and outrageously high S&H charges , I paid $ 21 for an 8 `` x10 '' blurry photo that when scanned was extremely digitized . I was ripped off .
 The box reads `` Airtight '' but they are not even close . When I filled the canister with water and turned it over , the water poured out until the lid fell off . The space between the canister and the lid is large enough to pour small-grain rice or cous cous - and certainly flour , ground coffee and other dry goods.I had purchased these after discovering moths in some of our dry goods and these canisters will not prevent insects or humidity from accessing the items inside . After contacting Cooking.com they offered to pay for the return shipping .
 This isnt even close to airtight , the metal lid just sits on top with a plastic spacer -LRB- not snapping or anything just sits there with wide open gaps -RRB- . Returning and getting a different type . I bought this after reading reviews and not seeing much bad about this one but be warned , its not even close to being airtight .
 These look good , but they do not seal and are not airtight as advertised . I expected truely airtight canisters to keep coffee and tea in ... these are going right back to Amazon.The silicon seal is a poor design and will not seal air/liquids . The closing mechanism is cheap and inadequate ... it does not align properly and bends easily . The wire loop clasp distorts -LRB- bottom of the loop opens -RRB- when closed ... so much so that it easily slips out of the clasp when pressure is applied during closing . If you 're handy , you could probably braise or solder the loop shut to solve that problem ; however , that would still not solve the inability to seal .
 I purchased this heater to use in a trailer . While it heated very well , the controls are very vague . After it warmed up , it could not be turned off , and I had to unplug it . Once it cooled down it was fine.A serious design flaw ...
 Oxo generally makes good kitchen products . I bought this one based on its beautiful appearance and the automatic spout opening mechanism , which seemed useful . I figured that the fundamental qualities that one expects in a kettle - including NOT dripping water down the outside of the spout - were a given . However , I returned one of these for exactly that reason - thought it must be a fluke - and exchanged it for a second one , which proved to feature exactly the same behavior . Did n't anyone at the Oxo design facility try these out before marketing them ? Could be a gag gift , I guess , like a drip cup , but one that spills boiling hot water on tables and laps . You should look elsewhere for a practical kettle .
 Real rating -LRB- -5 -RRB- , do not buy this kettle . I bought this kettle for my elderly parents based on the automatic spout opening mechanism and its compact design . Very DANGEROUS for anyone , more so for the elderly or younger operators , pouring boiling water . The one thing you expect a teakettle to do is POUR THE WATER .
 I also purchased the 6-piece set of 11-inch dinner plates with a 6-piece set of the bowls and all appeared to be `` factory defects '' . Needless to say I returned them all to Amazon . Their customer service has been very helpful with my return process-first time I have returned anything to Amazon.If you are considering buying these , think twice . Too many black flaws within glazing , areas are missing color/glazing ; color varies from dish to dish . Read my review of the dinner plates .
 I have bought a lot of things from Amazon over the years , and this was the first time that I have had to return something . The finish was awful , the glazing on the edges of the bowls and the raised portions was actually gray/black . One the bowls was completely shattered . The box even had a label on it that said `` Sold As Is '' . WHAT ? That certainly was n't in the description .
 It 's unfortunate that Amazon ca n't pack breakable items a bit better . They were basically thrown into a box with little padding . The 1st shipment came with 4 of 6 bowls broken . Had to have them send another shipment which fortunately came with 2 of 6 broken . We then sent back the 6 shattered bowls.I 'd only say that Amazon should teach their packing people how to pack something that breaks a bit better . I 've seen more stuff coming from Amazone that 's literally thrown in a box , with some padding pillows on top , with zero thought on if the item will move around , etc. . I paid extra for Amazon Prime and I now question what I 'm paying for .
 Both dishes were in cardboard boxes with no cushioning materials of any kind . This was the perfect size for replacing a broken dish so I was excited to find it and disappointed twice when they both arrived damaged . Who would send a porcelain dish with no protection ? It may go differently for you but be aware .
 I 've had my Air Core set for quite a while and liked it very much HOWEVER today as I began to heat it , it exploded . The two parts separated and flew in opposite direction . I was hit in the head , the burners were pushed apart and the lights over the stove were wrecked . Luckily , and I do mean luckily , I was not badly injured . Neeless to say , I threw all three pans out .
 Home Depot sells this filter off the shelf for $ 29.98 . Why is the same filter 2x more here ?
 These filters were defective when we got them . `` Filters Fast '' sent more of the same . Ended up getting 2 out of 4 filters before getting the rest of my money returned . Took about one month total .
 Oxo generally makes good kitchen products . I bought this one based on its beautiful appearance and the automatic spout opening mechanism , which seemed useful . I figured that the fundamental qualities that one expects in a kettle - including NOT dripping water down the outside of the spout - were a given . However , I returned one of these for exactly that reason - thought it must be a fluke - and exchanged it for a second one , which proved to feature exactly the same behavior . Did n't anyone at the Oxo design facility try these out before marketing them ? Could be a gag gift , I guess , like a drip cup , but one that spills boiling hot water on tables and laps . You should look elsewhere for a practical kettle .
 The product was listed as a 5-quart chafing dish . The picture of the item was lovely . However , when it arrived I was disappointed . The pan that actually holds the fold was approximately 1 inch in depth . I promptly sent them back .
 There is no way to get this around a 14 '' mattress . I bought a king and I could n't come close to getting it on to my bob-o-pedic . The sides might expand to almost 14 '' but the corners do n't expand so it wont work if you have a thick mattress . Do n't bother .
 I thought I was getting something to protect the mattress with a little bit of padding . What I got was a flimsy piece of cheep material that encases the mattress . It seems like it would offer no protection whatsoever and certainly offers no padding . The reason I got it was that it was the only one available in a long twin size which is the sized neede for a hospital bed . I gave feedback to the company with no response so that is disapointing too .
 I tried to put this on a 10 '' mattress but it would not fit . It was supposed to fit a 14 '' . . The zipper broke trying to put it on . I did not try to return because of the company 's return policy . Beware and read everything about return policy .
 One of the end peices was broken off and i had to have it welded back on . Also after sleeping on it a few times the middle bars kept coming off and the bed collapsing in the middle . I had to put screws in each end of the two bars and it worked for awhile and started collapsing again . I might try to have it permanently welded in place to stop any movement . Would not recommend this bed for anyone . If not so much trouble would send it back but shipping was around $ 50 so will probably just try to deal with it .
 Note
 2 of the 3 packages I purchased had defects to the 3-holes -LRB- only one was intact -RRB- . The pockets do well to hold the cards that came with it , but buy a package of reinforcements just in case .
 I do n't own this item but I recently went to a three year old 's Birthday party and she got this as a gift . It got set up and of course all the kids wanted to sit at the table . Every single time they tried , they would tip over in the chairs and fall to the ground -LRB- including my two year old -RRB- ! It happened over and over again , the parents had to put it away to prevent any injuries from happening . I think that 3 is too young , maybe 4 or 5 , but then that may be getting too old ! The chairs and table are just too lightweight and flimsy , it is a major tipping hazard , I would n't recommend getting this set .
 I purchased the set of six quiche dishes under the impression that they were 4 '' x 1 '' . Are they 1 '' tall ? Yes . Are they 4 '' wide ? Not by a long shot . Probably about 31/2 '' on the bottom . False advertising . They 're fine for small desserts for elves , but not for the individual quiches I had planned for tomorrow 's brunch for actual humans .
 sent the proper item , but in a different style/finish compared to what was pictured and described per amazon ... not worth the hassle of a return , but completely unsatisfied .
 The blueberry bowls I ordered arrived in a periwinkle color ... yikes ! Returning these as they will not match in my kitchen ! Also the packaging was sooooooo dated , which is not a concern as long as goods arrive in one piece I suppose !
 Great color & fabric , but when I pulled off the little white tag that tells the content & washing instructions , etc. , it ripped the hem open . That 's a very dumb design flaw .
 Should of paid more attention to the diminsions for I got these with the intention of using them for individual pasta bowls . Their too small for that purpose and too shallow to be used for soup . They would be fine for salad or icecream bowls .
 These look like they would have fit the bill , but arrived chipped and broken . After second attempt , I have moved on to a department store .
 ... for creme brulee or any other kind of custard.I use them as nut dishes when I have company . Totally useless for anything else .
 Let me start by saying that I am a big fan of Britt coffees and Costa Rican coffees . I do n't have an issue with the product or the price for the product . My beef is with the outrageous shipping charge for a 12 oz . sealed bag of coffee . That was about $ 10 . The coffee cost $ 9.50 . The shipping box was big enough to hold ten bags of coffee . Why not just a sturdy envelope ? I will definitely find Costa Rican coffee in my local area and buy from a brick & stick store . Usually I try to offset the state sales tax -LRB- 8.25 % in the DFW area -RRB- with the shipping and handling charge . There seems to be a trend of increasing shipping and handling costs . Local sales tax on this purchase would have been in the range of $ 0.80 . Soon we will all be paying sales tax AND shipping charges through on internet sales unless something keeps us from paying ANOTHER tax which will surely affect the internet market . Anyway , just my 2 cents worth . No more Britt through Amazon for me .
 After spending the money to have an electrician wire this into the dining room , in less than a year -LRB- and we hardly ever use the room -RRB- the fixture has broken where the metal base of the sconce meets the curly support piece . There are wires exposed due to this defect , so not only am I going to have to buy another fixture , I am going to have to pay an electrician again . Very unhappy - cheaply made product . Our last fixture , which was just from some hardware store , lasted over 25 years .
 I think they were over generous with their measurements , these are tiny ramekins . Not sure how useful they will be beyond using them for dipping ketchup . Also had a funny smell when I unpacked the box . Would n't buy this brand again .
 I 'm an experienced Amazon buyer , but sometimes I just do n't get the dimensions right . I did n't visualize these correctly and they were far smaller than I expected . I do n't actually know what anyone would use them for , I was going to use them for individual creme brulees but they felt too small for that . So unless you have a specific idea of what you are going to put into these tiny dishes , try one size up . I actually returned them , and Amazon , as always , was very gracious in it 's return policy -LRB- arrived well packed , no damage -RRB-
 They have not worked out well for me . They came loose after a few showers and it was difficult to insert the shower curtain in them .
 We have been disappointed that these clips do n't stay put & it is very hard to get the curtain to go inside the small slot
 The double-stick tape on these clips did n't last very longl . Then you have to scrape it off the tiles with a razer blade . I 've yet to find shower clips that work well !
 I had high hopes for these gadgets . The holes in the devices do not match the holes in shower curtain . Plus they make shower curtain too short from side to side and actually hold the ends of the shower curtain open so that water sprays out both ends ! What a colossal waste of money . You 'd do better with a couple pieces of duct tape taped to the tile at each end . VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 Cheap ... You get what you pay for . I would n't recommend this product until the company 's designs a better way to keep the back of the clip from unsticking to the shower tile .
 Do not buy these clips if you have a very smooth tub closure . I got them and they would not stick to it , so I tried gluing them . That worked for about 2 showers then the glue I put on the spongy area held but the spongy area let go of the clip itself -LRB- which was attached by the manufacturer -RRB- ! So now I have put glue on that section . Time will tell if that works but if it does n't I am just going to trash them .
 The idea of the clips is to keep your water in the tub and your shower curtain closed . The clips require extraordianary small motor skills to open and close . To tuck the shower curtain into the clips is no easy task . Maybe you would have more success with hitting a Tim Wakefield knukle ball .
 Do not purchase these clips . They are less than worthless . The `` adhesive '' backing did n't even last for 48 hours . You 'd be better off duct-taping the curtain to the wall !
 The UV light has a mind of its own when it comes to turning on . Tried changing batteries , but it makes no difference . Nice concept , but functions poorly .
 I bought a light baby blue color . After the 1st wash , I used these pillow cases . The weirdest thing happened ... they got `` bleach spots '' . I do n't know if it had to do with the fabric blend and my hair but it was the weirdest thing . That never happened to me before . :-LRB- Bummed out because they were so pretty and so soft and smooth .
 I ordered this rug in two sizes for an entryway and hall runner . In the photo , it appeared to have a neutral tan background with small pebble-like circles on top . I received the rugs today and I 'm so disappointed . The circles that I thought would be pebble sized are actually the size of my hand -- they 're 4 or 5 inches in diameter . They have odd borders around them that change color , so one circle might have 2 or three colors in the border . The worst part for me , though , is that the background color is a muddy mess . It appears pink , copper , purple and brown all together . On the plus side , the rug is soft and cozy . It feels pretty well made for the price . I wish it looked like the photo , because now I 'm going to be hauling those things down to UPS for a hefty return shipping fee tomorrow .
 Ordered Directly from their website . Item came packed with newspaper ad packing . Grenade was wobbly and did not sit flush to base . Base looked rather cheap . Complaint dept. sign was a STICKER on the base . It was not applied well with a big air pocket across the middle of it . I hope I can sell this on Craigslist now ...
 This dish turned out to be a mere 7-3/4 '' x 11 '' which made it totally unsuitable for the recipe for which I bought it . -LRB- No way that 16 manicotti shells were going to fit in there . -RRB- At this price , it 's an OK product if you have need of a dish of this small size and it does have the advantage of being able to go under the broiler . Surprisingly few ceramic dishes are able to accomplish that feat . If , however , you absolutely , positively need 9 '' x 13 '' , steer clear .
 Just received today . Not 13 x 9 because it fits inside my Pyrex 13 x 9 pan -LRB- also , the volume is exactly the same despite the fact that the sides are 1/2 higher -RRB- . The porcelain finish also has several flaws and post production scratches . Consider spending a bit more for a better brand .
 Product Description is incorrect . Pan does not have handles . Why would one want to take a broiler pan out of the oven without handles ? Risky . I see the picture is accurate but I made the mistake of trusting the text and item number over the imate . Very disappointed .
 The blueberry bowls I ordered arrived in a periwinkle color ... yikes ! Returning these as they will not match in my kitchen ! Also the packaging was sooooooo dated , which is not a concern as long as goods arrive in one piece I suppose !
 The blueberry bowls I ordered arrived in a periwinkle color ... yikes ! Returning these as they will not match in my kitchen ! Also the packaging was sooooooo dated , which is not a concern as long as goods arrive in one piece I suppose !
 My arthritis has gotten so bad that I could no longer make the water bed I had for 39 years . I believed the ads for Tempur-pedic , about how comfortable the mattress is , and I thought it would be as restful as a waterbed , so I paid big bucks for one . What a mistake ! I have n't had a decent night 's rest since I bought it ! I sleep on my side , and every morning when I wake up , my hips hurt . I wake up in the middle of the night covered in sweat -- other reviews mention that it holds body heat , and what that means is that women who are well past menopause will get to experience night sweats all over again -- every night ! I would have returned this instrument of torture long ago , but Mathis Brothers , where I bought the mattress , wo n't take returns on it , so I 'm stuck with this expensive misery , which I 'm still paying off . This mattress sounds good , and it feels good when you lie down on it in the showroom , but sleeping on it is truly a miserable experience , and I strongly recommend against buying it .
 Arrived with bubbles on the bottom portion of the regular side of mirror . Then when I picked it up , it actually moved and crackled inside of the frame . I am returning for a refund .
 Although the product does a good job at pressing garlic , the nonstick coating peels off very easily . After a couple months , it was coming off the interior of the garlic chamber . This seemed to be from friction during regular use . Then I noticed it was bubbling and peeling off various places around the handles . And all this just a few months after purchase . Disappointing .
 Take a look at the images I uploaded that show the coating flaking off . I started out as a big fan of Zyliss products , but having used them for a couple years , I 've realized that some of the products are poor quality due to the cheap matte metallic finish that wears away with regular use & hand-washing . This garlic press is one such case . I always use scrubbers intended for non-stick pans , but this wear still occurs . And who knows what kinds of chemicals are in the cheap finish they use ? Looks great out of the box , but they show their age before long . I notice this particularly on this product and on the ice cream scoop . If Zyliss used the identical design , but made it out of plain stainless steel , I 'd be thrilled and would give 5-stars . For comparison , their pizza slicer and peelers ARE stainless steel and are fantastic 5-star products .
 I always check Amazon reviews before I buy a product and have found them generally accurate . So why did I not listen to the several reviewers who said that arthritic or small handed people should avoid this press ? COOKS magazine got me , plus all the 5 star reviews . BUT PLEASE LISTEN UP if you are afflicted with either condition . I could not get any garlic out of this press . The OXO leaves residue but is much easier to squeeze . Should have stuck with what I had.Mickey Dachs
 If you have normal sized hands and normal hand strength , you are going to be very disappointed with this product . It takes a lot of hand strength to squeeze even a medium size clove through this sucker . I tried clipping off the end of the clove . Did n't help . Very disappointed . I loved my 20 year old Zyliss garlic press until it gave up the ghost . I think this one is simply too large . Might be great for men with meathook hands , but not for us regular-sized folk .
 This thing pressed garlic like a champ , I was using it almost every day . Then after a month or two I was pressing a large clove and the bottom popped out . Past the return period now , so this was quite unfortunate . I would n't recommend or buy again .
 I had an old version of this garlic press for over 10 years . This one felt flimsy compared to my old sturdy one and broke after a month .
 So . . I have had a few garlic press 's in my time and thought this was ` my forever press ' . It was smooth , simply , and easy for even my wife to squeeze.The problem came at the 8 month mark i was using it for dinner -LRB- a dinner party where i had garlic in various dishes and had to mince numerous cloves -RRB- and the damn thing just broke . The bottom screen part that dices the garlic just came out.We hand wash this and take care every time . . Now this is a 1 star going in the trash .
 first of all , it is true -- you will have to apply a lot of pressure to use this instrument . you ca n't fit more than 2 cloves of garlic in press . when you try to press two cloves as opposed to one , you do have to apply even more pressure . the cleaner that comes with it is helpful but it can be really hard to remove the garlic that is on the outside face of the press where it comes out . i need to scrape it with a knife just to get the garlic that i have pressed off to be used in cooking . pressure and time applied for use and having to clean it each time i press it and the great energy and force needed to press the garlic makes it worthless . i can do it the old way which is peel the cloves and use a grater . the old way does n't hurt my hand and i save time . i was really hoping this would be something i can use in the kitchen and save myself time and mess . its not . back to grater .
 I was all set to love this garlic press . I had used the smaller version for almost four years . But within three months it broke . The screen the garlic passes through came out rendering it useless . I have tried to contact the manufacturer because I am sure it is still under warranty but they have not responded to my email and the pix I sent along with it . So I am frustrated because the tool is in the garbage rather than in my utility drawer .
 I had the smaller version of this press for years , and it worked fine and remained together all that time . Less than a year ago , I thought it would be nice to get the larger size . This press worked just like the small version , and I was happy with it until it broke in two . The pin that holds the two pieces together came out , and it is impossible to fix without drilling a hole all the way through the two pieces and inserting a different pin.I hope I can locate my old press ...
 Had a zyliss press for years that we loved - the pin finally gave out so I bought this . After 10-15 uses , the metal snapped and the section with the holes broke off entirely . It was too late to do a straightforward return - am now working on getting a refund . After emailing was offered $ 4 for the slight damage ... see picture above of the slight damage ! Waiting for a call back from customer service .
 I found that fastening on the front component came unglued very quickly and rendered the item useless . Otherwise , this would have been ideal , as it fits well in my hand and does the job easily -- it was also pretty easy to clean .
 I may have received a faulty one . I canot get this to press out the garlic . I am following the instructions , but the galic gets pressed down and then clogs . Nothing comes through the holes.Seems like a losy design to me .
 We got this press in September , and enjoyed it until it broke . It seemed capable of handling multiple cloves with the skin on , and was quite easy to clean , even without using the cleaning tool . But today , the grated part of the press broke cleanly off from the rest of the press , after having cracked about halfway off two days ago . We would not recommend anyone buying this press unless you like getting a new one every few months !
 My husband loved this garlic press , until the holey part the garlic comes through popped out while he was using it . Time to find another garlic press .
 I 'm not sure what happened but this specific zyliss has a really soft coating on it . It scrapes very easily . Check out my video on youtube . Until they fix the coating issue , this gets a 1 star from me .
 I had heard great things about the Zyliss presses , but although this press works great , it is not stainless steel . Nor , apparently , is it solid aluminum either . About a year after using it , I started to notice little flecks of silver paint coming off in my garlic . Apparently there is some kind of finish on the aluminum , or maybe it is an aluminum coating that is coming off . Regardless , as soon as I noticed that , I tossed it in the trash and ordered a Rosle . Significantly pricier , but stainless steel and the tool of many a professional chef , it will likely be around for a long time .
 I am an able-bodied cook with decently strong hands . I have been using garlic presses for 14 years . I could n't get a single piece of garlic , peeled or unpeeled to mince through this thing . I asked my husband , with stronger hands , to give it a try and he was able to make it happen with considerable force . After a week of frustration and sore hands , I gave it to my five-year-old son to have . He would probably rate it at three or four stars because he thinks it is a great toy and it does a superb job of shooting play-doh through the holes . In my experience , when buying a garlic press you should buy one that has prongs that grasp the garlic while pushing it through the holes . In my opinion , this is definitely not a good garlic press . The best garlic press I have ever owned was from Ikea . It finally just broke and I miss it dearly . It 's almost worth driving four hours to get another !
 Unlike the other people here who are also giving this device 1 star , I had no problems getting garlic to come out , in fact ... . I would be a person giving this 5 stars , had it not broken so quickly on me ... I was n't even using very large garlic this time , a small little piece ... . the little pin that allows the swinging action of the press broke off and now the device is useless .1 star for cheap materials , otherwise I have enjoyed Zyliss products ... . I will be more wary now ...
 I would not buy this garlic press . I 've had mine for 2 years and the shiny coating has started to peel - I am wondering now if I 've ingested some . People , please read all reviews good and bad before buying . I also do n't disagree with all the `` functionality reviews '' that most people have given here - very good functionality and very good look and feel - but is it safe to use for your family ? I will not purchase this garlic press again .
 This thing has a coating that peels off and gets into your food . When you put it in the dishwasher , it oxidizes , and you get grey aluminum powder on the garlic . Unacceptable .
 I had an older , small Zyliss press that worked just fine but finally gave up the ghost . Ordered this based on the great reviews -LRB- crossed my fingers and ignored the few not so great reviews -RRB- . I am a woman with average hands and strength -LRB- please do n't ask me to define average -RRB- , but pressing a clove of garlic through this thing was a real workout . First , it is a rather large press so getting your hand -LRB- s -RRB- around it for good leverage is a stretch . I tried it with peeled and unpeeled garlic . I snipped off the garlic tips . I cut the garlic in half . I put only one clove in at a time . Still , it required a huge effort for me to press the garlic through . Called my husband and , although he could manage it , he , too , thought it was much too hard and uncomfortable to deal with . Not sure why there is such a difference of opinion on how easy/tough this is to use , but I am going to purchase something smaller and hope for the best .
 The title says it all . This thing is a piece of junk and will poison your food -LRB- see the picture I uploaded -RRB- after just a few uses .
 Got this for my Thai wife who uses a lot of garlic in her cooking . She did n't have big enough hands , or the hand strength to use it . It takes a lot of strength , using both hands , to get this to work because the holes the garlic is pushed through are very small . Using unpeeled garlic is n't recommended because most of it gets pushed up instead of down because the small holes clog quickly . It failed completely , after about 1 month of use , when I put about 3 cloves of garlic in , gave it a pretty good squeeze and the entire bottom plate with the holes separated from the rest of the press . When I buy a new press I will look for something sturdier .
 This mat was very very thin . Much thinner than I had expected or any other at I had had before . It does have a good grip , however it is not comfortable and the design is n't really that great . If you are looking to spend 20-30 dollars on a mat , I would go for the $ 28 standard mat at lululemon . Much better use of your money .
 this product is alright in material but the thing to take note is its terrible odor when you first open it and the odor sticks for a very long time . Do n't get if you ca n't tolerate smelly things . It 's barely tolerable . With yoga in certain positions you are close to the mat and I had to smell it . So I end up throwing it out .
 The yoga mat was advertised as `` extra thick . '' I was VERY disappointed as it is actually very THIN . Might work on top of nice thick carpet , but not on wood floors - almost instant knee pain . It was pretty though .
 These rugs are lovely and feel like velvet , but we slipped so much that we tried putting another rug under it , which was 6 total rugs in 3 bathrooms . A little too much work for a rug .
 The pink rug is a very pale pink rug . Would not buy it again !!!! I tried to contact Amazon to return it and it has been over 2 weeks and I still have not heard from them .
 I am so disappointed with this set . I know that it is a good `` bargain , '' but I had no idea that it would be this cheap . The sheets are like wrinkled sandpaper , even after numerous washes with fabric softner AND the comforter set pieces never release their wrinkles , even after pressing . Finally , the comforter came complete with an ugly snag . I would not recommend this `` buy '' for someone I dislike , muchless someone I do n't know . Do n't be fooled by the pretty picture .
 I got this as a gift to replace a worn out model of similar design . I have to throw this loser away . There is a burning smell in my kitchen every time I use it . I think it 's the red paint on the outside . My old one was plain stainless and it was never an issue . Also the flimsy construction of this model -LRB- very thin metal -RRB- leads to uneven heat distribution and the clamps on the top being very easily bent out of shape .
 I was looking for a professional-quality coffee maker for use in my HOME . I am hard on appliances . I loved the idea of high durability , 2 warmers , and quick brewing.This machine is meant to be left on all the time , always keeping the water hot and ready to brew . While perfect for an office or classroom setting where one pot is made after the other , all day , or for extended periods , most home users do n't really benefit from this . Leaving it on all the time is an energy drain.You CAN turn the unit off when you are done with it , but the next time you turn it on , you need to wait 13 minutes for it to warm up , and then 4 to brew!And , if you only brew one or two pots per day , you are always using the old water left in the machine for your coffee.The machine actually holds two and a half pots of water , which is confusing if you ever have guests that are trying to make a simple pot of coffee in the morning . If you ever want to empty the unit of it 's water , good luck.Finally , the additional warmer is on the back of the unit , not the front , so you can forget using it if you keep this machine on your counter UNDER a cabinet.This is not a traditional coffee maker for most home users . I suggest trying to read the product manual before deciding if this is the right maker for you .
 Everything negative that is in all the other writen ratings are very true . I had this coffeemaker for 3 months and impressive to look at but horrible to use and died on me in 3 months of home use . I am a homemaker and a die hard coffee drinker , 12 to 20 cups a day . This pot could n't stand up to making 3 pots of coffee a day . It did not brew or keep the coffee hot enough and took much to long to warm up and brew a pot . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS COFFEE MAKER ! You will be sorry . I do n't know how to return it as I threw out the box two months ago and purchased it online while stationed overseas . Yesterday I purchased two of the new model Cuisanart 12 cup programmable makers . I can now brew two pots at the same time and much faster . The cuisanart pots let me regulate the coffee carafe temperatures and brew a great cup of coffee , are self cleaning , auto shut off 0-4 hours -LRB- you choose -RRB- , an alarm/beep to let you know when the pot is finished brewing and are half the price . I purchased two for the price of one Waring Coffee Maker . I will never purchase another Waring product ...
 What I like
 This coffee maker is not worth your money , learn from my mistake!We have had 3 of these machines and each one only lasted about a year.Each one developed the same problems
 I loved this coffee maker , tremendously ! I used it daily for less than 1 yr. , and now , it just shorted out . I could n't be more disappointed . You 're better off purchasing a cheaper , more reliable brand coffee maker .
 We had this coffee maker for about three months when it began leaking ever so slightly . After six months , pour ten cups in , get eight in the carafe and two on the counter top . After doing a little research it appears this is a common problem with this coffee maker with no evidence of a good fix . Other symptomatic issues include regular tripping of the GFI circuit breaker and the need to constantly refill the reservoir because the little blue warning light keeps coming on . Back to a Bunn coffee maker for us . Waring had a good idea , but did n't seem to be able to follow through with quality .
 I did not like these . I bought them for a wedding cake and they were too thin and small to support the cake fully .
 This item arrived already opened and with 1 of the rods missing from the 12 bought . The other 11 rods were all over the inside of the box instead of being packaged in their plastic container .
 The blueberry bowls I ordered arrived in a periwinkle color ... yikes ! Returning these as they will not match in my kitchen ! Also the packaging was sooooooo dated , which is not a concern as long as goods arrive in one piece I suppose !
 The blueberry bowls I ordered arrived in a periwinkle color ... yikes ! Returning these as they will not match in my kitchen ! Also the packaging was sooooooo dated , which is not a concern as long as goods arrive in one piece I suppose !
 I 'm not sure what I was looking for but usually I spend no more than about $ 7 on a pillow and I saw this had feathers and a little down , but when I received it I was really let down -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . This pillow lays very flat and has no body at all . I use it as a base pillow and keep on using my cheap synthetic pillow . Save your money and go with a cheaper pillow .
 Specs say it will hold a 5/8 inch diameter rod . I was n't able to use it with a 1/2 inch rod without having to bend the rod holder out so that it would hold a 1/2 inch rod . It was n't an easy task . Made in China so I guess you have to expect this .
 Lightweight and flimsy . . I really did not like them and the screws were made of some soft metal so they strip easily .
 You do n't need these brackets for the Umbra 88-120 '' Drapery Rod . The box with the rod in it will have all three brackets already inside . These brackets are actually harder to use and install .
 If you look at the product you will see that it is adjustable , this is what I ordered . This is not what I received . So my review is send what we order ... or do n't send anything.Thank you , Kathy Wells
 I bought this exact same product at a local craft store and was sorely disappointed . The rods themselves are already cut crookedly and cutting them flat yourself is nearly impossible . The instructions say to cut these with a serrated knife or kitchen shears . Well , the plastic is very slippery . I used a serrated knife at first and during the second cut , the knife slipped and I sliced my thumb wide open.After I 'd bandaged myself up , I used kitchen shears and this made the rods all bent out of shape because it would pinch the rod while you were cutting . You could bend it back , but it still did n't help the fact that it was n't flat and really did n't do much for what I was using them for . I cut them to the same height as my cake , but then after stacking my cake , I realized I should have cut it slightly shorter . My tier was floating off the bottom layer because of the slight irregularities in the plastic ends . The instructions on this product do n't mention that at all , they just say to refer to cake instructions . Big help there .
 I agree with another reviewer 's experience . The dowels arrived curved , it is impossible to cut with a serrated knife or scissors . To make these horrible dowels even usable I had to mark them and ask my husband to cut them on a table saw , trying to use the least curved portion.The quality control at Wilton is slipping , these were not curved during the shipping or packaging they were cut curved .
 This is not at all what I expected . I purchased those to hold a wedding cake in place . From the description , I was under the impression that you could cut the rods down to your exact height . It may be true since I have n't tried but the width was the real issue and way too big to use in my cake . I ended up not touching those and buying some wood ones in a store . I am not sure why you would use those for baking but I would n't recommend it . The rods are also hollow and because they are wide , I would think it would get fairly messy .
 I am writing this to warn all of you cooks and bakers at home , that like me , prefer real commercial equipment in your kitchen . Anything less is just a toy . I had purchased the Waring Pro 1500 convection oven thinking this would be a quality convection oven to replace a Farberware convection oven that I have had for over 10 years and just plain wore out . I ordered the Waring Pro 1500 from a catalog/online store other than Amazon , I do n't know if it is legal to say , but it does have the word Chef 's in it . I was so excited to get it ! I opened the box , set it up , and was so disappointed . It was made so poorly I was just sick . The stainless steel top was not smoothed out , the oven door was installed so crooked it scraped the metal off of the side of the controls , and it had been dropped or something before packing because the feet were up inside of the thing , and the top was bent down . The shipping packaging was fine , there was no broken packing and the box was fine . OK , so I sent that one back , got a replacement thanks to the wonderful customer service at the online store , and opened the second one , same thing !! I was so devastated , that I decided to give it a shot anyhow . While cooking with it , the door had such a bad seal that it just steamed out the front , sides and bottom . I was amazed that there could be such shoddy workmanship out there on what was being advertised as commercial quality . OK , so oven number two went back , and I tried one more , what the heck three strikes you are out right ? Right !! Finally oven number three came and it was put together so much better , seal looked good , top and feet looked good , so I decided to give it a whirl . Once again , huge disappointment . The convection fan goes on and off with the burner coils . Thus not giving the cooking cycle a true convection . I called Waring customer service and it was confirmed by engineering that they designed the fan to come on and off with the coils . Bad design ! It took longer to bake cookies in there than it would my regular oven , and then they were hard and dry . I rotisseried a chicken and it took over 1 and a half hours and when I cut it , the skin was soggy , not crisp , and it was n't cooked all the way through after 90 minutes ! The thing popped -LRB- sounded like it was going to blow up -RRB- every time it heated up because they riveted the rack holders in there so tight , also making it nearly impossible to go from racks to using baking trays . OK , that was it !! After extensive internet research , I finally found a convection oven that is truly a commercial oven made for residential use , and exchanged it with the wonderful catalog/online store mentioned before and got the Cadco Commercial -LRB- and I do mean Commercial -RRB- half size convection oven Model number OV-350 and have used it many times since it 's arrival and absolutely love it !! I know it is twice the price , but as usual , you get what you pay for . There is a smaller size version of the Cadco/Broilking oven that is quarter size , for people that do not need to bake huge quantities like me , that is the same price as the Waring Pro . Please people , if you are at all a person that demands quality in your kitchen , do not waste your time on the Waring Pro , just skip right to the real commercial stuff and save yourself some major stress !! Thanks again to the wonderful customer service at the aforementioned catalong/online company for NOT making me be stuck with the worthless Waring PRO 1500 !! Go for the Cadco !
 I 've had a love affair with countertop convection ovens since I discovered them in the 80 's . The Faberware lasted for years . They were so impressive that I gave them to friends and family . I ca n't find this brand anymore so I guess they are no longer available . I hoped this would be an adequate substite . Not even close!This oven is not usable unless you want to smoke up your whole house and set off smoke alarms . I thought this was just a problem because of the newness of the oven but not so . The problem has presisted , causing me to stop using and look for another oven .
 We never even plugged this sucker in . I wanted a countertop convection oven that would accomodate a pizza or 9 x 13 pan , and this unit was supposed to do that . What none of the product decscriptions mentioned is that this `` countertop '' unit should NOT be used underneath a cupboard . Do n't most kitchen countertops have a cupboard over them ? Also not mentioned is that the unit required a 4 '' clearance on the sides
 Pulse paddle switch stopped working after six months , took it into a Waring Certified Repair Center , they fixed it , but it took about six weeks to get it back . Then after about another month , the high/low paddle switch stopped working . We contacted the on-line retailer who sold it to us , they contacted Waring who authorized us to send it back . We received a brand new unit about three weeks later . When it works , it 's fantastic , but be warned that these paddle-switches seem prone to failure .
 We got this for XMAS and use it 4 days a week for making smoothies and for that it does a great jobIt is far superior to my Kitchen Aid blender at making smooth smoothiesThe problem is all of a sudden the on off switch no longer works - I had seen others say this on some of the older reviews - but I wrongly assumed the issue had been addressed - and it has notLuckily I was in my return window with Amazon and was able to exchange the item at no cost to me - but if this happens again I 'll be stuck sending it to be fixed , paying shipping and being without the blender for about a month - I 'm not too happy about that at all.I am glad I kept my $ 100 Kitchen Aid - it may not be as nice - but it continues to work without issue.So I gave it two stars because there is no way a 300 blender should stop working in under 30 days - especially when I see it is a known issue - if this was a one off I would not be so annoyedAmazon provides great service - but I am very concerned that this is going to be on ongoing issue - I would not recommend buying this blender
 I purchased this product based on the positive reviews . We planned to use it commercially . It stopped working after making a half dozen smoothies . I was forced to take the unit to a local repair shop for warranty repairs , even though it was new . It has been a month and I still do n't have my blender back . I have tried diplomacy but to no avail . This may be a great blender ; I have n't used it enough to tell , but I feel that Waring should have replaced it . I do n't have enough money to simply buy another unit while I wait for this new one to be repaired . Waring has n't even shipped the part to the repair center yet . You have been warned . Do n't expect service if your Waring blender breaks .
 Powerful blender . Loud but efficient . Great with ice . However ... after 2 months of mild use , the high , low switch quit working . Pulse switch still works but worried it will give out as well . Finding a service center or returning -LRB- which does n't seem to be an option -RRB- is difficult when living on an island in Alaska . Expensive . Not sure I would buy again given this issue .
 I spent hours researching blenders and after compromising and buying something that was in the middle of Vitamix $ $ $ and your standard $ 100 blender I chose this one . It 's a commercial strength blender which is suppose to mean durable and more powerful . Well its powerful enough but just 2 weeks into using this thing not excessively mind you ... it randomly decided to turn itself on !!!! The only way to shut it off was to unplug it . Then after letting it sit it did n't turn on at all !!!! It started making a clicking sound like the electrical contacts were loose . Long story short ... I 'm returning it hoping to get one that works . If that one does n't work I 'm just gon na get my money back and start from scratch .
 Do n't buy this oven . Wait until the next generation comes out . I read the reviews and the guy who said it 's of low quality is correct . This should be an under - $ 100 unit . It rattles , the temperature is off by at least 50 degrees and the door gap grows as it heats up . The thermostat is a cheap bimetal , not bulb , type . The temp setting of 300 degrees is actually 400 plus inside . I did not buy this at Amazon and it is going back .
 A very impressive looking oven . The temperature dial did not reflect the actual internal temperature of the oven by 50 to 75 degrees . Once I got that sorted out , the oven worked well about 20 times . Then the motor started to sputter on and off . Burning electrical odor filled the air and an arcing sound could be heard . While it worked , it worked well . I do not know if the defect is common or rare . I tested only one oven .
 I 've had this $ 300 oven for no more than 4 years and the temperature was up and down . It is cooking unevenly and the temp is way off from what I set the dial to . I brought it to an authorized Waring repair shop who told me that he could not get me the part I needed -LRB- after telling me he could get parts and took $ 16 non refundable to test the oven -RRB- . According to the Warning website , it is a discontinued product !! Do n't buy . I wo n't buy Waring products anymore - $ 300 for an oven that lasted 4 years and now I ca n't repair it .
 I purchased this oven about 2 years ago , and have been satisfied with it ... until it completely stopped producing heat a couple of months ago . I just got off the phone with Waring 's product department ; not only is this problem not a warranty issue , but there is no way to fix it . The oven is now a doorstop . Instead of being productive on my countertop , this oven is now destined to take up space in a landfill . Sickening , since I have friends with other ovens of this type that are decades older and still working.Do not purchase this oven !
 Transaction went great ; received right away . However , turn table wobbles when turned , no matter what position it is locked into . So I only use it for angled piping and not smoothing the sides down . Disappointed . I do n't know if this is standard and all of them do that , or if mine is slightly defective . I definitely would like to know .
 I purchased this item less than one year ago , but not through Amazon , and I never sent in the warrantee paperwork . However , it began to fail within 9 months of use . We get ice cubes , but not enough to fill a glass . WE will have to get rid of this machine and replace it with another . We had the Haier for many years before it failed , but it is temporarily out of stock . As soon as it comes back , I 'm ordering another . We use this in our dental office for our employees , and although it was inexpensive , it was still too costly for the length of time it performed . It did n't make ice as quickly as the Haier did .
 In the past 12 months I purchased an EdgeStar IP210 Ice Maker.After 3 weeks of use I had to send it back and was out for a couple of weeks.The company sent me a new machine , I used it for 11 months as per instructions and it quit.The company sent me different tests than what were in the instruction manual . Their trouble shooting tips did not work either.The company said I could get a Technician to repair the unit or send it too them at my expense and they would fix it . At my expense . I had a different unit and the repair for the unit was three times what I paid for the unit.I guess you get what you pay for .
 I have had three of this model ice maker . When this ice machine is n't broken it does one bang up job . After a year though the plastic piece at the top of the unit that moves gets a crack and the thing stops working . Like I said I have had 3 and they all broke in the same place . I also gave 2 as gifts and they broke in the exact same place . This time I am going to see if a small appliance man can glue it back together . It is such a shame that it is defective because when it works it is great .
 We bought this machine and were very excited to have ice on our boat ! It worked perfectly ! It was so nice to have ice right on the counter top rather than having to dig through the freezer . About 2 months went by and we were showing all our friends how wonderful our new ice machine was ! I 'm afraid some of them may have bought one because of us ! After 2 months it started making tiny little ice cubes . We turned it off then on again and the first batch of cubes was normal but on the following cycles the tray would n't fill properly and the cubes were just tiny little nubs . We called the manufacturer and they were very nice and sent us a new circuit board for free . I installed it and the machine worked fine for about 2 months again . Then the same thing happened . I called again . Got another circuit board . Put it in and it worked fine ... . then the water tray broke at the pivot point where the little motor attaches . It would n't even come up far enough to make the machine try to make ice . So I took it apart and glued it back together . That fixed the problem and we were happy to have ice again ! This time after only 1 week it started making tiny little cubes again . I give up . Now , after reading some of the other reviews , I 'm not going to be buying another one . It 's so hard to take apart and replace the circuit board I 'm not going to do it again even if they send me yet another one for free . Do n't buy this product . And if you look closely , most of the other brands are actually the same machine . Just a different name on the front .
 This is the 2nd ice maker I bought from COMPACT APPLIANCE . The first one lasted about 2 years using it everyday . I was very happy with it so I bought a different brand . This one has never worked . All I get is a chemical taste and smell from the ice . I can not use the ice cubes in anything with out the taste and smell.I wrote COMPACT APPLIANCE and they do n't even have the courtesy to respond . That was over 2 weeks ago . I explained to them that I am mostly homebound andam not able to take this to be boxed up and returned . I just want to know what to do about this situation.I know things happe ... but , this was no vault of my mine and I believe the ice maker is defective.If you can help me with this problem I would greatly appreciate it . This is thefirst time I have had problems of this nature with anything I have ordered from Amazon.com . With the exception of a couple of things lost in transit.Your co-operation in this matter would be greatly appreciated.Marcia Perguidi
 This device concept is excellent . However , the designers could have made it easier to clean when mold began to grow ! Yes , mold grew even though we used bottled/purified water ! Along with the mold issues we encountered , the system never really made good cubes . They were always soft , and melted qiuckly .
 We bought 3 of these for all our offices . They make ice much slower than they claim to , and now after a little less than a year they all stopped making ice altogether . The fan seems to still run , but it 's just not making anything on the prongs , as if its not getting cold .
 We received this unit for Christmas about a year ago . My sister-in-law also received one . Hers went out in about 3 months . We assumed that it was because of the kids -LRB- blame it on the kids !!! -RRB- Last week our went out also , when I was figuring out what happened , hoping to fix it , it was the same problem as with my sisters . The tray that the ice is made in cracked at the hinge area . This caused the water to leak out , so there was not enough water to make the ice . One accurance is a problem , two is a product defect . Now we have no ice and a looking for another unit . My advice is to pass by this unit , there are others out there .
 We ordered the ice maker for our RV . Be aware you need to add 5 '' to the dimensions to allow for air circulation . It took three days of vinegar and lemon juice to get the plastic smell out of the ice . The unit will display ice full when it has one ice cube sitting on the full sensor . if you want to use it and have limited space , this is not the best choice ...
 We were given a new Edgestar ice maker and it NEVER WORKED . Their `` Customer Service '' gave us the wrong return address and then said it was lost ! No refund , no replacement -- just a bad product with worse customer support .
 When it actually works it 's fine , but it will break at least once per year . The ice case in these are defective and crack at the hinge , when this happens no ice is produced . Customer service will not help you if the product is out of the 1 year warranty , even though their product is faulty .
 Ice maker works fine . Very poor instructions on drain plug . A little insert that you think is part of packing is part of the drain plug . I threw it away . My bad.Ice maker leaked every time we used it . Customer service would not send a new one for free . They wanted $ 18.00 . I cut off the end of a golf tee to stop the leak . Works leak free now .
 if you buy this piece of junk or anything that looks like it you win the `` fool of the year '' award . i bought three , the first two didnt work out of the box and the third ran less that 2 months . then try to get service , it doesnt exist . most of these are made by the same manufacturer with different names . DONT BUY IT !!!!
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my fiancee . It is only 30 days later and already it quit working . ; - -LRB-
 We have owed these plates in white for quite some years . maybe six or more . I just replaced all of them with a set from Crate and Barrell . They are heavy and seemingly well made but they have been faulty in a a number of ways . First my biggest complaint is on the white plates everytime you happen to scrape them with silverware it leaves a permanent mark . Never wash anything stainless near them in the diawasher since it will mark it up there as well if it rubs up against them . After years of use they looked horrible with marks all over them . They also seemed to chip very easily . So between the chips and marks all over them I could n't take looking at them anymore . They also are not good in the microwave . They get very hot and the food not so much . I would not recommend for everyday use . Maybe the dark colors would show less marks but if they chip it will be very noticable . My advice is to purchase bone china or porcelain . I will never buy these again .
 I was looking for something to keep my wrapping paper organized , and thought this would work well for the half-dozen rolls I usually have around . While it did work fine for some of the rolls , many were either too short , too long or too thick . The metal prongs that hold each roll into place do n't allow for much size adjustment . I 've found that the rolls which did n't fit are the ones bought through those mail-order fundraisers -LRB- you know the ones - kids ' parents are always selling these -RRB- , and the ones from Costco -LRB- the wide , short ones -RRB- . I do love the hanging feature , but agree with other reviewers that once all the rolls are in place , you ca n't roll up the organizer and use the buckles without smashing all the paper . If I had room to keep this hanging all the time , it would be perfect . But I bought it because I thought it could be rolled up nicely and unfortunately , it just does n't .
 While this is a nice organizational product it is NOT a spacesaver . I bought this hoping to be able to hang it in my closet . It is actually wider than a standard closet space and is not designed to be hung on a closet bar . It is designed to be hung either on a rack of some sort , the back of a door -LRB- perhaps -RRB- or a hook on a wall . None of those solutions are good if you live in a small space . I can see how this might be a good way to organize a few wrapping supplies , but as far as an efficient storage solution , this really does n't cut it . It 's not worth spending the postage to send back so now I 'm stuck with a worthtless product that I have no way of utilizing .
 Purchased this to help me organize my wrapping paper . It only holds a few rolls and the small ones only . When you roll it up to close it , the wrapping paper gets damaged . I think the hard case ones would be better and fit bigger rolls . Anything in this soft mesh type bag would get damaged if it 's not place somewhere carefully .
 it does n't fit all of my wrapping paper sizes . it is nice to store some things like ribbons and tags , but not a must have .
 I bought this two years ago and have used it only four times in that period . Now , it no longer works . I 'm not going to try to return it or get it repaired because it 'll probably cost more than I paid for it . People tell me Cuisinart makes good stuff . Not if it breaks down like it did for me and for other reviewers .
 The tempurature control broke after only a few uses . Cuisinart sent a replacement -LRB- obviously remanufactured -RRB- and made me pay to ship my old one back . The `` new '' one appears to be going out after even fewer uses . I am not going to throw good money after bad by getting another replacement .
 I have owned this product for the past five years , and it is very good . However , the probe/power supply attachment has broken 4 times , despite the fact that I have handled it with scrupulous care . Cuisinart has replaced the probe twice , but is no longer willing to do so . In spite of the fact that I have been otherwise happy with the product , I will not spend $ 25 to replace the probe , since it is clearly an inferior piece of equipment and is likely to break again . Instead I am forced to replace this grill with the GR-55 , which does not have a separate probe/power supply accessory and has better reviews .
 Based on the other reviews I purchased this product . Unfortunately the product did not work out of the box . I initially tried to work with Cuisinart Customer Service but have found them to be incredibly RUDE . Cuisinart wanted me to pay shipping and handling -LRB- as well as a ten dollar processing fee -RRB- in order to replace a defective unit that never even worked out of the box . The turn around time to replace the unit was over three weeks . I would stay away from this product !!!
 Received this as a gift . Works great ! Steaks cook up perfectly ; not quite like char-broiled but darn close . Pancakes are a breeze . Brats need to be covered by a pot lid while cooking lest they burn and take forever to thoroughly cook.The unit heats evenly and quickly . It 's also solidly built.Clean-up is easy with the non-stick cooking surfaces , but the immersible cooking plate can be unwieldy to handle ; it might just be too heavy for frail individuals.Darn glad I have it as I use it all the time.ADDENDUM 11/9/08 : In the time I 've owned this appliance , roughly since the time of my original review , the heating probe has had to be replaced four times ! Apparently there 's a plastic ring inside the compartment that melts at high temperatures and causes the temperature adjusting knob to loosen , become inoperable , and eventually fall off . Cruisinart customer service has been very good in sending out free replacement units quickly with just a toll-free phone call . I still use the appliance because it does its job so well ; I 'm just hesitant to use it as often and at as high a temperature as before.ADDENDUM 3/13/10 : Well , the dial on the heating probe broke yet again . This time , however , Cuisinart is insisting on charging $ 25 for a replacement , apparently based on the three-year warranty . Uh-uh ! I 've downgraded my rating accordingly from four stars to two . This appliance is not worth only three years of good , yet `` interruptible '' service , followed by intermittent additional $ 25 expenses . The customer service rep even suggested it might be worth buying an entirely new appliance . This is quite the shame as I loved using this item ; it 's otherwise a sturdy piece of hardware .
 This is the 2nd one I 've owned , it works great , food tastes great , grills well etc.But they have a very obvious design flaw because the unit constantly breaks , the temperature probe that plugs into the power and into the grill constantly breaks . I gave up on my original one and bought a new one , I just used it 2 days ago for the first time . I went to use it again tonight , and it 's already dead ! Now I have to call Cuisinart and go through the warranty process , it 's so new the card I mailed in wo n't even be there yet.If you do any googling of this product you will find the same problem over and over , why does n't Cuisinart fixthis problem ?
 I bought this slow cooker thinking `` AHHHHHHHHHH Cuisinart '' - replacing my old Rival . Used it 3 times - had it on low and it burst the apples the first time in 1 hour . Burst the beans the 2nd time in 11/2 hours - the 3rd time - the potatoes turned to mush . Even on low it boils , not even a slow simmer . Most disappointed . Returned it and went back to Basics . Lesson learned -
 Not a bad slow cooker , but the knobs on the front cracks and you are not able to set to proper controls . Called Cuisinart to order replacement knobs and was told the knobs are not a replacement item . The only resolution is to buy a new unit . We have a number of Cuisinart products and the new attitude is if it 's broken , buy a new unit.We would not buy another Cuisinart product , the quality is just not there anymore .
 I bought this for my husband as a gift . He was very excited . The first time he used the machine , it burned the food to a crisp and dried up all of the liquid while it was on the low setting . We were lucky it did not start a fire .
 All I can say is that I 'm truly grateful we live across the street from the fire house ! Boiling mad , ha , I must be on warm !
 When will I learn ? My Cuisinart bread maker was a dud , the food processor worked about 10 times before the motor died and now this ... Why ca n't someone make an attractive appliance that also works ?! After reading other reviews , I gather that I have one with a thermostat problem since `` low '' brings the food to a rapid boil . . and never lowers back down . It does burn the food if there is n't a lot of liquid , like in a thick stew or roast . I will try to put it on warm and see how that goes , but I would not recommend this item whatsoever .
 The CSC-650 was what I thought I was ordering , what I got was the PSC-650 ... The unit is easy and intuitive to use.Most disappointing is how the lid does n't really fit the crock . It does n't fully rest on the rim of the crock , so there are gaps down the long sides of the oval - it is not retaining all of the moisture it should.The lousy fitting lid pretty well precludes pork roasts , being leaner meat they just dry out . It 's very disappointing when a respected name ends up on a poor quality product .
 I 've cooked several different dishes with this appliance and luckily I 've been home to shut it off in time . Every recipe calls for cooking 6-8 hours on low but my dishes are done after 2.5-3 hours ; I ca n't help but think it 's taking away from the flavoring of the meal . I 've tried pork chops , chicken , stew meat , pork roast , etc and all with the same result . I would not buy this product again or recommend this to anyone as a quality slow cooker.It 's pretty easy to clean though and mine has held up . I like the retractable cord also .
 I 'm getting to pack up my third CSC-650 -LRB- in as many weeks -RRB- to ship back to Cuisinart . It 's apparent from my own experiences and those of several other reviewers that there are serious quality-control issues with this product . I am not bashing Cuisinart here ; I have a Griller that may be the best counter-top appliance I 've ever owned and worth every penny of the price . I had planned to wait until I had a unit that worked correctly before writing my review , but since it looks like that may never happen , I decided to write now.The three units I 've had do not just get a little too warm at the Low setting , they get boiling hot -LRB- literally -RRB- within 3-4 hours . The instructions say that the on the Low -LRB- timed -RRB- setting the unit will heat up above 140 degrees F and then go back down to the low temperature . My experience with all three I 've had is that , when set on Low -LRB- with timer -RRB- , they quickly heat up to 140 and then just keep going up , and up , and up.Once the contents reach boiling -LRB- 212 degrees -RRB- they continue to boil until the cooking cycle is over -LRB- up eight hours -RRB- . Even when the cooker switches to Warm , the contents continue to boil for a couple of hours . Other web sites I 've looked at seem to agree that the final temprature after eight hours of low , slow cooking should be about 185 . I suspect the crockpot itself may get considerably hotter than 212F , but had no safe way to test it alone . This might explain the burning and sticking some users have reported.Interestingly , the third one , when tested on High , was still slightly below boiling after 5 hours.I 've read quite a few positive reviews of this product on different sites , but I 've also seen the overheating issue brought up on those sites . Some of the positive reviewers infer that those who have had bad experiences are using the machine incorrectly or imply that it works fine if you 're willing to make drastic adjustments to recipes , including the ones in the Cuisinart cookbook . I think , however , the case is that some of us have received units with thermostats that work , and some of us have received units with thermostats that do not work at all , at least on the Low setting.If the fourth unit does not work properly , I may just give up trying to use it as a Slow Cooker and only use it when I 'm around to check it at least once an hour.Follow-up -LRB- April 2006 -RRB-
 Very disappointed . I bought this for my wife for Christmas and am returning it today after 4 uses . I bought it for the Cuisinart name and quality as well as the fact that it had a timer which would allow us to leave it on while at work and it would automatically switch to the warm mode when the time was up . Good thing we decided to try it out on our day off before using as intended . This thing cooks way too hot . We have used nothing but the warm setting and food/liquid is boiling within 2 hours and continues to boil the entire time . Needless to say the food is way overcooked and/or scorched on the bottom due to the liquid being almost completely boiled off . The steam and moisture comes out all around the lid , defeating the purpose of a slow cooker . After the first use we have cut the recipe times by 1/3 and still no good . You could probably cut the recipe time in half , cover the pot with aluminum foil before putting the cover on , and stay home and keep a watchful eye on it and get satisfactory results . Not me . The construction quality and retractable cord are great , the only positive I can add .
 I bought THREE of these for a buffet party . 2 would never get hot , UNSAFE holding temp for food . Afterwards , cleaning with a just a damp cloth , the writing by the indicator lights vanished . I used the only properly working one a second time , and the red plastic light cover fell out and broke on the floor . So much for 3 all lined up looking nice for a party ! Too late to return , so be warned , although they look nice at first , do n't fall for a ` pretty face '
 Cuisinart Customer Service shipped a replacement to me for my faulty model that was boiling vigorously on LOW . This replacement works great ! Love it ! 4 stars!P.S . The computer program would n't let me change the star setting to 4 .
 This is a nice looking Crockpot but it has a fundamental flaw . It cooks way too fast . There is no way you can leave anything to cook for even close to the recommended time , you will have burnt food . For $ 99 this crockpot should be way better . I have never had a crockpot where the lid moves because the contents are boiling and this is with the unit cooking on the warm setting . Those who rate this crockpot good must either be inexperienced with crockpots or only some are defective - This is going back ,
 My wife and I have enjoyed all the other Cuisinart products so when we were looking for a replacement for our old Rival Crock Pot we decided we wanted this one . Bad idea . Since getting it shortly after Christmas we have used it a sum total of one time . Why ? Because the ceramic cooking pot cracked on the first use even though we followed all the cooking and cleaning directions in the manual . It might have even been cracked from the get go . So we tried to get a replacement but they were back ordered for a month . So after a month we figured we 'd get the new pot . No such luck , we were notified again that the pot would not be in stock for another thirty days . That would indicate to me a problem with these ceramic pots . So we are returning this Slow Cooker , our old Rival still works like a charm .
 Great looking product.The knobs are all plastic - no metal reinforcing ring - and break easily . Going online to the Cuisinart Parts & Accessories section - I discovered they do n't offer replacement knobs to buy . I have asked Cuisinart customer service to send me two sets -LRB- since I expect the next ones to break quickly too -RRB- . I am hopeful their customer service quality is better than the product quality for this particular product .
 This was bought for us off our wedding registry , and it has been a big disappointment . Basically , whatever time the recipe says cook on high , you have to subsitute `` low '' , and whatever the recipe gives as the cooking time for `` low '' , you have to substitute `` keep warm '' . Even the `` keep warm '' setting starts boiling -- and keeps boiling -- until you turn it off . Every time I have put something in it and left it for a few hours -LRB- which is the whole point of having a slow cooker -RRB- I have come home to meat that is stringy , dried out and burnt , and still boiling . Thumbs down , cuisinart !
 I am a working mother of two small children with a husband that travels 90 % of the time . Needless to say , it is a struggle to provide a home cooked meal for my kiddos . I thought a slow cooker would be the answer . Yesterday , after fighting my way through a snowy rush-hour with two moaning kids , I was not greeted with the good smells of a home-cooked meal . Rather , I was greeted by the stench of burning food and spent the next half hour scraping black food from the bottom of the slow-cooker . I was well-aware of the issues of it cooking too hot , so I cut the cooking time in half - it was on low for 2 hours and then switched to warm ... and that was the result.I do not recommend this product if you are using it for its intended purpose - to fix it and forget it !
 Like other reviews I 've seen here , this `` slow cooker '' gets way too hot - even on low . I only use it if I will be home to turn it off after 2-3 hours instead of 8-12 hours .
 I chose this product because of the brand so I expected premium quality even though it 's made in China . The cooker looked and worked wonderfully for about 3 years . It started functionally erratically and so I removed the cord-winder and found that the electrical connection between the cord roller and the main unit had gotten so hot that the insulators and connectors were charred and the plastic near them melted . It seems we would have had a fire if the now exposed wires had come in contact with the very nearby steel body of the cooker . If that happened , an electical shock would also have been likely ! Maybe this is a fluke but the insides of the unit appear to be constructed as `` cheap '' as possible . Very common with appliances today but not what I expected and thought I paid for with a Cuisinart !
 I was excited when I bought this item . It looked wonderful ! However , it boils/burns everything . Forget leaving it on if you leave the house . And , Cuisinart Customer Service is impossible to deal with . Now they 're telling me I can box it up and send it back for a replacement . Do I really want another one ? NO !! Would rate it zero stars if I could .
 I am VERY disappointed in this slow cooker . I was willing to spend the money to buy this because I was very impressed with the features . I especially likede that it would automaotcally switch to warm when the timer was up . However , this slow cooker boils even when on the arm setting . I wold never buy this model again .
 Twenty years ago , the Cuisinart brand was reputable . Now , not so much . I 've tried several appliances and their quality control -LRB- as well as their design department -RRB- are nothing like they used to be . After various bad experiences , I just avoid this brand . For example , I tried to get some help from their customer `` service '' people when the dial markings on my pannini grill smeared off after one use . No help . The `` service '' person just denied that the smearing happened . Then a couple of months later a newly designed grill appeared with the markings stamped in rather than merely printed on .
 Mine did n't hold up either . For what I paid for it , I expected more . One I picked up for around twenty is doing a much better job and lasted through more than four uses .
 I have gone through 2 of these now and both ceramic inserts have cracked in the same place ! Cuisinart customer service is not interested in replacing the inserts even though I have only used it 2 times before they cracked and were unusable . I had to send the pot back for replacement and the replacement had the same trouble.My cheap Rival crockpot that I had for years before I purchased this one never had problems or I would think that this was operator error . I was really looking forward to using this because I love all my other Cuisinart products but I am going today to purchase a nice , inexpensive , reliable Rival crockpot .
 This cooker heats way too much - on low cooks at a slow boil . I can do a better job w/my DCS cooktop burners on low . It 's over-priced and a space hog . I bought this for my loves-to-cook spouse last Christmas , and was sooooo disappointed . I tried hard to like it and bought several slow-cooker cookbooks . I 'd say to prospective buyers
 I got my first crock pot about 10 years ago and love it . I was looking to upgrade to a larger pot and a pot with a timer . I decided on the Cuisinart because of the quality associated with their products . I asked for this as a Christmas gift from my mother.I received this crockpot Dec. 30 , 2004 and I 've had nothing but problems with it . I made two meals in the pot and both of them burned . I noticed that the lid was smaller than it should and did n't completely cover the crock . I called Cuisinart and they told me no problem and sent me a new lid which I received about a week ago . The new lid fits better but there is still a problem with moisture escaping and food burning as I discovered yesterday with yet another burnt meal.I called Cuisinart again -LRB- each call to Cuisinart , I 've had to wait 40 minutes to speak with a rep -RRB- . The first rep told me to return the crockpot to the store I got it . I called my mom and she gave me the number of the store where she purchased the crockpot . The store would not take it back because we do n't have the original box , even though the product is defective.I called Cuisinart yet again . They are sending me a new unit . I will have to pay s/h . I sincerely hope this one works but have my doubts after reading a couple of the reviews . I have a feeling I 'm going to have quite a fight trying to get my money back.Don ' t waste your time or your money on this crock pot . It 's no good .
 This was given as a wedding gift , bought off our bridal registry . It is our first slow cooker and we chose it because of the Cuisinart name . I agree with the other reviews , it looks great - but steam does comes out of it and it definitely burns food . It 's burned 3 dishes already . If you have to watch a dish that defeats the purpose of a slow cooker as you ca n't leave it on while you 're at work . Knowing that newer cookers `` cook hot '' I have tried to decrease the cooking time - but that did n't help because it still cooks when it 's on the warm setting . I 'm returning this piece to the store tomorrow and buying another slow cooker .
 The first time we used this cooker , it worked fine . But when we finished using it and I lifted it , it stuck briefly , then came up with a `` crack '' . On a smooth countertop , the rubber cushions on the bottom of the feet create a suction that hold them down . But the plastic feet are weak and snapped with very little force.After only a few uses , two feet have broken off and the timer knob broke and fell off . We own several other Cuisnart appliances that are quite sturdy and have lasted for years , but this product has been quite a disappointment .
 After cooking with our Cuisinart CSC-650 Slow Cooker on three occasions , with less than successful results , we are giving up . First , unlike numerous other reviews I have read here , our Cuisinart slow cooker never heats up enough . Perhaps Cuisinart over-corrected the overheating issues that other users have mentioned . It is very disappointing to have company over and have to tell them that the food is n't ready yet , only to have to end up using a pot on the stove to finish the job . Second , one of the `` feet '' broke off of the bottom of the unit . I ca n't imagine using it sitting lopsided on the counter ...
 Well , I tried to be satisfied for over a year . It was used for soups , stews , chili , spaghetti sauce , refried beans , and more . The Cuisinart name and reputation as well as satisfaction with other Cuisinart products attracted me to the CSC-650 Slow Cooker . A high price for a quality product is justified in the long run was the thinking . Right from the start there were temperature control problems . `` High '' setting is unusable after an hour . `` Low '' setting boils after two hours . `` Warm '' produces bubbling after 3 hours . `` Warm '' is the only setting used now and it is still too hot . There are `` hot spots '' that cause the food to stick in certain areas of the bottom regardless of the temperature setting . Lining the heating container with heavy-duty aluminum foil was tried to help moderate and spread the heat to no avail . Just this morning a crack in the pot was discovered that runs from the top edge to the base . The cooker is headed to the dump . We have a smaller Rival crock pot that works well , was inexpensive , and will be easily replaced when a problem develops . Spending $ 100 on a disposable slow cooker that does not perform correctly from the start and then the ceramic pot breaks is not my idea of a bargain . The next purchase will be a low-priced cooker that can be tossed out when it fails without damaging the budget . Maybe the Cuisinart will be saved to put on the counter to impress guests with its looks while the real meal will be cooked in the garage under a cardboard box . : - -RRB-
 I had to exchange this crockpot 3 times . Finally , I gave up . It gets waaaay too hot . Each one had the same problem
 I researched a lot before buying this slow cooker . I have a Nesco roaster that I love and use often . I needed a large slow cooker . I started researching . Started out with the all clad but everyone said it got really hot . I wanted a good one . The Cuisinart had good ratings elsewhere and I thought well even it cooks faster that is fine . I will just watch it until I get used to it and go from there . Every dish I have watched . . they all cooked in LESS than half the allotted time . Today I made a crock pot mac and cheese casserole and it burned within ONE HOUR . Way too hot . I called Cuisinart several times and they said I may have a defective unit . Well I doubt it . I just think it runs hot . I really was dismayed because I love the size and the design of this cooker . Really was not up to par with Cuisinart products that I know and love.Let me also say that I am a good cook . I feel that I know my way around any appliance . I was not happy that I was not going to be able to leave this cooker all day but I was ok to give it a try . It is not at all what I expected . I read the other reviews here and wish I would have taken heed of them . I had read good reviews elsewhere and saw two articles in magazines on this cooker being the best.If you are going to spend 100 bucks on a slow cooker , stop , get one of the higher end rival ones with a timer and then get a nesco roaster . You can cook anything all summer without heating up your kitchen .
 They didnt have any in stock , yet it was there when I tried to order it . So I went home this week without a elephant teapot to brighten my tea time . : -LRB-
 I was desparate for a new pair of scissor tongs . After only a few uses the center rivet is already rusty ; but they have n't fallen apart yet . I purchase one of several brands just so we 'd have them on hand as we grill 3 days a week . This one is typical . At my age I 'm willing to spend the extra money for something that will last the rest of my life , but no such scissor tongs are available online . Really ? We ca n't make these in the US ?
 These are a little wonky . The hinge is loose but they work ok but nest time I will but better ones . .
 These bowls are heavy and not coated well . Black spots show through and I am not pleased with them . My own fault I guess but would not order again !
 I am very disappointed with this product . The stitching when I opened the box was already coming out . With in a couple of times using the two bags I ordered they ripped . The heavy weight canvas is very thin , NOT HEAVY WEIGHT at all .
 I do not like this tote . It already has ripped and does n't hold up to carryingfirewood . Would not recommend it to anyone
 Bought this for $ 30 , now selling for $ 17 . Probably a more reasonable price . Used it about 10 times and already got a hole in it . Nice to have closed ends but the hole defeats the purpose . After reading all the great reviews was hoping for something more durable .
 This is my second bag like this -LRB- my dog got to the first one so it 's life was limited ... the bag that is -RRB- and it really fits the bill . Very durable and handy and a clean way to transport wood from the porch to the stove . The first one lasted for years and I expect many more out of this one.Going to have to modify my review and reduce to two stars because the second bag is not holding up nearly as well as the first . The gauge of the material , that the bag is made out of , must be thinner/lighter . There are several holes started where the wood has poked through ... I 'll be lucky to get two full winters out of this one . Going to have to get out the duct tape to start repairing .
 Stay away from this if you are a serious wood burner . You know who you are . You take in more wood than will fit in the stove because you need the selection to fill the stove right . I have used this for a few weeks and it already is torn . I had a similar one years ago which was indestructible . Just wish I could remember where I bought it .
 I Bought 2 of these for this winter season ; all ready , one has a one inch rip in the bottom . I barley can fit 4 logs in these to carry into the house to fit inside a older model Buck stove that only takes 22 inch logs . Wish I would of bought , a bigger , sturdier model made of leather
 This is low on cost and low on quality . Not for everyday use . You can do better at local discount store .
 I 've had this for less than a month and it 's already got two holes in it . The fabric seems thin for something that 's designed to carry firewood .
 Our first unit lasted all of 2 months before it started belching steam instead of brewing coffee . We took it to an authorized service center , where they indiceted that this was a `` known problem '' and we would be receiving a replacement in the mail . We had our second unit for barely a month when it started leaking . Instead of trying to get another replacement , I 'm already shopping for a new machine - this unit will find a happy home in the landfill . This model is not a good buy at any price .
 I have had two of these , and both were terrible . About a month after use , the clock area starting filling up with steam , making it impossible to read or set . Finally , after about 2 months they stopped brewing . Worst coffee maker I have ever owned . If I could give this thing 0 stars , I would .
 We received this as a gift , and have been using it for two weeks . So far , it has n't conked out on us as have the coffee makers described by the other two reviewers , but ours is still relatively new.Still , there are some design glitches that are steps backward from our 10-year-old Mr. Coffee that this unit replaces . -LRB- As the old machine still works , I believe we will store it for awhile in case this one dies . -RRB- Here is what I 've noticed so far : - The carafe has a substantial inside lip . It must be turned completely upside down to empty , which is awkward.-The top of the coffee maker is a lid within a lid . The smaller lid , towards the back of the top , is what you lift to pour water in . The larger lid is what you lift in order to pull out the filter basket . Every time you lift the larger lid , water drips down around the back edge of the coffee maker . You must wipe the back of the coffee maker and the counter top , every time you access the filter basket.-This unit comes with a charcoal filter , which is supposed to filter out chlorine from the water . But the tabs on the filter holder are too short ; instead of resting on the edge of the plastic coffee filter basket , the charcoal filter rests instead on the edges of the flimsy paper filter . -LRB- The instructions recommend you use a permanent filter , which I do n't like because they let through coffee sediment . -RRB- The first time this thing causes the paper filter to collapse and allows coffee grounds into the brewed coffee , the charcoal filter is going in the trash.-The charcoal filter also drips water slower than the coffee maker drips water into it ; water fills the top of the charcoal filter and then drips over the edges into the coffee grounds , thus negating at least some of the supposed benefit of the charcoal filter.-This coffee maker has a big footprint , taking up more space on our counter than did our old programmable 12-cup Mr. Coffee.-Confusing buttons . To turn on the coffeemaker , you touch `` Select . '' To turn it off , you touch `` Select '' again . This could be a benefit if you want to insure that no one other than a trained individual uses the coffee maker.-It beeps five times when brewing is complete . If you are hoping to make a pot of coffee without waking up anyone else nearby , this is not the coffee maker for you .
 This has got to be the absolute worst coffee maker ever produced . We have this unit only two months , water leaks out the back , steam leaks up through the top lid . It 's like a little Chernobyl.Pour six cups of water in and you 're lucky to get out four cups.This is the second one we 've tried , thinking the last one was just a bad unit -- but it was n't . This is a true , genuine piece of junk ! DO NOT waste your money on this !
 For all of the reasons already stated above and a few more , this coffeemaker is a real dog . After it began spilling coffee all over the counter rather than in the pot during the brew cycle , I finally realized that it must go . Today it will be replaced !
 I bought this unit and have had it for less than a year . It has completely stopped working with no hope of salvation . It would have broken sooner but I 've had several periods of weeks where I stopped drinking coffee . Additionally , it shuts itself off after 2 hours . When I called the manufacturer about this 2-hour shut off they stated all Mr. Coffee coffee makers are built this way .
 I bought the coffeemaker thinking that it would be a decent product for the price . It looks good and it has a nice feature set but beyond its aesthetics and functionality this thing is very cheap!The main issues I experienced were as follows :1 -RRB- It leaked . And I do n't mean a little dribble here and there ; it created puddles . See the other reviews .2 -RRB- Within less than a year it started to randomly stop during the brew process , almost as if it thought it was done . The unit almost became completely useless .3 -RRB- The coffee maker tainted the coffee with the great taste of plastic . As a person that really likes a good cup of coffee , this might have been the worst offense . Of course a coffeemaker should at least work .4 -RRB- The amount of steam that escaped seemed unusual . The finished brew was always short by about a cup or two .5 -RRB- The heating plate worked but did n't keep the coffee hot .
 The heating element on mine quit working after 4 months . This is clearly a defective item and should be avoided ! DO NOT BUY !!
 Do NOT waste your money on this product . It is of VERY POOR quality . It is SUPPOSED to be canvas-it is the thinnest canvas we ever saw . We used it 3 or 4 times & found holes in the bottom . We also found the seams are starting to fray . It is NOT worth the money we paid .
 I was pleased at the looks of the mirror . but when I opened the accordin arm it would not stay in place and swung freely . I have used this type of mirrors for many years , so was dissappointed that I could not use this mirror for the purpose that it was made .
 When I first purchased this item , I thought it was great . However , with the test of time , it has become a piece of junk . Of course , I was past the time for returning it and the warrany had expired . First the threads on the base of the mirror stripped out . I am quite handy and was able to make a replacement part out of solid brass rod . Then , one of the rivets that are at the joint of the scissors action broke . I ended up using a brass rivet to replace it , but it did n't match the others . Not long after , two more rivets failed . The brass frame around the mirrorbegan to discolor . So , it ended up looking like something from a used junk store , not suited to be in out nice . Needless to say , the mirror `` lives with the fish . '' A piece of junk .
 Yes , yes the plates are very nice . But some idiot glued the price sticker on the front of the all the plates instead of the back . The adhesive used on these stickers must be crazy glue . I had to soak the plates for a week before I could remove that adhesive . So do n't expect to eat with these plates unless you like eating ink , paper , and glue . Good Luck .
 Farberware FCP412 12-Cup Electric Percolator , Stainless Steel with Black AccentsI bought this to replace a GE -LRB- for Wal-Mart -RRB- percolator coffee pot , but it was a mistake . There is no indicator light to tell you when it 's on and the short cord makes it difficult to pour the coffee . The huge basket probably holds enough coffee to brew 24 cups , but is unmarked , so you have to measure what you need before you add it . Plus when you make 12 cups , the bottom of the basket sits in the water , something I 've never seen before.The old GE cost half as much , had a cover that was notched for easy insertion and removal , and had a glass tube on the outside to indicate how much coffee was left in the pot . Plus I could pour the coffee without having to put the spout into the cup , since its cord was longer.I do not recommend this product . Based upon other 's reviews of its poor longevity , I probably wo n't have to keep it very long .
 My relatives and neighbors all used Farberware electric pots for years . My mother used a glass Pyrex percolator on top of the stove . When I grew up I knew for sure that I wanted a Farberware electric percolator . I heard everyone rave about them and I knew that my nextdoor neighbor 's coffee tasted much better than my mother 's . I had my own six cup Farberware percolator for about 15 years before I exchanged it for a new one - it still worked but I got married and needed a larger pot.We have had terrible luck with our new Farberware pots , which are manufactured in China . They used to be manufactured in the Bronx-and what a difference . We 've had electrical cord problems-pump problems-they burn out in less that 3 years now.I would gladly pay more if they would make a product that would last . It is very frustrating to see the quality of these pots going down .
 I have been a faithful customer to Farberware for 35 years . I am so disappointed with my 12 cup coffee pot that I recently purchased ! The top of the pot is so difficult to take off , every time I open it to remove the grinds it is a terrible struggle . I have been splashed with hot coffee several times . Another problem is the stainless steel is not the quality of the older models and no longer percolates a great cup of coffee as the older models . Another problem is that inside the pot where the pour spout is the opening is a small hole and when you pour the coffee it comes out slow and if you tilt the pot more the coffee splatters out all over the place . Be cautious that no one is near as you pour because they can get burned . I rate it a ZERO .
 Very shoddy product . After 2 months , handle broke off . Amazon replace defective unit . New unit , after 6 months use , no longer makes hot coffee , but warm coffee.Have used Farberware for years , no complaints before this . It 's $ 50 - $ 60 a pop for one of these coffee makers , but they 're not worth it . When this 2nd unit finally poops out , will definitely not buy another Farberware unit . They 're made by Black & Decker , so you think between the two firms they 'd get it right . They have n't .
 Initial review
 I have bought this percolator not once , not twice , but three times . It 's terrible . It does n't last more than six months . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this coffee pot on Sept 6 , 2006 for $ 32.95 from Amazon . It went out about a year ago , and I replaced it with an identical one I found on sale at JC Penny for $ 24.95 . That one just went out . The part that goes bad is a $ 5 thermostat , and you ca n't get one that will replace the original . There is a thermostat available on Amazon , but it both requires some tedious modification to get it to fit and it does not last - just like the original . Now , Amazon/Faberware wants $ 40 for this piece of junk . No Way ! I love the size for 2 people , and it makes good coffee . However , it will not last . I 've had 2 of them since Sept 6 , 2006 , and they 're both in the landfill now . It 's time to try another brand !
 First , I have to say these units really do make the very best tasting coffee . But , I think Farberware 's manufacturing quality has taken a nose-dive at some point over the last twenty years.Both my mom and my mother-in-law used these Farberware percolators for years and years without breakdowns . In fact , my mother-in-law 's 8 cupper is still going strong and she 's been using it since before I met my wife in 1980 . Then , about 21 years ago , we got a 12-cup Farberware percolator for a wedding present and used it for over 15 years without any problem . It ceased operation one morning and I assigned it to old age . 15 + years is all I could ask of a product that 's used almost every day even though it has no moving parts.However , since then , probably around 1996-1997 , we 've owned three other Farberware percolators , all 12-cup models . Each one has had one or more problem including broken top , broken base , broken handle , bad cord and electrical shorting . Now , I would n't say we pamper our appliances , but neither do we abuse them . None of our units were ever dropped and we never , ever submerged them in water . Some of the problems are dangerous , like the handle that chose to break -LRB- the top part of the handle simply came off -RRB- with a full pot of hot coffee in it . Fortunately , the bottom of the handle , which slides on , held on just long enough so the coffee did n't spill . But our most recent pot , purchased around the holidays in 2001 , almost electrocuted me last week . Just after I plugged it in to make coffee one morning , I was checking to make sure the top was secure by pressing on the metal top . My other hand was resting on our metal range top . I got a very severe shock . That unit is on its way to a land-fill . My advice is to steer clear of these units . I am looking for an alternative because we truly enjoy the great taste of coffee that comes from this percolator . I know that an Italian company , DeLonghi , makes an electric percolator in both 2-8 and 2-12 cup sizes . There may be others . If you know of other companies that make electric percolators , please post a review . I 'm also considering trying to find an older Farberware model to buy if I can find one that 's still boxed . The older units were of much better workmanship .
 had one for over ten years , loved it . now they 're made in china and i 've had to buy 2 in the last year . i 'm an aircraft mechanic and the thermostat has failed . it 's a 5 dollar part and farberware refuses to sell the part or even identify the part number for it . if the coffemaker is within 18 months of the datecode on the bottom they 'll replace it . what a waste of time and effort !! if i had the part i could fix it in ten minutes . farberwares ' customer service reps on the phone are the worst . you can get the thermostat for the larger models probably because of the higher cost . if this were an aircraft , there would be an emergency bulletin sent out to replace the part with one that is more reliable . farberware has really dropped the ball on quality and service . if this were one of my products i would be embarrassed to sell it . i would recall the entire lot until it was fixed . if you google fcp412 you 'll find dozens of complaints .
 I have purchased 2 of these pots in the last 16 months . The last one in Feb. . They both worked great for 6 months or so then the heating units seem to fail . Only got warm tan water this morning ! Same thing my last one did after about 8 months ! Great pot if you only need one for 6 months . Am on Amazon looking for something that will last a little longer !
 We also bought the FCP12 after years of hearing from satisfied Farberware users . Unfortunately it only worked about three months until it also made lukewarm , tea - like coffee . I removed the bottom and wiggled the wires and it worked great for another month or so . After a few times of this monkey business , I contacted Farberware and was told I had voided my warranty by removing a single nut from the base . The best they could offer was a refurbished unit at half price . Shipping would be on me both directions as well , I told them I would not pay any price for another one of their products , based on our experience and their lack of any desire to acknowledge the widespread problem or help to fix it . I am going to try replacing the thermostat , as I like perked coffee , but I am not convinced it will last any longer , time will tell .
 I 've used and enjoyed the 4 cup and 8 cup Farberware percolators for over ten years but due to a recent and potentially dangerous mishap have decided to find another coffee machine . About 3 weeks ago I plugged in my 4 cup percolator only to have it immediately spew a rocket like emission of flames into my kitchen - literally a 4 foot stream of fire ! Black burning bits of plastic flew across the room . My husband saw the flames from the other room - ran in , unplugged it and threw it in the sink . I have since contacted Farberware who has sent me paid postage to return the percolator for examination . The woman on the phone could offer no explanation . Let me also add that this particular machine was not even a year old . Very scary .
 Had the same pot for years but let water get into the base socket and it rusted out . Always enjoyed the great flavor . Bought the new one in June and by Aug it does n't brew the coffee completely , producing a weak cup of java . Other complaints I 've read echo this same problem . I tried a number of things including ice cold water even with ice chips trying to bring back the old flavor . No luck . We buy coffee ten cans at a time and tried water/coffee brands/cleaning/etc . , all those combo 's but just colored water as the final product . Any ideas ??? I 'm now going to find out about warranty info ... be careful ... I hope it 's just a defective one and not a company trying to cut corners . Miss that cup of coffee .
 I 've always loved the taste of perked coffee but never owned a percolator . After much research I purchased the 4-8 cup farberware . It perked for 1-1/2 minutes then steamed for 4-5 . The coffee flavored water was awful . Huge dissapointment . I sent it back for another ... same thing . At least Amazon was a terrific return policy . I purchased a third at a department store ... the same . I notice the on-line price has come down since then . Odd that the 12 cup is double the price . My guess is they 're unloading the defective ones . Run , back to your drip !
 We love coffee and have had a very hard time replacing our old Krup . After 3-4 drip pots in the last couple of years I decided to try a percolator . I read the reviews and this one seemed ideal . I was wrong . It makes lousy coffee . We 've tried different amounts , different kinds all with the same result - lousy . The instructions state you should take the basket of coffee grounds out of the percolator before you pour the first cup . I hope you have fingers of steel . It 's HOT and in every pot the basket was still full of water with the grounds . Which was made worse when I tried the filters that were recommended to go with this percolator . Long story short I am returning it .
 bought this through amazon , on october 18,2010 , only 6 months old , the coffee is at room temperature when poured ... who do i return it to ? I LOST THE RECEIPT ... also bought a all in one rubber broom , it broke , genesis 21 shop , they said they only sell them , they do not replace them ... WHO DO I GO TO FOR HELP ?
 THE TUBE THAT TAKES THE WATER UP THROUGH THE COFFEE GROUNDS DOES NOT FIT INTO THE BOTTOM HOLE OF THE POT , CONSEQUENTLY WITHOUT THAT CONNECTION , THE COFFEE CAN NOT BREW .
 this coffee pot does not work at all , makes the weakest coffee not worth the moneyhttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GDF3SU/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I love my Farberware coffee pot 2-4 cups , I take it out of town with me whenever I go . It makes wonderful coffee and well worth the price ... Terry
 I 've had two of these during the past year year . The first one lasted about three months , and the second one just died . Both were used only once a day in the a.m. . The Farberware name used to be synonymous with quality . No longer . This piece of junk has soured me on all Farberware products . Caveat emptor .
 I went through an extensive review process before choosing this item . Within six months after purchasing the item through this medium , and using the item less than 10 times , I am having problems with it . The unit refuze to work ! The electrical cord tested O.K. -LRB- tester -RRB- , thereby leaving the suspicion that the unit is not working.How , on earth , do I get a replacement unit without having the original box to ship it back to the manufacturer . Otherwise , the coffee from the unit was good and the versatility of the unit was adequate to use . I need an answer .
 Just bought this pot from Macy 's to replace my old Farberware -LRB- 4-12 cup -RRB- pot . It was dead out of the box . It would not stop perking ... it perked for 15 minutes and boiled away half of the water in the pot . My previous Farberware pot lasted less than two years ... . Compared to our original Farberware pot that lasted about 15 years , the new ones made in China do not stand up to the made in America ones . The stainless steel is thinner and does not have the feel of the old pot . The cord is so short that you almost can not pour a cup of coffee without pulling the cord out tof the socket . Macy 's gave me a full refund today ... . HEY FARBERWARE - START MAKING THEM IN AMERICA SO YOU CAN SELL A SUPERIOR PRODUCT AGAIN ! UNTIL THEN , CUISINART HERE I COME ! ps ... their website is terrible and I could not find any details about the pot ... Should be zero stars . . Amazon did not let me leave the star field unchecked...11-18-12 update ... . So I tried the Cuisinart 12 cup percolator ... it made a weak cup of coffee following the levels of water and coffee marks in the pot ... also made in China ... since I do n't like using more coffee than I used with the Farberware pot , back it went and I got a refund ... there is no way to increase the perking time to get a stronger brew ... looked at reviews on Amazon for other brands and went to Sears and picked up a PRESTO 12 cup perk pot ... also made in China ... there appears to be no perk pot made in America that I could find . . -LRB- even SEARS coffee makers are made in China -RRB- BUT I like the Presto pot ! Pros
 I 've been a Farberware user for several decades . Have used other brands but none can compare with the Farberware percolator 4 - , 8 - and 12-up versions . The problem is they do n't last forever ... but then what does .
 I was looking for a replacement for my coffee maker - the space saver by black and decker . It has MAJOR PROBLEMS ! So does my Black and Decker coffee grinder . My friends suggested Faberware . But it 's made by Black and Decker - and the reviews for this percolator that state broken parts and failure only strengthen my belief that ANYTHING MADE BY BLACK AND DECKER HAS CHEAP PARTS AND DOES NOT LAST . What 's more Black and Decker KNOWS OF THIS PROBLEM BECAUSE YOU CAN NOT CONTACT THEM DIRECTLY even if you just want to replace a part.Consensus - DO NOT BUY ANY BLACK AND DECKER PRODUCTS !
 I 've never had a perc before , but got one after years of having to microwave the tepid coffee drip coffeemakers make . I ca n't believe how weak the percolated coffee is . I ca n't add any more coffee , as there is no more room in the basket . So I will continue to search for a good , hot strong cup of coffee . It 's not going to come from this machine .
 I bought this little pot after I tasted perked coffee at a private , catered brunch . The caterer had one of those big , cheap old-fashioned percolators . I poured a cup , took a sip and OMG ! That was the BEST cup of coffee I have ever had ! I asked him if it was the brand of coffee he was using and he said no , that it was just regular coffee but that the percolator made a difference.Anyway , I bought the Farberware 4-cup since I would be making coffee for myself only most mornings . I 've been using it for about 9 months . Well , this morning I plug it up and nothing happens . I check the connections and they seem to be ok . I unplug the cord from the pot and replug , nothing . So then I had to dump out the water and coffee . After examining the pot , I heard something jingling inside . I looked at the bottom and noticed that one of the little metal prongs where the plug plugs into the pot was gone . It 's inside the bottom of the damn pot ! Evidently those prongs deteriorate and then break off.I want to get the 4-cup repaired , but I will probably have to spend the same as it would cost to buy a new one . This does n't seem cost effective to me . Plus , if Farberware is cutting corners using cheaper parts , then they should lower the cost of the pot!What I did like about this pot is that it heated very quickly . It took about 2 minutes to brew 4 cups . The coffee tasted fine . The one drawback is that the pot does not turn off . You MUST unplug it immediately after you pour -LRB- if you have memory lapses -RRB- . If you forget to unplug it , the pot will continue to heat and burn up all residue left inside.Oh , one more thing . If you use regular ground store-bought coffee , you will have `` mud '' at the bottom of your cup . You would probably need to grind your own beans more coarsely to eliminate the mud or use a paper coffee filter inside the basket . I just tolerate the mud .
 I ordered this item for work and waited and waited -LRB- nearly 3 weeks -RRB- for it to arrive . Finally , I received an email that it had been damaged in shipping and was on its way back to the warehouse . What 's up with that ? I would not order from this company again , and am surprised at the subpar customer service offered by this Amazon-related supplier .
 Farberware FCP240 Electric Percolator STARTED TO FAIL AFTER 13-14 MONTHSAND COMPLETELY DIED AT THE BEGINNING OF MAY .
 I was dissappointed with this product . I prefer the traditional stove top ones to this and it consumes 3 times more coffree powder than the traditional ones but gives a very light decauction . Although the process is quick , the decauction is not stronger , like in the stove top ones , which really make good coffee . Also i feel the price is too high given its performance , although it 's very neat looking and all . . i sent back in no time and amazon was very responsive as usual ... I 'm currently using a stove top one from farberware and that works best . .
 My wife and I have used Farberware percolators for more than twenty years . When our old 8-cupper finally died we finally opened the box of a new FCP 280 my wife had purchased as a back-up several months ago . We were appalled at the cheap construction . This new one weighed about half of what our old one did which indicated a severe cheapening of materials . The unit is sealed inside so ca n't be repaired . The cord was very annoying . It is only 24 inches long and barely allows us in to be able to set it on our kitchen counter with the unit plugged in . The connector that plugs into the pot has been changed so we ca n't substitute one of our old , longer cords . I guess Farberware saved another 25 cents by making the cord a foot shorter . Sadly , it appears Farberware has gone the way of many other previously well-made appliance brands . We now know we wo n't be buying any more Farberware products . My wife has said she is not even going to wait for it to break down . It will be replaced soon by another brand . Save your money and buy something else . Actually I would rate this zero stars if I could .
 This was my second Farberware 4 cup coffee pot . My first one was vintage and lasted for almost 10 years . The heating element went out on it and I just decided to buy a new one . The new one is definitely not the same quality - lightweight and not a solidly built , but it makes a great cup of coffee . -LRB- Quick , easy to use , great tasting , hot , hot coffee !!!! -RRB- Within 8 months -LRB- bought it in late March and it died in November -RRB- the thing is dead . One prong came loose and then disappeared into the base , then shortly after the second prong came loose . So there was only 1 prong left to plug the cord into and of course , it does n't heat up.My son and I attempted to `` fix '' it because I could n't find my receipt ... which I am certain would negate any warranty that I might have had.I wo n't buy another one .
 Have used farberware pot 's for 20 years . Mine broke in March of 2010 , it was only 21/2 years old . Ordered new one , has lasted 7 months and does not function properly .
 My husband and I have been married for almost 50 years , and during that time we have had TWO Farberware percolators -- first an 8 cup , then for the next 25 or so years the 12 cup . Never a problem with daily use except finally the heating element gave out on each , mind you after 25 years ! A few months ago our daughter presented us with a new 12 cup , our third one , for a gift . It worked okay for about a month , and then we could n't get the coffee to drip through . We thought we were pouring coffee , but instead water came out or very weak coffee . We wrestled with it for weeks trying to figure out what the problem was , cleaned all the little drippy slots , brushed the basket , etc. . Then I read on-line the darn pots are now made in China -- junk , junk , junk . We threw it in the trash . I ca n't figure out why manufacturers would rather produce junk than quality -- I know we wo n't buy another Farberware percolator , so there 's money lost there . I 've told many friends to avoid them , and I 'm writing a bad review . Sad state .
 I purchased this item less than a year ago . It made wonderful coffee for a few months.The problom began when the heat element failed to brew hot coffee . The result was a watery substance unfit for drinking . The pot now resides as a decoration on top of my fridge . What a disappointment !
 Bought it for myself for Christmas , went to use it and found that the top is so tight and hard to take off I had to practically tackle it . Needless to say I knew right away I did n't want to struggle with a coffee pot and never used it . Decided to send it right back . It appears nice and sturdy , well made too , perhaps I just got a bumm one but I 'm not trying another .
 To be honest , I do not own this specific model . My review is about what looked like and was sold as the exact same pot a few years ago . Correction , the three pots I bought a few years ago.When three pots failed -LRB- coffee not hot , electic sparks , heating element went -RRB- I did a little research . I do not have all the detail handy anymore , but I remember , the origial Farberware company was a privately held company located in the Bronx , NY . The original owners chose to sell the company instead of giving in to the landlord ; do not believe it was a product or employee issue.I believe licensing / ownership of the brand name changed a number of times . Today it is owned by Lifetime Brands , Inc. , and the Meyer Co. holds the license to market products under the Farberware brand name . I think I got all this right ; who owns and who licenses the right to market products under a brand name gets complicated.Serve it to say , the Farberware brand our mothers knew and loved is not the brand you see on the shelves today . It 's a darn shame . That pot made the best cup of cofee you could get , and it was HOT!P.S . I purchased and had to replace / eventually return the Presto Percolator I purchased at WalMart as well . I no longer trust electronics sold by WalMart as I do not believe they meet the same spes as a similar looking models sold in department stores . I might be wrong , but too many returns to trust further.An interesting read
 Im saddened , yes saddened , to have to write this review . Easy to use , makes good coffee , BUT what but `` junk '' can you call a $ 40 appliance that lasts less than 4 months . I 've been using these for many years and expected and accepted that after a couple of years of daily use it would need to be replaced . Then a couple of years became a year ; a year became less than a year . This last one lasted 3.5 months . It 's almost cheaper to go out for coffee at this point . So alas , this is my last one . Time to move on . What a shame .
 I bought this coffee maker to save counter space . It is quite small , and it does make coffee , but it heats up the coffee way too hot and gives it a burned taste . It helps a little to use refrigerated water , and to unplug it immediately after it finishes brewing , but it still burns the coffee and stays ridiculously hot for a long time after it 's unplugged . I wish I had bought the stovetop version and not sacrificed quality for convenience .
 I bought this coffee pot about a year ago and only used it occasionally . The last time I tried to use it the part where you plug the cord into the base of the coffee pot collapsed , making the pot unusable . I thought I was getting a quality coffee pot that would last for years , like my old Farberware percolator did , but apparently they are not made as well as they used to be .
 My wife and I have been using Farberware percolators for over 30 years . They make GREAT coffee , brew fast and a good looking . We use it every day and have always had two - the 8 and 12 cup units - on hand . The eight cup is used weekdays when I am out the door with a thermal cup and the larger pot is used on weekends when I have time to drink more at home . The pots have typically last 3-4 years until the thermostat failed . No problem , well worth the cost of the pot.Unfortunately . when we bought a new 8 cup pot late last year , Farberware redesigned the cord and plug from a two prong design to a three prong design . The design in poor and not durable . We have now gone through two pots in less than 12 months with the same failure point - the plastic around the prong cracks and they fall out . I am not sure if this is due to the plug design or heat-plastic related issue but in any event this pot is no longer worth it 's cost . We are nursing our 12 cup now hoping it dos n't fail on us and have just ordered a Presto 6 cup as a backup.In doing research , I did note that the Farberware Company sold the coffee poy line a few years ago Russell and Hobbs , so perhaps that is the cause of the problem .
 be advised , do n't buy ... all the critical reviews are true ... after less than 3 weeks , the brewing cycle just died , the result always weak coffee ... i was up to 10 tablespoons of coffee for the 4 cups and finally gave up and am returning this chinese knock off to amazon ... cheaply made , it will shut off brewing for you , sooner or later , giving you a consistent cup of lightly colored water to ruin your morning ... this product should not be sold by amazon
 The cord is short and the top is extremely hard to come off . When you are finally able to pry the top off there are wet coffee grinds everywhere ...
 It used to be that newlyweds would receive a Farberware percolator coffee pot as a wedding gift and could be assured of two things
 After owning My Farberware electric Percolater for a bit over a year , it did not perk long enough to make a decent cup of coffee ...
 I bought the Farberware 8-cupe percolator on the strength of Amazon customer reviews and enjoyed piping hot , delicious coffee for about a year . Then , the percolator began to deliver only a lukewarm and very weak brew . I am trying to decide whether I should try another brand of percolator or return to my French press .
 After only six months of occasional use , this percolator stopped working . Prior to that , the handle had come off after the perculator was knocked over . -LRB- I kept using it , nonetheless . -RRB- The handle was attached only with a miniscule weld , maybe an 1/8 inch diameter . Maybe these percolators used to be good , but I was very dissatisfied , especially considering the price .
 I was extremely disappointed with this purchase ... the entire workings to actually make coffee were not in the box when I gave it as a gift ... I had to contact the vendor ... very time consuming btw ... to get the missing parts which took ten days to come in ... what a waste
 I 'm so absolutely disappointed in this coffee maker . I had bought the 4-8 cup percolator almost a year ago . I noticed last week that it had what looks to be a spot on the bottom that appears to be a hole burning thru . I decided to get the larger pot ... and while the cord is now more heavy duty ... pouring the coffee is a total nightmare . It trickles out so slow that it takes forever to get a cup . What the heck happened ? The basket seems SO large . I do n't recall the previous basket being this large in my last 12 cup maker . Also ... upon comparing the holes to the 4-8 cup ... this one sits up further ... which makes for a plop plop kind of pour . If that makes sense . I am now looking for a new coffee maker ... and will never buy another farberware ... ever . I 've owned them for 20 years and they 've always been the best up until a few years back . DISAPPOINTED !
 The handle is attached with tiny spot welds . It broke off in less than a month . The design is inappropriate for , well , actual use.As for the coffee , it was great . Not plasticy . Hot . For a month , it was great .
 Makes good coffee at first but it 's all downhill from there . After about three months , coffee gets weaker and colder until its useless . I 've had two in a row that did the same thing .
 We bought this percolator because of its great reviews on amazon . It has been high maintenance from the beginning , but quit working this morning after only 21/2 months . We contacted the manufacturer and found out this is not even being sold any longer and they are refunding our money . Kudos to them for good customer service , but this product is terrible .
 I will make this short , Makes great coffee when it works . But this last one only lasted 10 months so that makes 3 of these coffee makers in 5 years.this one is still under warranty but try and get thru to them .
 did n't last long , sometimes did n't perk the coffee and most of the time it is just lukewarm coffee . NOT the HOT coffee it gave the first 3 months .
 Farberware is not what it used to be . We recently had to retire our third Farberware percolator . On average , they last just over a year . Enough is enough !!! No willing to further perpetuate the cycle with another piece of junk that will fail just after the warranty expires , I decided to contact Farberware . I was seeking to get my hands on a few thermostats so that I can repair the pot once a year as needed . Long story short , Farberware is n't backing their product.I decided to seek out a vintage percolator when they were manufactured in the USA and were a quality product . I hit the thrift stores . If found a Dominion unit that show much wear from years of hard use . Considering the price of four dollars , I was willing to take a gamble.After a thorough cleaning , the think works perfectly . This thing is years old and obviously has some miles on it , but it `` still '' works flawlessly.They just do n't make'em like they used to !!!! It 's a shame that i have to buy used these days to find quality . I would much rather buy new if I though I would get the mileage out of it.Long story short , avoid this one . There are better options out there . It 's had a weak link for some time , Farberware knows it , yet they do n't fix it.As a wise old woman once told me , `` poor people ca n't afford cheap stuff '' . I love the wisdom of that statement !!!
 This works great . It 's stainless steel , which is a plus . But the coffee does not taste very good . The same coffee beans ground for a drip coffee maker taste remarkably better . This makes great coffee beans taste like coffee store generic beans . Also , it take twice as much coffee to make an equal amount of coffee . So , over the long term , it 's more expensive to use .
 I had this coffee pot for two years . After 6 months the knob on top fell off . I tried and tried to contact some one , no response . SO ... I put a piece of duct tape on the lid so the coffee would not spurt out ... yes , very inventive . Still made a fairly good cup of coffee . Now barely two years later the pot does not work at all . It is out of warranty , -LRB- btw ... Black and Decker handle all Farberware now -RRB- so the pot must be replaced . I will not be getting a Farberware , sad to say . My mom AND mother in-law both had Farberware coffee makers ... had them for years . They WERE a great coffee maker . Maybe I just got a `` lemon '' . They are not inexpensive and would hope to have it longer than two years . So beware ... the product does not always live up to its name .
 I purchased 4 cup Farberware percolator and was thrilled with speed and very hot coffee . This morning it could not work . I found the prongs in the plug were just hanging loose and would not make contact . In checking further , they were all just the same.I am VERY unhappy as the warranty has expired and they ask you to send it to Illinois for `` replacement or repair '' which would cost considerable.Farberware is no longer MADE IN AMERICA . Another out sourced company .
 Purchased this product in Nov 2011 , May25 2012 quit working completely I got six month use out of it . Very disapointed after all the great reviews . Rc
 Now the maker stops prematurely , leaving the coffee weak . I 'm having trouble finding parts to fix it.Also the pour hole is too high . Sometimes it 's hard to get the coffee to pour out ... almost like the air needs a way in . So you have to tilt it a lot . When you return it to the counter , coffee goes through the grounds again .
 OverallWhile he coffee pot makes good coffee and has nice capacity , the poor quality materials , wasteful return policy -LRB- a cracked handle -- held on by two screws -- essentially requires throwing away the entire pot -RRB- , and poor customer service significantly lower the rating for this otherwise good unit.Negatives -- Weak handle -LRB- two cracked at same place within four month with once-a-day use -RRB- -- Handle apparently not replaceable -LRB- instead , requires warranty return at owner expense of cord -LRB- yes , cord -RRB- cut in half and proof of purchase -RRB- -- Hard to clean -LRB- narrow top makes internal cleaning hard and can not immerse in water for outside cleaning -RRB- Positives -- Makes good coffee -- No filters to purchase -- Nice stainless steel basket -- Easy morning assembly -- All stainless steel internal parts
 We had a 12 cup pot for years . It finally gave up . Since then we have purchase two , and neither one lasted a year!Too bad , because they did make the best coffee .
 I purchased percolator December 2011 . Worked fine for few months . It perks but coffee is almost clear . Now I am unable to return due to return policy expired on 1-31-2012
 Makes great coffee , when it works . Was pleased when we first received our perculator - makes great coffee . After about 6 months it started acting up ; perking for a couple of minutes and that was it . I contacted Faberware and they sent replacement parts - which did n't work . They then had us cut the cord and send them the piece of cord . They replaced the pot -LRB- to their credit -RRB- , however the new pot quit after about the same amount of time . Love perked coffee , but done with Faberware .
 This is the second and last Faberware coffee pot that we buy . The first one we had a year and that one almost caused a fire . My husband plugged it in the wall and it shorted out . We bought this one that we have now at the end of August 2011 . The other day my husband who always lets me make his cup of coffee said - hey you are n't making the coffee good anymore . Well it turns out that we think the thermostat is gone . Five months !!! We have only had this for 5 months . The coffee is barely warm even when you let it sit for a while . A couple of years ago we had a GE percolator and it was great - we bought it at Walmart . We ca n't find any other brands besides Faberware to buy now though . I am going to call the customer service line tomorrow to see what can be done about this . If they send us another one maybe that will buy us some time so I can find a good brand . These percolators should last years ! Wish me luck in finding a good brand !
 This product has definitely lost its quality . We had a Farberware percolator that lasted 15 years . It finally quit and we bought a new one expecting the same quality . The new one lasted less than 18 months . Customer service department was not helpful . It makes great coffee . But considering its cost and short life span , it 's not worth it . I will not buy a Farberware electric percolator again .
 I have an original Farberware Superfast from 1976 . It still works!I saw these in the store at Kitchen Collection and I had to buy a new one , and store the old one since it was my late mother 's coffee pot.I purchased a 12cup and an 8cup maker.I have n't used the 12 cup one yet , but I 've been using the 8 cup every day since Aug 2011 . The thermostat has already crapped out.It starts the brew cycle and stops halfway through , leaving me with a pot of very weak coffee.Its only 5 months old!Obviously , the new thermostats are not built with the same quality as the old ones.It 's sad , since that is the most important part of the coffee maker.I 'm trying to get an exchange but it is past 90 days.I 'm so far very disappointed in the quality of the thermostat in these new makers.Beware !
 These coffee pots used to be manufactured like tanks . They worked forever and now they work 4-6 months if you 're lucky . Trying to contact the manufacturer is a joke . Their customer service telephone line wo n't answer , the email bounced back . You can go to a horrible website that claims to sell parts - but it is such a shoddy website it is unbelievable . Here 's a list of their companies you should avoid buying products from Farberware , black and decker , juiceman , breadman , Russell hobbs , toastmaster , George Foreman , Litter maid , sonic web -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- and clear2-0 . This is a horrible company that puts out garbage products.Update - someone finally answered the customer service line in India and they told me -LRB- NOW GET THIS -RRB- they no longer make the power cord for a coffee pot I bought 2 months ago from Bed , Bath and Beyond . I 'm going to complain to Bed , Bath and Beyond for working with such a horrible manufacturer .
 I found spots down inside the rim of this coffee pot which is rust . I have n't had the pot but a month . I 'm disappointed and the coffee is not tasting good . It must not be all stainless steel . I paid way too much for a rusty pot .
 I bought this in April and in November it stopped working ... It does not heat up the coffee as it perks any longer . I like to buy perk coffee makers because they are easy to clean and there is no mystery holding tank in the back that you cant see and is probably gross -LRB- My mothers bunn coffee maker quit working after many yrs and I took it apart and it was disgusting inside -RRB- . I will continue on my search for the perfect coffee maker - Farberware is not the way to go.Update - They did honor the warranty - Costs 7.50 for shipping plus you have to send in paperwork and part of the coffee pot . Lets hope this one lasts . UPDATE - The new one they sent me seems to be failing as well ... coffee now comes out pale and you have to pour it back through the grounds to make it taste right - VERY disappointed in Farberware 's quality .
 I bought this percolator in September of last year , after doing lots of research & reading tons of positive reviews . I was a little bit disappointed from the start with this percolator , because I did n't think the taste of the coffee was as good as what I had with my `` antique '' Corningware percolator that had finally given up the ghost . I figured that maybe you just could n't get one that made coffee that good anymore . This pot brewed coffee really fast , which I personally think is what makes the coffee less rich-tasting . There are also lots of grounds in your coffee with this pot.I do n't make coffee every single day ... maybe once or twice a week , and it has already quit working . I think it was a gradual decline because the coffee did n't taste as good and was n't as hot over the last few months . Then , there were a couple of times when I made coffee that came out as just water ! It finally quit on me on Thanksgiving morning , when I had company ! So , I ran to a local store & bought the GE percolator . LOVE it ... coffe tastes as good as with my CorningWare !
 Had the pot a few months , it stopped working . Was given a hard time at Farberware trying to return it .
 I only used it for 3 months and it would n't keep the coffee hot , let alone warm . I wo n't buy another one .
 The old Farberware percolators used to last a minimum of 10 years if not 20 . However , their production quality has dropped dramatically , and so now you are lucky to get three years out of them . My most recent one just died after less than 3 years of use . It looks pretty and the stainless steal is of a good quality , but the electronics do n't last . I am in a market for a new one now because this product broke and I guess it is time to try a new brand . I am tired of having to buy a new percolator every few years .
 THIS IS THE WORST POT ANYONE COULD BUY ! 1ST POT QUIT WORKING AFTER 3 MONTHS ! REPLACEMENT POT MADE WEAK COFFEE ON THE FIRST POT I MADE ! THIS IS NOTHING BUT `` CHINESE TRASH '' THAT WE BUY BECAUSE THE USA DOES NOT MAKE COFFEE POTS ANYMORE !! WITH THE PRICE OF COFFEE GOING UP WHY DO I NEED TO BUY A POT THAT CALLS FOR 2 TABLESPOONS OF COFFEE PER 6 OZ . CUP !! BEWARE OF BUYING THIS POT ! NOTHING BUT TROUBLE !! THIS IS MONEY THAT I HAVE THROWN AWAY ! ANYBODY NEED WRAPAROUND FILTERS THAT I BOUGHT FOR THIS POT ? HAVE ALMOST A CASEFULL OF THEM ! MORE WASTED MONEY ! BlacK & DECKER sent another replacement pot that lasted less than a month ! Worked for 2 weeks perking 8 minutes for 8 vcups , then 5 minutes for 8 cups ! Hot water only , no coffee taste ! IF YOU BUY FARBERWARE OR BLACK & DECKER PRODUCTS YOU ARE THROWING YOUR MONEY IN THE GARBAGE ! ALL COFFEEPOTS ARE MADE IN CHINA TO SELL IN USA!WHEN ARE AMERICANS GOING TO REALIZE THAT CHINESE DO NOT MAKE PRODUCTS THAT ARE WORTH OUR AMERICAN DOLLARS ! I AM TIRED OF WASTING $ $ FOR COFFEE GRINDS , FILTERS IN A POT LIKE THESE ! BUYER BEWARE ! AMAZON NEEDS TO QUIT SELLING ALL OF THESE CHINESE PRODUCTS ! BLACK & DECKER NEEDS TO LEAVE CHINA LIKE THEY LEFT THE USA ! READ WHERE PRODUCTS ARE MANUFACTURED PEOPLE ! THESE POTS ARE NOT CHEAP !
 This was a replacement for a very old Farberware coffee pot - same size and works find.Our new pot does not perk long enough so the coffee is very weak and not very hot . Result is that it is totally useless and it 's been more than 30 days so we just lost the $ ... and I can not seem to find any e-mail web site for Barberware or even an address/phone number.Richard Duxbury ...
 I bought this about a year ago because I had done some research on making better coffee , and percolators generally outranked drip makers . I drink coffee every morning , but usually only 1-2 cups , so this sounded perfect . It worked great for a long time and I was very careful with cleaning/handling since I had read the negative reviews on this model . Initially I would have given it 4-5 stars -LRB- 4 ` cups ' = 2 mugs , and it does n't have an auto shut-off , which can haunt you while you 're at work ... -RRB- . Now I 'm giving it a 2 , only because it did so well out of the gate . The cord fitting on the pot broke -LRB- big surprise ... -RRB- so the prongs were no longer even . I took the bottom of the pot off and got them lined up again , but had to keep the cord plugged into the pot all the time , and just disconnect from the wall outlet . It made me nervous , since some owners had had even worse things happen with the plug . Well , it died on me this morning , and I do n't feel at all confident about attempting another fix . I 've ordered the Presto 6-cup , fingers crossed , because it looks like it could have come from the same manufacturer as the Farberware unit -LRB- hope not -RRB- .
 I bought this a little over a year ago . Worked great for 3 months . Then a friend bought me a new drip coffeemaker so I used that for about a year . Recently went back to this percolator and after about 8 days it now just makes warm ` sorta ' coffee , very weak . You can touch the pot right after the coffee is done and the only place it is close to being hot is the very bottom 1/2 inch by the plastic base .
 When the Farberware FCP280 8-cup Percolator I purchased just a year ago started making warm -LRB- rather than hot -RRB- coffee , I purchased a new one . I did n't hesitate because this percolator has consistently made a wonderfully rich cup of coffee . Over the past year the spout has been redesigned and now annoyingly spurts , splashes and dribbles coffee all around the cup as I pour . A shortening of the basket stem has effected a shifting of the grounds basket while pouring that makes the pot feel unbalanced , heavy and awkward . Please , Farberware Engineers , may we have our old design back ! It was perfect . My new pot is in the trash .
 I purchased the 8 cup machine for my husband for Christmas . Initially I was impressed with the look and feel of it . Then I went to make coffee for him . I have previously only used an old perculator borrowed from a friend . Her old one performed better than this new one . It is very hard to measure how much water to put in the pot , there are really no tell tale lines on the inside of the machine . It does perk very quickly , but is very noisy about it . There is no on off switch , you have to unplug it . Which can be bad as there is no light or anything letting you know the machine is still on . Several times now , my husband has made coffee and forgotten and left it plugged in all day long . My friends old pot not only had an on/off switch but it lit up when the coffee was done . All I had to do was glance at it during the day to see if it was still heating . Plus her old machine had a see through gauge with a little ball in it to show the water level . I was so pleased with using a perculator I thought I 'd buy my husband a brand new one . I am dissapointed with this machine . I think I 'll start checking out yard sales to find another one like my friends .
 I have gone through six of these pots in four years . I just bought another one . The old one lasted nine months . Someone in my house insists on having these coffepots , so I keep buying them . They make good perked coffee , but just do n't have any longevity . It 's too much trouble and costly to mail them back to the manufacturer . I have had numerous different problems , the most common being that they burn out . On one pot , the cord socket fell apart after a few months .
 Bought 8 cup percolator from Amazon . Lasted 5 days and stopped working . My old one was in use for 20 years . The new one the metal is about half as thick . When the coffee pot came the the coffee was wonderful.Don ' t know if these are made in China or what . They had better improve quality or go out of business .
 I have purchased two of these percolators in the last three years . One to replace the other due the warranty being expired . Both stopped working shortly after the warranty . The first did not keep coffee hot and the second one did not work at all after a year or so , also heating problem . Prior coffee percolator from Farber purchased in the 80 's , way back when , lasted many years so I purchased two again ... both have been disappointing . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . I am going to try a different brand . Too bad because I did like the way the coffee came out when it did work !
 Our previous Farberware coffeemaker lasted over 4 years . This one lasted 31/2 months . Yesterday morning , one of the prongs in the base broke off , making the pot unusable.There was a time when Farberware sold high-quality products . Sadly , those days are apparently gone . This Chinese-made percolator is garbage.J & R ; Music World gives a 30-day guarantee . Farberware gives one year and has not responded after several attempts .
 On Sept. 3rd I made this purchase . Sometime it worked and sometime it did not ! I returned it to Applica Consumer Products on Oct 12th . I am still waiting for a replacement because , `` It is on backorder . '' Today , 11/23 , I called for the sixth time . I received the same story.They 're coming in in a week . When I asked how do I get a refund , I was told they do n't make refunds . You do n't need the aggravation . Go to a store and buy it . If it does n't work , you can take it back and get your money !! Joan Kmiecik
 Brought the Farberware 8-Cup Percolator in September ,2009 and it lasted for only two weeks . They are sending me a replacement , but I am without a coffee maker until it comes . Their products today are not the same quality as the older Farbware products .
 This is the LAST TIME I will ever buy a Farberware Percolator . I have purchased aprox 1 a year for the last 5 years they do n't last beyond that . My last purchase was Aug 2009 . I had it for only one month and the prongs came loose and fell inside the base . It is useless to try and get this fixed . It 's a shame Farberware used to be a trusted name but not any more.I would have given it Zero stars but amazon makes you give it at least one star in order to write the review
 I loved my farberware coffee pots . The old adage `` They do n't make 'em like they used to '' could not be truer in this case . The pot made cold , lousy coffee . I returned it after 2 tries .
 I got 20 years out of my first Farberware 12 cup percolator . I did n't want to believe the reviews I read elsewhere that they have been cheapened to the point of not being worth buying - but they were right . The one I purchased new less than 2 years ago has stopped working .
 It worked well until it was accidentally submerged in water . After that it stopped working , so instead of coffee I am eating my cinnamon rolls with a coke.I was able to take the bottom off and dry it out . Its working again , but I now just rinse out the pot .
 I bought this percolator because I read all these great feedbacks from the previous customers . However , my opinion is very different from others . I was not born in the U.S. , so I am really not used to American style of water-down coffee at all . I like my coffe bold and full of aroma . This machine , however , does not provide these elements at all ! Worse , the coffee made from this percolator can not even compare to dripped coffee . At least , in dripped coffe , I can still taste some coffee flavor . All I got from this percolator , is black-pigmented hot water . I am disappointed of this percolater , but it 's a good water kettle , so I gave it 2 stars .
 First , my spreader lid did n't fit properly . The company sent me a new pot -LRB- no charge to me -RRB- . Now , I am just not happy with the coffee that it brews . Too muddy . I am going back to my drip pot .
 Loved farberware for many years but this is the second coffee pot I have purchased in the last year . I bought the 10 cup and it just recently stopped working properly . It only perks half way through the coffee making process . I am very disapointed to say the least and now out of my return timeframe as I bought it in March 2012 .
 My first farberware coffee maker lasted about 25 years - great product . The second one lasted about 10 years - not bad . The third one lasted less than three years . In an attempt to contact the company directly , I have had no response . The product can not be repaired and this must be the company plan to sell more coffee makers . Stay away from this product . Now if I could find someone who makes a quality percolator .
 Hello , I am writing to you about a Farberware product # FCP240 2-4 Cup percolator I purchase July of 2011 , that is not working any more.I would also like to let you know that I have a 2-8 cup perc . Model # 138-TZ serial # 1513998 , and have a 2-12 electric coffemaker Model V-R 142B . these coffee pots I received as a Wedding present in 1961 Yes 50 years ago , I use them constanly and they are both working well.The only difference the two I received as a wedding present were made in the USA . And the one I purchased last year waas made in China.I think this country needs to bring back products that are made in the Usa.ThankyouPatricia Cullitypo Box 663Pembroke , Ma 02359
 Used to be great . Now , for reasons I do n't know , makes weak `` coffee water '' after ` percolating ' . Some of the grounds are still dry .
 I love the coffee made by a Faberware pot , however , they are not quality-built any longer . The pot that I purchased in Oct. 2010 just stopped working as did the one that I purchased in 2008 which failed in 2010 . It seems that they are manufactured to last 2 years , tops . Unless you are willing to replace it every two years and have an `` on-call '' back-up when it fails without warning , I would stay away . It 's a shame but so goes so many products made today that do n't meet the quality of the past .
 Very noisy and takes too long to brew . Boxed it up to return but I misplaced the packing slip . Will keep using mom 's very old Corelle electric percolator .
 It probably cost them $ 10 to make this thing . The rest is your contribution to the super-rich CEO salary of this company . The original Mr. Farber must be turning in his grave.Made in China . It worked great for the summer but for the last week it 's been luke warm . We did n't realize it was the unit `` cooling off '' our coffee - so fast , until today . I wish I had looked at the negative feedback on this before I bought it . But I am 63 and I loved these units all my life , until now . I will probably open it up and see if I can modify it , but I really do n't need another handyman project repairing Chinese junk . I have enough of those weekend jobs to do already.By now you must have heard that the financial capital industry disassembled factories all over this country in the last two decades and reassembled them all over China . Ameircan workers mostly did this task before they got laid off , so it must have felt like they were digging their own income graves , to bury their own jobs.When we bought it , we thought the high price implied quality , but we got fooled again.I once thought Chinese industry might improve in quality the way Taiwan and Korea once did . But China is a communist state , centrally controlled and regulated , and there is little incentive for them to be competitive . It is mostly young destitute farmer kids from the hinterland working in those factories - sending the money home - in prison-like `` efficiency '' dorm conditions.I am more biased against Chinese products than I ever was , but not the Chinese people , who are good people . I think there are a number of hard-working , honest , resourceful people in China that do really good work , but most of the garbage is sent here .
 I had two Cusinart drip makers from Sams club bot go bad in the first year due to faulty sensor .150 $ wasted.It seems that all these manufacturers are getting or making in China from low quality parts.So I thank all of you for letting me know that this is also going on with perc pots to.I 'm going to buy a stove top perk with no electronics .
 PERC 'S GREAT ... -LRB- BUT -RRB- ... IT BOILS ALL OVER THE COUNTER AND HARDLY NO COFFEE IS LEFT IN POT ... SHAME ON U FARBERWARE !!!
 When i researched -LRB- apparently not well enough -RRB- , and got this 2-4 cup Farberware perc , i could n't have been happier ... after using a mr coffee , this coffee was HOT , and delicious and did n't take long ... a couple months ago , it blew the GFI plug , and i thought it was someone else 's a/c or something ... well , it did it three days in a row this week ... it no longer works , cuts off before it 's done , blows the circuit and therefore , brown water ... i 'm so disappointed ... and now , 20-20 hindsight , i 'm reading the one star and two star reviews and see that this is a common element -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . . amazon , stop selling this piece of crap , please ... i love to order everything from you , and always look to amazon first , but this is such a widespread issue with farberware , you should give them the boot . . thanks
 The first Farberware coffee pot I had lasted over 20 years . Then I ordered this one . It lasted approximately 1.5 years and then started making coffee that looked like tea . Do not buy this . Had to throw it out two weeks ago . Hope this review helps someone before they buy anything from Farberware ...
 I have used this percolator on a daily basis for just over 6 months . Last week the coffee started coming out lukewarm and weak . I have attempted to contact the company to no avail . Their customer service email address does not work and their 800 number says it will take more than 10 minutes to reach someone . This is second coffee pot of theirs to fail on me ; the last one at least lasted more than the warranty period .
 I purchased this item 2 weeks ago and have had problems with the lid since day one . . It is so tight I inevitably have a mess while taking out the basket and other parts of the coffeemaker . This morning I struggled with the lid again , and it ended up burning my arm and hand as the basket flew out and coffee grounds stained my robe and ended up all over my counter and floor . . I have two blisters as a result and a burned arm . I have tried to email Farberware but for some reason the address -LSB- ... -RSB- is not a valid ??? address . . I 'm now afraid to use it . . I thought maybe with use the lid would loosen up eventually but I 'm not going to take the chance of this happening again . .
 After years of usingFarberware FCP240 2-4-Cup Percolator , Stainless SteelThis is the first time I had a problem with one . The lid is to Tight . You need one person to hold the pot and another person to pull it off . Try that when the pot is hot . Went to Macy 's All the same . Do n't ' throw away the old lid if you replacing the pot . Do n't buy it if you do n't have a old lid you wo n't be able to use it . Sorry Faberware it was a good product
 this is the second Farberware coffee pot I bought in the past 3 years , I had the one before these fro over 20 years , Next time I need a new pot I will try a diffrent brand .
 I 've been brewing coffee in Farberware percolators for over 40 years . Used to be the best coffee pot in the world , in our opinion . NO MORE ! The last two -LRB- 2-4 cup models -RRB- died out within a year . I purchased this coffee pot in April , 2010 . Worked fine for two months . Got back from vacation , now , the coffee brewing cycle starts and stops half way through leaving just a watery brew . Got a new cord thinking that was the problem , it was n't . Obviously , the quality of these percs is gone ! Only got a good cup of coffee for 3 months . I will not waste any more money on these . Very disappointed .
 This happy percolator gave us such a nice little pleasure in the mornings , but after about six months it became difficult to make a decent pot of coffee . It was like tea . We washed it between each pot , and we regularly cleaned it with coffee cleaner and/or white vinegar . I contacted Faberware , and they sent me a new chimney -LRB- ? -RRB- , but it did n't help . We finally gave up and tried another brand . For three years now , we 've been getting great coffee from a Presto 12-cup . Whereas the Faberware makes little popping sounds as it brews , the Presto gurgles . You can hear the water splurging up the chimney , rather than a little splash of water with each perk . Looking inside , the Presto has a much deeper well beneath the chimney . That seems like better engineering . The presto spout also pours coffee much more nicely than the Faberware . I initially thought the Faberware looked nicer , but the spout on the Presto pours so nice , that now I like its looks , too -LRB- form follows function -RRB- . The Presto just seems to have had better engineers -- a great functioning coffee maker .
 I have been using these coffee makers for many years and they use to have a reasonable lifespan . Then I bought one that completely stopped working after a year . I replaced it assuming it was a fluke . After almost exactly one year , that one stopped working . I will not buy another .
 I bought this percolator as a small coffeemaker for the office . After tasting my mother-in-law 's perc coffee , I thought I could n't go wrong . Well what can I say , I really do n't drink coffee at work any more . The coffee that comes out of this thing is that bad!First , let me discuss Faberware 's claim of one cup per minute . Yes , it brews coffee extremely quickly . However , it accomplishes this by putting the full heating force of its 1000 watt heating element on one small cup of water . This is enough to make the water boil almost instantly and stay boiling-lava hot for 15-20 minutes . So if you would like a cup of coffee in a minute I guess you should look to instant coffee , or prepare to lose your tongue.This amount of heat is also enough to completely obliterate any flavor that was in the grounds and make your coffee taste and smell like soot . I have tried everything from cheap coffee to imported Italian roast , and they all taste terrible . It gets so hot that it actually melts the coffee grounds , which come out of this thing as a steaming mushy paste . Now I like my coffee black , and I do truly enjoy all kinds of coffee -LRB- Italian , Greek , arabic , french -RRB- , so the grounds in the coffee do n't bother me , but I have honestly never had coffee with such a * horrible * flavor . So I guess until they make a cheap plug-in espresso maker , it 's back to drip for me !! ** UPDATE ** I have since been using theAerobie AeroPress Coffee and Espresso Makerto make coffee at work . It 's a manual process , so probably is n't for everyone , but it does make fantastic espresso -LRB- and coffee ! -RRB- . It 's great for at the office where I do n't have access to a stove , but the espresso is so good I bought another one for the house . Unfortunately , it looks like it has gone up in price .
 And that flaw is it 's cup-a-minute brewing speed . Percolation is a slow process . Remember the percolators of yesteryear and how long they took to brew a dark and satisfying cup of coffee ? Not so here . Leave the room for a minute and come back and it 's done . Huh ? Yes , this percolator tries to brew coffee WAY too fast and the result is like weak tea.I suppose you could use excessive amounts of grounds to try and get a cup of coffee that could be considered good but why should you have to do that?This maker is some sort of compromise aimed at impatient people . I wo n't have cared if I had to wait 10-12 minutes to brew coffee if I knew in the end it would be good . The coffee that came out of this maker was a joke . Move along . This is not for serious coffee drinkers !
 This is the third Farberware 4-12 cup maker I 've had , and all have had the same problem . They make great coffee for about 6 months , then seem to lose their `` oomph '' -- resulting in weak , watery coffee .
 We have never learned from our bad experiences with Farberware percolators . We 've had probably 5 or 6 in the past 10 years or so . The latest was last year when a new one -LRB- purchased through Amazon -RRB- lasted 3 months . After a big hassle in trying to figure out who makes good on the warranty we finally got a replacement . Whoop-dee-do ... it lasted 2 or 3 months before the thermostat malfunctioned . I have had similar problems with Sears Kenmore look-alike perculators . Maybe they use the same thermostat . I 'm not even bothering to try for a replacement for the replacement . It ai n't worth it folks . Just leave these miserable POS 's alone.I am totally shocked there has never been a class action lawsuit against this company for selling obviously defective products . Consumers deserve a product that last longer than 2-3 months . Or at least give the consumer the opportunity to buy replacement thermostats that should only cost a few dollars . Never again !!!! .
 This is the THIRD one of these that I have gotten - shame on me . First one lasted years , second lasted one year - third one lasted 6 months . Failure is the pump -- item cycles and completes , but the coffee comes out like water . Can recycle the water on my own - but what 's the point of that?Sorry - burned too many times on this . Although the coffee is great in the beginning - not worth the price . Back to the drip makers ...
 Do not purchase this coffee pot . I was reluctant to purchase because previous pot only lasted a year a 3 days . Heating element goes very quickly and the pot perks cold coffee . I have had at least 6 of these pot in the last 40 years . The first one lasted 25 years , second one about 5 years and it has been downhill since then . I was willing to try one more time because we really l ike the coffee it makes , when it is hot . This time the handle fell off on the third day of use . Weld just snapped right off when i picked it up to wash the pot . I guess i was lucky that the pot was not full of hot coffee when the handle fell off . I called the company and they did replace the pot and they did waive the $ 7.00 replacement fee as a one time courtesy.I have the replacement and am using it now for 3 weeks . So far so good . However , i will never buy another Farberware product . Made in China , I dont want it !!!
 I 've had this percolator for 2 years and it 's been largely a disappointment . 2 issues over time.The first was the quality of the coffee . Over time I noticed that the coffee was becoming weaker . This was most evident by the color as I would add creme . I battled this by adding more grinds . Not sure if that helped immensely , but it made me feel better.The second was that the base with the heating element became somewhat warped and was not meeting the body of the pot cleanly . This was leading to water getting into the element despite my best effort during cleaning.Then last night , it up and died after just short of 2 years . Last night was December 23rd . That meant I had to go buy a new coffee pot on Xmas Eve in absolutely horrible driving coniditions . I picked up a Presto 2811 this morning . It got very good reviews here so I thought I 'd give it a chance . Keeping my fingers crossed . Happy Holidays !
 I have purchased 3 of them for my mother over the last several months and the last one from this site . They stop working in the matter of 3 weeks . I will NEVER buy another Farberware electric percolator again .
 I bought this percolator a few weeks ago , I 've used it a total of three times and it never worked right.It makes the coffee okay , but it does n't turn off like it should and the second time I used it it cycled twice!I do n't know where this percolator was made but the quality is cheap . I have an old one from my mother-in-law and that one is 100 % better . I do n't have the box so I can not return it , but next time I 'll make sure it was made in the good ole U.S of A ! I gave it two stars because the coffee still tastes good , but since I have to unplug it right away the the coffee gets cold it is n't worth the money .
 I had the same exact coffee pot in the past which lasted more than 10 years . I loved it because the coffee was always very hot unlike the drip pots I have had . I decided to buy another one last year and it worked great for about a year and shortly after that the coffee was no longer hot but more lukewarm . Unfortunatly it was just past the 1 year warranty so there was nothing I could do . I will not be buying another one .
 Last 3 Farber machines stop making hot coffee / / / / ONLY good if you want luke warm coffee after 3 months use OLD Models ... with blue logo were good ... Since China took over . . terrible ... DONT BUY
 I purchased a Faberware 4 cup percolator for my daughter-in-law for Mother 's Day this past May . She had it for about 4 weeks when the handle just fell off the coffee pot . The handle is held on by 4 prongs that fell off . The pot fell to the floor spilling hot coffee everyware . Good thing my grandson was not crawling around the kitchen floor at the time . I recently sent the pot back to the Amazon return center in Kentucky . I am waiting to hear from them . I am very disappointed to know that this happened to a Faberware coffee pot . I have owned one for many years and the product has always been reliable and strong . I 'm wondering if this product is made in America ? I hope this never happens to anyone else who buys a Faberware coffee pot .
 This FCP280 lasted slightly over two years . Like many others on this list , the thermostat failed . There are no replacement parts for this model . Be aware that if you buy this model you are basically purchasing a stainless steel urn . I wo n't get fooled again .
 Farberware coffee pot cord too short . Metal construction of coffee pot made of flimsy thin metal construction . Functionally okay . Pot not designed toolast long.Coffee pot not stainless steel metal . The metal used is sprayed with stainless steel . Not worth it if you are looking for a percolator pot tolast
 I bought Farberware because of my previous experience with them . I received a Farberware percolator as a wedding gift . It lasted over 50 years . The new one I bought has lasted 15 months and no repair service , no parts service . They offered to sell me a new one . Unless you find an older model that was made in the USA - forget it .
 We are now on our 4th coffee pot in 5 years , four of them free from Farberware . In approximately one year each of our coffee pots has had an electrical problem of some sort . Farberwasre has been very good about replacing them , but it is a nuisance . Unfortunately , our current pot is just now starting to give us trouble again , but it has now been 15 months on a one year warranty.The pot makes very good coffee , it is just that they constantly have electrical issues even though my wife in meticulous about making sure the electrical parts do not get water on them.Be prepared to send the severed plug back to Farberware in just about a year to receive your replacement pot .
 HAVE USED Faberware coffee makers for years.They were once built in the bronx USA , now in china.The overall quality has gone down.Buy yours at one of the retails that takes back any product -LRB- kohls , bed bath and beyond , target , pch , if it breaks . Save your receipt and get your money back or replacement.That 's what i did .
 Total disappointment ! Initially , it worked great . 4 months later , dead in the water ! Talk about built-in obsolescence ! $ 45 dollars X 135 days = stealing !
 I 've loved this model for over 10 years but they have drastically changed the product , e.g. the power cord is the only thing that is not made as cheaply as possible . It is not just the one I got either ; I bought a second one and it was as low quality as the first . I believe the Presto brand is an adequate replacement if you loved the former version like I did .
 Farberware products are not living up to their reputation . This is my second 2-4 cup percolator . The previous pot gave me several severe shocks . The replacement percolator only lasted 7 or 8 months . I 've decided on another brand . What a disapointment !
 This is my 2nd Farberware - My 1st one lasted about 3 years after replacing the thermostat.The 2nd one lasted about 18 months - the thermostat went - I replaced it , and it worked again , but like the 1st one , the coffee is not piping hot when it is done perking.When it gets down to about 2 cups , the coffee then gets hot , but until then , I have to put my cup of coffee in the microwave to get it the way I like it.No more Farberware for this household !
 This coffee pot lasted approximately 3 months until some internal electrical function failed . Initially worked great and quickly made excellent , hot coffee . And then it did n't !
 Looks good on the shelf , but does n't pour well . Neck is above where the coffee filter is . Must stop and remove the hot filter or pour the coffee through the filter or do as we have and use a different coffee pot .
 My husband and I looked forward with great anticipation to a great cup of perc 'd coffee , after many years of drip . Based on the reviews , we purchased the Farberware 12-cup percolator , and it was wonderful when we first bought it . We 've had it for about 2 months , and in the lsat few weeks we 've noticed the coffee getting weaker and weaker . We 've tried everything to correct the situation , last week bought espresso roast and made a pot - and it tasted like brown water . Very disappointed . Back to the drip pot for now . Save your money .
 This is the second pot we have purchased since 2010 . First failed one was replaced in April of this year . This second pot is creating weak tepid coffee for the last few weeks . We had Farberware everything back in the 50 's and 60 's . You replaced them when you were bored with them . This is a real dilemma as there is no substitute for this percolator on the market today .
 I bought this pot for my mother . After three weeks the handle came right off the pot . It 's a good thing she was n't burned . The handle is not screwed on . It can not be fixed . It is attached in some cheap fashion by a fastener .
 I received the Farberware Percolator yesterday and set it up . I found out immediately that you do not take the lid off once it is put on . Short of hugging the pot to me and pulling with all my strength - and hoping the knob does n't come off - there was no way to get the lid off . Pouring was a drizzle rather than a pour . This is the worst coffee maker I have ever bought and I ca n't wait to pack it up and return it to Amazon for a full refund .
 We 've had several Farberware coffee percolators in several sizes with similar problems . Got shocked once when I plugged in the cord . The cords are the first thing to die on these . Sometimes the cords were nearly as expensive as the set , so we tended not to replace them . I 'm looking for a good percolator . Farberware does not fit that bill ! Save your money . Any good percs out there ?
 Do n't be fooled by the name Farberware . The company now licenses their name to another manufacturer in China -LRB- Applica Consumer Products , a subsidiary of Salton Inc. -RRB- . What that means to you is that this coffemaker works well until the one year warranty passes . After that , Applica was of no help whatsoever . They did n't even offer a discount on a new appliance -- the customer service -LRB- not -RRB- person even offered to sell me a new one , twenty dollars more than the original . I bought the coffeemaker before reading the other reviews here . After reading the others , it would appear that this is a common issue -LRB- unit suddenly stops percolating one day -- you do n't notice until you pour a cup of coffee and it looks very weak -RRB- . I would never buy another Farberware/Applica appliance again . If you do n't mind buying a new coffeemaker less than every two years , it is a very good daily coffeemaker while it lasts . Be aware that as long as the appliance is plugged in , it will stay in the `` Keep Warm '' setting after brewing -LRB- the instruction booklet fails to mention this -RRB- . If the unit is left plugged in all day , it could become a fire hazard once the liquid evaporates .
 This works great . It 's stainless steel , which is a plus . But the coffee does not taste very good . The same coffee beans ground for a drip coffee maker taste remarkably better . This makes great coffee beans taste like coffee store generic beans . Also , it take twice as much coffee to make an equal amount of coffee . So , over the long term , it 's more expensive to use .
 I do n't understand the love of these things . They run the water through the grounds , then run the brewed coffee back through the grounds , then THAT in run through again ! These things make the worst coffee ever !!! Run away ! Run away !
 We bought this coffee maker based on the reviews , after our old electric coffee maker died following many years of problem-free use . We liked the appearance and size of the Farberware and decided to give it a try -LRB- got a really good deal at a major department store because of a coupon -RRB- . Unfortunately , this coffee maker has several major problems . First , after you 've made your coffee , when you remove the lid -LRB- which snaps on VERY tightly -RRB- , the `` spreader '' -LRB- small basket -RRB- that fits over the larger basket in which your coffee rests flies out of the machine . We tried removing the lid a couple of different ways , but it made no difference . This is dangerous , because there 's very hot water on the spreader -- plus , it makes a mess . Second , there were coffee grounds in the bottom of our pot after each brewing . Not a huge deal , but still a nuisance . Finally , cleaning the pot is a bit of a pain -- you have to be sure not to get the plug area wet , so , since the pot is attached , you have to wash very carefully . After a couple of tries with this coffee pot we returned it . Definitely not recommended -- a hazard and a pain .
 I am so disappointed - after using Farberware electric coffee pots for 25 yrs . I will never buy one again . The construction is shoddy -LSB- made in China -RSB- - almost tin-like - inner workings are different - Coffee tastes bland and just barely warm - NOT hot and reliable like it used to be . What happened to the good old days when it was made in the Bronx?I have been willing in years past to replace the pot or the coil after a few years of daily use - I could have lived with that - BUT - now the new pot just makes a lousy cup of coffee . You too will be disappointed - Now I must find a new brand that makes coffee rapidly and keeps it hot - no microwaving necessary !
 Water gets into the base and rusts wires inside , which break off . I repaired it once and it happened again . The second time I gave up trying to repair . I did notice that there are holes in the base . Drain holes ? If they had built the screw-on base with a rubber gasket there would be no water problem and hence no need to drain.I you do buy this product , be careful about drying it upside down , which would allow water to enter the base . But since it only lasted 18 months , or so , I think I will look elsewhere for a replacement .
 Worked great for two weeka until it started brewing tan water . We owned the same one and loved it as it worked for 5 years and then died due to corrosion of the wiring . This is the second one that died on us in the last three months . Oh by the way we followed directions exactly as written .
 Yes , the coffee this percolator makes is great , but the my second one just died . The coffee goes from being rich , hot , and strong one day to luke-warm tea the next . The heating coil is made to fail . These percolators do not last much longer than their warranty . I really dislike buying the same product year after year , only to have to throw it out . What a waste . I will not being buying a Farberware product again .
 I have owned several Farberware stainless steel percolators . They are beautiful and make delicious coffee but the thermostat wears out in as little as 8 months . The longest I have had one last is 16 months . I just ca n't afford them any more . The one exception is a little four cupper that I bought at an estate sale used . I suspect that it is one of the old ones that was truly a Farberware . The Farberware name was purchased by Salton years ago . What burns me the most is that you ca n't buy replacement thermostats . I suspect that this is by design.I have a Presto pot which is equally good looking and makes equally good coffee . It came with a two year warranty and is still going strong after 10 years . The only drawback is that the last half-cup has dregs but we hav learned to be careful when the pot nears empty .
 Coffee pot drips badly from the spout while pouring a cup of coffee . This must be new design , for we have had several older ones that worked fine
 Had rated this 5 stars and stated I 'd buy one every three years . Not every year however . Pity , this was top of the line at one time . Now it 's not worth the effort . On to something else . -- This is my third 12-cup Farberware percolator . The second did not last as long as the first . The first approx 10 years the second 3-4 years . However I 'd purchase one every 3 years if necessary . No other pot -LRB- or drip or single serve or overpriced coffee store -RRB- makes coffee as consistently good as this pot . I always fill water to the 10 cup line and use a slightly rounded 1/2 cup of coffee . Perfection in a cup .
 I purchased three of these because my mother had one of these for years . First two just stopped working right after warranty expired . Last one the handle fell off . Screw holding it on disintergrated . . No more Faberware .
 Quit working after a few months of infrequent use . Was well taken care of . It worked great while it lasted but I will not order another . I 'm tired of appliances that quit after a short use .
 Once upon a time , you could buy a Farberware percolator , and it was a quality appliance you could enjoy and depend on for many years to come . Through my life , I have found I need to purchase a replacement sooner than the last . And , each time , they are obviously not the quality of the previous one . This time , I ca n't believe what a piece of junk they have become . My complaints are too many list . Shame on Farberware !
 We had a Farberware coffeepot for twenty years , and would never buy another brand until ... our old one failed and we replaced it with a new Farberware . What a mistake ! The unit failed after a month , making lukewarm coffee and leaving grinds in the coffee . I tossed it into the trash after fruitless attempts to get help from Farberware . Is it a coincidence that this occurred after the company changed ownership and out-sourced production to China ? You decide.I am looking for an American made coffeemaker and have yet to find one .8 / 04/2011 REVIEW UPDATE
 12/22/2010 Update - Just to add INSULT to INJURY , I tried to contact Farberware service at
 This is our second Farberware coffee pot . Seems Farberware 's quality has taken a dive . I read the review where the lady got shocked from her Farberware 12 cup peculator . Same thing happened to us . Our GFI outlet began to trip intermittently when we would make coffee . At first I thought some water had gotten inside the unit but I disassembled it and found it dry . So I temporally disconnected the ground from the unit and found that the pot was 50 volts AC above ground but only when the unit got hot . Obviously power through the thermostat or heating element is contacting the metal pot . Unfortunately I ca n't figure out which one is at fault , so I plan to replace the thermostat and see if that fixes the problem . This is our last Farberware anything .
 I own several Farberware products that I received as wedding presents 27 years ago . Those items , an electric frying pan and a 4 cup percolator still work well with heavy use . 11/2 years ago I purchased an 8 cup Farberware Percolator . Made good coffee for 11/2 years and then the plug in portion of the bottom of the pot broke apart . Very disappointed in the quality of the product !
 I bought a Farberware 4 cup Perc for my self and one for my friend as a gift in March of 2009 . His stopped working a year later and mine stopped working last month . I am very disappointed . Obviously Farberware quality has gone down the drain . They worked good while they worked , but I planned on getting more than a little over a year out of them . Will never buy Farberware again .
 This was a good percolator when first purchased , but it only lasts one year . It no longer heats the water enough to perk . This one replaced one just like it that also only lasted one year . This one-year planned obsolescence is for the birds . I 'd rather pay more for one that lasts longer than keep feeding money to Farberware every year .
 We have owned many Farberware Perculators over the years and in the last few years we have stayed with them in spite of the increasing rate of breakdowns . We were patient too long and will not buy another .
 If I could , I would give a `` zero '' star rating for this product . I purchased this Farberware percolator in April , 2001 . It makes good coffee , but the base cracked one day after making coffee . I always took good care of the percolator , including carefully washing it by hand , so it did n't crack because of abuse . It was just sitting on my kitchen counter when it cracked . It was 1/3 full with coffee after making a pot 15 minutes earlier . It is the second time this has happened to me . The first time was with the smaller Farberware 4-cup percolator . I strongly advise against purchasing this brand .
 We purchased this percolator because my wife 's mother owned one for over 20 years and it worked great . It made good coffee.Well the first one we bought broke within 3 months . Heating element went out . We returned and got another . This one lasted a year and half . Then the heating element went out . Had it fixed as it was outside of warranty . 1 year later it broke again . Surprise , the heating element went out.Keeping the price down has a downside , cheaper parts that do not stand up over time . I would prefer to spend a little more and not have to replace it every year or so . My mother-in-law got quite the deal in only having to buy it once in 2 decades.We are done with Farberware .
 We got a Farberware as a wedding gift over 15 years ago , it lasted about 10 years . Since then , in the last 5 years we 've bought 3 replacements . They work great , until right about the 12-month mark , when it begins brewing luke-warm light brown water . I would rather pay more and have a pot that lasts longer ... it seems so wasteful to throw a pot away that still looks great .
 We have owned a Farberware coffee pot for 40 years and have always bought a new one after many good years of service . Just bought a new one and guess what ... it wo n't make coffee , just some brown water . Evidently when they started making it in China , quality went away . Will never use Farberware coffee pot or any Farberware again . I suggest you look around for something else .
 This perculator lasted only four months with us ; its rapid perk feature was its death ! If you like to buy a new one every few months , this is for you .
 After less than a year , lost heat . Coffee was barely warm after brewing . Other than that , plan on buying another percolator .
 I had a 4 cup Farberware perculator which was handed down from my parents , it actaully had the stone stem inside and it gave me years of reliable service . It finally breathed it 's last breath a few years ago . A few days ago , the 2nd replacement Farberware Percolator -LSB- 8cup -RSB- -LRB- the first one 's cheap plastic bottom cracked within a few months -RRB- just died , it 's been less than 2 years . I understand that 's how things are made now , manufacturers would prefer you have to buy a new one every few years , but I guess we as consumers can control that by avoiding brands and companies that do that . I will not be going back to this for a 3rd time .
 Last two coffee pot purchases have not been good . Coffee is NOT hot . I give up - and am searching for a better brand .
 These are lasting from 2 to 3 years for me and then dying - it 's not good value . The first one I bought at a garage sale lasted about 10 years . All the new ones are cheap . How hard is it to make a decent product?So the latest one 's going bad this week -LRB- peculiar ozone smell that presages failure -RRB- I 'm finally going to look for something else .
 I have used these coffee pots for years and loved them . My last 2 have sucked . Right away I could tell the difference in quality , tinny feel to the pot and do not work as well . These pots used to last for years , not anymore . Try something else .
 My 1st 12-cup Farberware peculator was a gift from my brother to convince me that perked is better than drip . He convinced me with just 1 cup . He purchased the peculator for less than $ 30 in upstate NY and it lasted for more than 8 years . My 2nd Farberware peculator was less than $ 40 -LRB- bought at K-Mart -RRB- and lasted around 3 or 4 years . My 3rd Farberware peculator cost around $ 50 -LRB- bought at JCP -RRB- and lasted less than 2 years . My determination to buy a peculator that lasted as long as my first has just died along with my 4th and LAST Farberware peculator that cost me more than $ 60 -LRB- also bought at JCP -RRB- . In between the 12-cup Farberware peculators I purchased over the year , I tried several other brands but kept coming back to Farberware . I love the sleek , classy sturdy structure of the 12-cup stainless steel design , but the heating element in this peculator keeps burning out way to quickly . I wish Farberware would make their peculators the way they used to 20 years ago because THEY WERE THE BEST and that 's unfortunate .
 After only two weeks the knob on the lid broke so I cant use it . I almost got burned trying to take the lid off .
 I have owned a Faberware 12 cup Percolator for about 15 years . The only thing that went wrong with it was the cord , which I was able to replace . Meanwhile I purchased a new one , same model . The thing goes through the perk cycle and when it stops , the coffee is like dishwater . It is so weak , it is not drinkable . What I discovered was , the old one was made in the USA and the new one was made in China . My cousin purchased the same one about a year ago and had the same problem .
 Made good coffee for about 10 days and then the base fell apart and all the electrical wires were exposed ... No coffee in the morning , not fun . .
 We 've gone through two of these percolators in the past year . Each worked very well for a few months , and then problems with the heating element started . On the first unit , the element failed completely after six months , and on the second unit the failure was gradual and insidious . Our coffee gradually became weaker and cooler over a couple of months until one day I realized the pot was not heating the water properly.I note that the price is higher now that what we paid . Too many warranty claims Faberware ?
 I 've owned two of these . Each only lasted about two years . I expected more from Farberware . One of the reasons I started buying these percolators is because my mother-in-law has had the same one for 20 years . It still outdid my newer ones in terms of performance and they both broke . So I did a little research . This model is built in China by a company that 's not Farberware . That company bought the name Farberware and uses it to sell products . The old Farberware you remember built products in the Bronx . They were built to last . After finding this out , I decided to find a used Farberware percolator from the old company . I found one on a leading online auction web site and purchased it for $ 20 -LRB- shipping included -RRB- . It has been everything I thought it would be and more . Beware the brand names . Know who really makes that product before you buy . You 'll be happy you did .
 After using the coffe pot once , the male plug broke loose , and the plug would n't connect to the electricity . My husband had to glue the plug to stabilize the unit . We were disappointed in the fragility of such a well-known and expensive product . Now that it 's fixed , it runs fine . However , if I wanted a defective coffee pot , I would have gone to a yard sale .
 Having purchased Farberware percolators over the years , this seemed to have been another `` easy purchase '' ; what a disappointment this `` new and improved '' model has been . The new electrical cord and heating elements in this unit makes the coffee so hot that its not even pleasant to drink . It seems as though the new cord may have been made to accommodate people who keep their coffee pot plugged in for hours , but who really does such things ?? If I can find a model that is not the `` new and improved model , that is what I will purchase to replace this one .
 Farberware is not the same as it used to be . I had my older Faberware 12 cup Percolator for over 10 years before it died . I bought a new one last year and the thermostat is already broken . The difference in the pots from 10 years ago to now is evident . Its garbage . I would not recommend buying it at all .
 My parents used to buy a Farberware percolator every 10 years . I had to buy TWO in 2011 -- this one and a smaller one . I thought the first one was a quality control glitch , but to have two in a row go bad in less than 6 months is a clear sign that the company has faltered . Goodbye , Farberware.I finally bought a Presto percolator , and so far it is fantastic . Four months and still perks for 5 minutes -- good strong coffee . The Farberware pots would perk for less and less time until they quit altogether . I do n't have time to package up products and return them . I like quality products that last .
 Grew up with this product and my mother had two sizes for over 20 years -LRB- built in USA -RRB- . Newer models are built in China and I have gone through two and recommended another to a friend . In the past 12 months all three 4 cup products have lost the ability to keep the coffee hot . When first purchased , the coffee was almost to hot to drink . On my first unit the heating element failed to get hot enough to brew . On the second unit it would brew but finished product was not even warm enough to drink and each cup had to be microwaved . The friend I recommended the pot to called to let me know that his percolator lasted six months . I apologized and told him I would not be ordering this product again until Farberware fix this serious defect . The web sites are loaded with this EXACT same complaint .
 I have always relied and used the Faberware electric coffe makers having been introduced to these units growing up . The design and style did always make a reliable great pot of coffe.However over the last few years me and my wife have had to replace the pot every year due to the pots fail to keep the coffee hot . I have looked into repairing the units butt the cost to replace the element/sensor is not an cost effective option.Faberware has failed on delivering a quality product . This was never an issue when the pots were made here in the USA . I will not reward Faberware any longer by purchaing a pot that last only one year .
 This is my 2nd Farberware coffee maker . I ordered this one April 4 , 2010 . They work great for about 11/2 years with real hot coffee . I only make 1 small pot of coffee per day , and then unplug the coffee pot after I poor my 1 12oz cup . I just ordered another brand with a 3 year warranty .
 I bought my Farberware 8-cup percolator about a year ago . First , the handle fell off the lid . When I tried to buy a replacement from Farberware , the company sent me a lid that fit , but that caused the coffee pot to stop brewing . So I 've been using the lid without the handle . Now , today , the handle fell off the pot itself . This coffee pot is just really cheaply put together . Very sad , because I know my parents had their Farberware pot for years . So the quality must be declining , like just about everything else . I 'm buying a new percolator today -- probably the Presto .
 Have had 4-5 of these coffee makers over the last 20 years in various sizes . The first two lasted about 6 + years each , but the most recent two have had non stop problems . Electrical cord had to be replaced 3 times . Basket cracked . Have always washed and handled with care , cleaned regularly , used filters , etc. but since it is now made in China , the quality has changed . I have given up on this brand and will move on to another .
 The percolator worked great for approximately 5 months . Then , the thermostat died . After looking at the negative reviews on this product , it appears that many folks have had the same experience . The Seller has pulled this product from their shelves since they could not send me a replacement . Probably not a good idea to buy this item until they have new stock with the thermostat problem fixed . Amazon is helping me get a refund for this item . I used to think Farberware always stood for quality products -- now , I am bit leery about purchasing more Farberware . How disappointing .
 Several years ago we were looking for a good percolator . We were tired of marginally hot drip coffee . Friends had the Millennium model ; it and the one before it failed prematurely . We thus opted for the percolator . The first one we bought lasted about two years . We expected longer , but it was better than the Millennium . That 's a sad statement of product quality expectations ! We foolishly bought another one . The engineering is superb . This one died 16 days past the warranty expiration . A manufacturer 's dream come true . Farberware is not Farberwear . For us , it 's Farberware-no-more .
 Do not buy this product . My wife and I had a Farberware 8-cup percolator for over 30 years . When it stopped working we purchased a this 12-cup percolator . It lasted less than three months before it stopped working . Farberware replaced it with a shipping cost of around $ 10 to us . But the stipulation was that they would not be responsible for any further problems . The replacement stopped working after six months . Do not trust this product to provide lasting value .
 I 've always loved the taste of a fresh-brewed cup of coffee from a Farberware percolator . Over the past few years , I 've felt they died prematurely , but nothing like this ! I ordered one from Amazon in March . Went to make coffee this morning , everything sounded as it should , went to pour a cup - HOT WATER . Rusty-looking hot water.I had come to accept that these pots do n't live long , but six months ???? Ridiculous .
 I have owned Faberware coffee pots for 30 years and always loved them . So I just ordered a new , Farberware FCP412 stainless steel pot and have they ever cheapened it . Much cheaper stainless steel , they changed the insert , so it does not go down in the pot , it pours extremely slowly , but the topper is , the edge of the lid is so sharp that I actually cut the side of my finger on it . I am very disappointed that they had to make such cuts to be able to sell their pot for 50.00 . I think I would rather have paid a little more and had the quality we had years before . This pot is NO bargin !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 We recieved our Farberware 12 cup percolator as a shower present 15 years ago . We have actually been using it for about 10 years . We are no longer using it and will probably bring it to the recycling center nex trip because as another reviewer mentioned it is very easy to get a terrible shock from the unit . My husband was making the coffee and touched the unit and the sink and wham ! Thank GOd he is fine , but this happened and we didnt realize why . The plug is not grounded ! We do have the ground fault outlets in our kitchen , but the plug on the pot only has 2 prongs . I searched online and I was not able to find a plug with 3 prongs for a ground . Has anyone else discovered one ? Please be very careful.These are very dangerous coffee pots .
 We have used Farberware Percolators since the 1960 's . Our last purchase , an eight cup , lasted only one month . Still in warranty , I called to make a claim . I found the `` customer service rep '' so uncooperative and plain hateful that I decided to skip the warranty and go elsewhere . The `` lady '' that I talked to is meaner than water moccasin .
 fcp412 requires a tool to remove top , water fill marks under handle , only good for 12 cup fill.takes patience to pour , compare at a store before blindly buying .
 I love the product , always have , but they are not making them well at all . It is very tinny and it is already showing signs of what looks like rust to me . It is suppose to be stainless steel , but I am really not sure . Years ago this product lasted for a good ten years , now it lasts MAYBE 6mos to a year ! Not the sellers fault , the manufacturer .
 the photo of the farberware 240 percolator does not tell what happened to the original design . some idiot changed the inside of the pour spout into a `` chinese teapot '' and this product is now extremely dangerous & messy when pouring hot liquid . what was originally a beautiful product has been ruined .
 This percolator makes really great , rich , hot coffee ... and in about four minutes !! That 's the good news.The bad news is I have owned two of them in the past year and a half ... as they die in about eight or nine months . RIP , Farberware .
 This the the third of this style coffee pot I have had over the past several years . The first lasted a few years , the second maybe a year , our final model started malfunctioning after just 4 months . We replaced it with a hamilton beach model -
 I am a long time Farberware percolator customer . Growing up , it was the only coffee pot ever used . The `` quality ship seems to have sailed '' for Farwerware . I have had issues with broken posts where you plug the cord into the pot and failed burners.While the pots used to last my parents for years , the pots I have had lately last 12 months or less . I have had two fail within the past 24 months , and others went early before that.It 's a shame that they have opted to make these pots in China with cheap parts . I 'm looking at alternatives versus filling the landfills with these expired pots every year .
 We 've been married for 45 years . Someone gave us a Farberware percolator as a wedding gift . We used it for many years ; when the heating element crapped out , we bought another Farberware and had the same experience . In 45 years , we went through three Farberware percolators . When the last one stopped heating , we bought this new one . It lasted two weeks . The dealer replaced it and the replacement lasted two weeks.The problem
 My original Faberware percolator dating from the 1980 's provided many years of service . When the heating element finally gave out , I purchased what I thought was the same product in 2009 . The first percolator I received had a cracked steel basket which was promptly exchanged by Amazon.com . The replacement pot lasted all of 8 months before the plastic housing which holds the prongs for the plug cracked and the prong became buried inside the housing . It can not be used . These new percolators are made in China and they are junk . I am so disappointed that this is not the Farberware product of years ago . Save your money and DO NOT BUY THIS WORTHLESS PIECE OF TRASH !! I 'm trying to find a coffeepot made anywhere but China .
 Dear Farberware
 I sent a letter to the Farberware people which came back as they closed their site!Dear Farberware People , I bought a percolator `` farberware Millenium '' from Macy 's in October 2006 . It sure was not like the previous one I had . My previous one had a glass section in it . That 's why I had to get a new one . It broke . Anyway , this one I have now is terrible . It was made in China . There is no glass partition in it . And now to add insult to injury , it does not percolate . All the thing seems to do is to warm up the water . Then , I have to open the pot , drain the water and pour it over the basket . I mean the last one was bought in 1972 from Lazarus -LRB- which became Macy 's now -RRB- . Obviously , I 'll have to get another one . But , I am not paying $ 79.99 again for something that 's not going to last even 4 years . What gives ? What happened to your quality control?Also , I bought a Farberware Chicken Fryer from Penneys . It was terrible . It would spark each time it was plugged in . Within 3 months , the chicken would get stuck in the fryer . I had to return it to the store . They argued with me and did n't want to take it back because it had been used . I can tell you ; but , I did get store credit.What I want to know is this ! I know it is cheaper to have it made in some other country . But , do n't they have quality control for electrical appliances that is in line with the U.S. requirements?I really do n't know what I am going to do about coffee . I think you people are the only ones who make percolators . I 'll have to re-think coffee . I just wanted to let you people know what 's happening with the average person using your appliances.Thank you ,
 Yes , once upon a time this Farberware coffee pot lasted . We had one lasting at least a decade . Then we bought a new replacement , made in China , which failed in just 4 mos . It cost $ 15.00 to replace it from the factory . This second , now 9 mos old produces stained , lukewarm water . In each case , the thermal switch fails , an easily replaced and cheap item . Except the factory does not make any parts available as it once used to . Hoffman Industries makes similar thermal switches , which cost $ 0.65 each . I ordered three temperature ranges to potentially fix my pot myself . The part most likely to fit , is Therm-O-Disc # 36TO1-L80-8c I hope to leave a follow-on report of success/failure .
 It seems I go through these things like I drink coffee . Everytime I buy one it shortly `` burns out '' . My last one , a 4 cup lasted about 3 weeks . I was so happy to have a new one but was quickly saddened when it went poof , made a fire , shorted out my circuit breaker AND scared the crap out of me ! I will now look for a stove top model . It seems the design of it is too open to getting the plug outlet wet . The slighest drop of water will blow it up . The cord that comes with it is also very `` cheap '' and I have gone through many of those also .
 I purchased the 12-cup percolator at an upscale department store . -LRB- Long before I knew about Amazon -RRB- My mother had this pot and a smaller size . They lasted many years and made excellent coffee . When I found the 12-cup I did not hesitate , I bought one . Before six months , I began to notice the coffee was getting weaker . Finally , the coffee would be ready in minutes , but very weak . At the end it brewed in seconds . The water was tinted light brown and was barely warm . Since then I have read reviews of others experiencing similar problems . Of course , the dept. store would not let me return it . It ended up in the garbage . I would encourage others to consider other brands . Farberware seems to have let their quality take a huge nose dive .
 I love the design and stainless steel -LRB- no plastic taste -RRB- . Enjoyed the coffee for awhile , but after a year we 've been experiencing periodic short brew times producing nearly clear coffee . Seems that frequent cleaning , especially where the tube meets the bottom of percolator improves coffee perk . Pouring some coffee back through the top produces more flavor . It 's a great piece of hardware , but the increasingly inconsistent perk leads me to give it a low rating . For daily use I 'll go back to press coffee and use the farberware for parties .
 Yes , it makes great coffee , but it only worked for about one year . Shop around , this is the one coffee pot you do n't want to waste your money with .
 The FCP series looks solid but works briefly . You will be lucky if it continues to work for more than 6 months . The 2 parts that make this coffee maker work -LRB- i.e. the heater coil and thermostat -RRB- are poorly made and will fail . No replacement parts are available . Save you money and find the older # 142 series .
 I initially loved this percolator ; it brewed delicious coffee very quickly and kept it warm . However , within less than six months of normal usage , it now only percolates for barely a minute , then goes into warming mode , producing very weak , barely brown foul water . I attempted contacting Faberware customer service , but the email address for the electrical department is not valid . In addition , when I called , I was placed on hold for a very long time and then told I was 24th in line . Frankly , I do n't have time to stay on hold all day and consider such a wait time unacceptable . Finally , Faberware does not sell replacement electrical parts for this product , so I ca n't even fix it myself , which is my only option since the warranty expired after three months - this alone should have been a tip-off that the product was substandard . Given the cost and the lousy customer service , I am very disappointed and will not be purchasing products from Faberware again .
 I have had 2 Farberware Percolators #FCP 412 in four years . The heating element does not work after2 years .
 In the past year , due to the decline in the electrical materials used to make Farberware percolators , I have had three different units break within a couple of months . Before this year , I had a Farberware percolator that perked non-stop for ten years . As for the one year warranty , by the time you pay for the cost of all the shipping , the sum comes close to the cost of a new unit .
 After five months the percolator started to fail . When in the brewing cycle it would leave the coffee colder than normal . This condition continued to get worse over the next couple of months , till it stopped working all together . Most disappointing is that Amazon leaves no recourse . Evidently there is no warranty on purchases after 90 days .
 Farberware percolators used to be the best for the money ... we 've had them for decades . Excellent perked coffee in small pots - we have used the 4 cup pots for years . Then Black & Decker seemed to take over carrying the Farberware name and they lost some quality and only lasted a year or so , but reasonable performance for the money . Now , we have purchased 2 in the past few months and both have quit . One with a cracked base about 4 months after purchase and then the last one lasted only about 30 days before the handle fell off . In attempting to get refunds or returns , B&D would not respond , but their website referred us to a new vendor / manufacturer / distributer ??? called Applica which has no valid web facilities nor any telephone & mail contact info .
 I bought this little Farberware FCP280 8-Cup Percolator due to it 's 8 cup feature ; it would take up less space and I needed a new coffeemaker since I broke the glass decanter to my old one which was impossible to replace . I tried the perkie for 1 month and the gave up , went back and bought another drip coffeemaker . I 'm a bit dissapointed with the coffee it made , although very hot , the coffee was practically flavorless . I used the same ammount of coffee that I would use for 8 cup drip , yet to get flavor out of the percolator , I needed to use another scoop . It wasted coffee and still did n't have that `` bite '' of flavor I love . Also , percolators are messier to clean.I read online in a coffee blog to never use a percolator , they make the coffee too hot and kill the flavor . I think there is truth to that concept as now that I 'm back to using a drip coffeemaker , I can use less coffee for a fuller , flavored cup of brew .
 Prompt delivery , no window to see water level , coffee produced disappointing compared to Gevalia using equal amounts of coffee in each .
 I purchased the 12 cup percolator and have enjoyed using it every day for the last year and a half ; however , last night as I was cleaning it - I noticed a hole in the black bottom area just below where the stainless meets ; obviously it was overheating and melted an area of the plastic . My mother used a previous Farberware for over 10 years with no trouble . I am past the 1yr warranty so I am now in the market for one that will last me a few years ! The quality just is n't there any more .
 I have , now had , been a Faberware customer for over 25 years , andI always used to love their percolator . Whenver there was a problem , you could connect directly with a nice lady in the U.S. , who was always extremely helpful and courteous.Unfortunately , the company has apparently been sold , the units are now made in China , and customer `` service '' is non-existent . Their warranty is worthless , as I could not reach anyone by telephone or web site . My telephone call to their call center in Canada was dropped after having been switched to about 8 different voice-mail options.I bought my unit less than a year ago , and it now can not get power.It is ready for the trash . I will absorb my loss , and look for another brand right away.I think Amazon sullies their reputation by continuing to promote Faberware.David M LigermanMiami , Florida
 We 've bought two of these because my wife likes the idea of old fashioned perked coffee . Both of them -LRB- after about 2 years of daily use -RRB- have stopped being reliable . Sometimes the coffee is fine , but more and more often you fill it , plug it in , it perks and you get something weak and watery and undrinkable . We 've found that if you unplug it , let it cool , then perk again you usually get a good cup the second time around . But that is not why you buy an automatic coffeemaker!I 've looked up the mechanics of coffee percolators online and ca n't figure out why this should happen . But take it from a two-time owner , it does .
 Two of my cousins both this brand and in less than a year had to put them in the garbage because they stopped working after a few months of regular usage . I would love to buy a percolator , but will wait until I finish my research on the best quality one . It is my understanding that Farberware is not what it used to be .
 The 1st pot that I received had a broken pour spout . I returned it for a pot with a smashed coffee basket . I think that Farbeware should take a look at the way that they package their products for shipping !
 This piece of S#@* broke after a few months , same exact one before it lasted less than a year .
 The problem with this percolator is the lack of a timer . It does n't perk long enough to make good coffee . I tried putting four times the normal amount of coffee in and it was still too weak . They should have spent the extra money and put a variable timer on it.How bad is the coffee ? Real bad , worse than Tim Hortons . Really .
 Farberware 8 cup is the only coffee pot I 've used for the past 33 years . I 've loved it until recently . My previous pot began leaking coffee through the lid during pouring ; I assumed it was getting old , so I purchased a new one in late October . I have the same problem with the new one . Also , the perking intensity is erratic . Every once in a while , it just stops . I have to unplug it for a few minutes and then replug . I 'm disappointed that I might have to switch brands ; I love the look and the coffee when it 's working correctly .
 This percolator made really good coffee for less than a year , then it began to perk less and less time and the coffee became weaker and weaker . Do n't bother contacting the company if something goes wrong with it . I wrote from their website and got a confirmation of what I wrote and was told that they would respond within 2 days . Two weeks later and still no response . I used to think Farberware sold quality goods . No more and customer support is a misnomer . I wo n't buy from them again .
 Reading the reviews & the description , this percolator seemed like a good buy . But the lid seals too tight to allow the coffee to pour correctly . A minor issue that was elminated by popping the lid up just a little . The biggest issue ... bought it Nov 2010 and it has DIED already . Only made it to July 2011 ... eight months and a dead percolator . It will still get hot , but will not perc anymore . Bought a Hamilton Beach from Target , less money , coffeee is hotter , pours better ... we 'll see how long it will last .
 Poor typical China made-the top knob snapped off and was not even inserted through the lid . glued on . it also requires you to unplug at the base each time . sometimes just makes hot water and doe not perk coffee . third one - no more . i am looking for an american made product . i have tried ge , cuisinart , and faberware . they all last about one year .
 Bought a new Farberware 12 cup after having one for 10 years . The new one lasted only 1 week before it started making weak coffee . Returned this as defective.Received a replacement and the new one did the same thing after 3 weeks.People buy this percolator based on it 's old reputation but , now it 's junk . Having better luck with Presto even though it is made in China too .
 Top knob came off due to manufacturing process.Makes a cup of coffee in three minutes.Perfect for a gift.Top needs to be attached by threaded screw .
 I bought 4 of these pots a several years ago when on sale -- all have problems with cord -- and out of warantee -- you have to hold the cord or prop it up with something -- I can understand one having a problem -- but this is all of them -- I am done with this brand -- China strikes again -- BUYER BEWARE
 The product , a 12-cup faberware Percolator , Model FCP412 , worked fine for 3-months and then slowly would not heat pot to complete percolation . Now we only get luke warm , clear water when plugged in , using cold water as per instructions . We have had this type pot in the past and only replaced it because the cord to pot connection became faulty .
 My first coffee pot was made in America and lasted over 25 years . I could get replacement parts for it , too . Based on my past usage I bought another one in February 2011 , it was made in China with one year warranty . Thermostat went bad August 2012 . I guess I should be happy it lasted more than a year and I did n't have more damage than a poor pot of weak coffee . Farberware has ruined a good name and lost my business as I have gone through two pots in less than five years . Do n't waste your money .
 This coffee pot lasted exactly 6 months which seems to be the expectancy . I have had several . Just bought another today . The coffee does not stay hot but while works is very good . It seems to have a rotten heating element .
 As the others have mentioned , alot of money for an electric coffee maker that increasingly produces tea colored coffee , dry grounds in the hopper after going through a ` brewing cycle ' . Not sure what the problem is , not hot enough to percolate up the stem to the coffee , not percolating long enough , faulty/short lived built in thermometer ... . who cares ! WAY TOO MUCH $ $ $ for this thing to crap out like this within a year . I never soaked it in water , always hand cleaned , the base was never submerged in water ... it just ... sucked ! Too bad . Faberware should be ashamed . I 'm getting a French Press and be done with it !
 I see that I am not the only reviewer who has had this product fail . Because of the Farberware name , when I decided to go back to percolators for truly HOT coffee , I chose this one . After about a year it would occasionally not brew fully -- warm water , but grounds barely touched . Then it would work again . Now it has stopped working entirely . I purchased mine in February of 2011 , and it 's now July of 2012 . Whatever happened to quality ? At the moment I 'm using an old aluminum stove top pot , but have ordered the Oneida 2-4 cup coffeemaker instead . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I have been buying these perculators for years ... I still have one from 2002 . . whoever farberware has making these perculators in the past 4 years should be changed ... they are of poor quality and only make decent coffee for abt a month or 2 ... i have returned 2 perculators in the past 6 months and will not buy another onej ... poor workmenship -LRB- i have a feeling they are being make in china ... poor choice/poor quality ...
 I 've owned three of these 8-cup Farberware coffee pots -LRB- because when they work they make excellent coffee -RRB- , but now that the last one has failed after little more than a year , I wo n't buy another . Although the pot appears to be sturdy , it is not . Even with proper care the last two have failed within a year or two from purchase . Worse still , when mine have failed , they 've failed due to an electrical problem that caused the ground fault circuit in my kitchen to trip so the problem was dangerous . Farberware made excellent products at one time , but this coffee pot is no longer one of them .
 I have used a Farberware Percolator for years and was very satisfied in the past . However , my recent purchase was unsatisfactory . The spout on the pot was poorly welded and leaked on first use . Also , the metal used seems thinner than previous models.When I tried to return it to Farberware , I was told there would be a charge to exchange the pot . After one use ! I was told the company was under new ownership and that is their new policy.The problem was quickly resolved by Amazon , who knows the meaning of customer service . Lesson learned
 I bought one of these perks from ebay and it was much lighter than my old one . The basket , rod and basket lid weighed 20 grams less than my old pot . When I poured from the spout , I would lose 1/2 a cup on the kitchen counter.I called the factory instead of returning it to Amazon because I was afraid Amazon would send me another just like it . The factory sent me a shipping label and two weeks later I got a new pot . It is heavier than the one I sent them and it does n't leak a drop on the kitchen counter when pouring coffee from it . The coffee is GREAT !! If your pot does n't pour properly , send it back to the factory !!
 Nice thermometer . Cover protects it when it 's in my utensil drawer . The temp is clockwise of the red mark . Easy .
 First , take a close look at the readout.Now , what is 160deg ? Is it the black line , or the red line ? Not too sure ? OK , well let 's start at 0 and go up the dial . Well , zero is a red mark so it 's even , right ? And the next large black mark is 10 , good so far ... 20 is red ... 30 . . 40 . . 50 . . huh ? wait now 60 is black ? What the ... ??? So , basically , the readout is worse then useless , the last thing anyone needs is an ambiguous temp read on their meat thermometer .
 I suppose I should figure out how to return this item to Amazon , but it might be easier to eat the $ 90 and chalk it up to experience than disassemble it and attempt to fit it back into the packaging for a return shipment.The item I received has 3 flaws :1 -RRB- One of the holes for the cam bolt was drilled in such a way that it punched completely out when I attempted to screw in the cam bolt . This is in the cabinet top .2 -RRB- The cabinet did not assemble squarely and rocks slightly on the two high legs .3 -RRB- The melamine finish is not well attached at the bottom of the front of the cabinet.I wo n't buy any more products from this manufacturer . Nor am I inclined to buy this sort of product online again as the return process is complicated by the need to fit the defective product back into the original packaging for return shipment .
 Between salads and tacos , my family goes through a fair amount of lettuce . Although it is not as healthy as many of the other varieties , we prefer iceberg lettuce . After washing the head of lettuce and removing the outside leaves , I like to use a lettuce knife to cut out the core and surrounding area . Using a plastic lettuce knife instead of a metal knife helps prevent the lettuce from browning , keeping it fresher longer . Depending on what we 're doing with the lettuce , sometimes the leaves can simply be torn apart . However , if we 're using lettuce for tacos , I like to cut it in skinny strips . Again , I like to use the lettuce knife for this . I had a previous lettuce knife which I ordered from a catalog , but it broke in two after a few years . I ordered this Fox Run lettuce knife as a replacement . I was surprised when it arrived to discover how flimsy it was -LRB- almost like a dollar store item -RRB- , especially for the price . So far , it has done its job , but I have been very careful with it . I really do not expect it to hold up long . So I do recommend the use of a lettuce knife should you wish to cut your lettuce , but I would suggest finding something more durable than this one .
 I am a middle school science teacher and ordered this for a lab activity . The description indicated that i was ordering a pack of 6 . It was only ONE pie plate . This leaves me VERY short in supply for the lab I was intending to complete with my class tomorrow . It also makes the cost incredibly higher being I was only getting one when I thought I was getting 6 . I am hoping that the company will correct the error by sending me the pie plates that I had ordered AND by changing the description for future customers . I can see that I was not the only one who was misled .
 $ 15 for one single pie plate - that 's just crazy . $ 15 for six pie plates would have been crazy too but that 's what it says in the title and description of this listing . But , of course , only one pie plate came in the mail . Do not order this hoping that it will actually be as described .
 If I could , I would give this product a negative rating . I used this pie plate to heat some egg rolls , and it exploded in my oven . Except for the egg rolls and the plate itself , there was no permanent damage , but it took me hours to clean up the mess . The heat was set at 425 - the upper acceptable limit shown on the label . The plate had been used once or twice before to bake pies , so it was virtually brand new . This pan is dangerous and should not be used . It is not the same high quality Pyrex we all grew up with and loved . This is a cheap Chinese knock-off -LRB- that costs the same ! -RRB- that will almost certainly end up hurting someone . Check out -LSB- ... -RSB- for more info on this problem .
 Like others have said in the reviews , this is only for a single plate and not a `` Pack of 6 '' . Unfortunately I did not check the other reviews before placing this order . Thankfully Amazon 's excellent customer service came through and refunded me the price of the plate however please heed the warnings of the other reviewers and not buy this item expecting 6 plates .
 This is an inacurate listing -- it is NOT actually a case of 6 -- You will only get a single pie plate . Highly overpriced one plate . I should have read the feedback before ordering since its happened to others . I asked the customer service rep to have the listing corrected , and he said he 'd turn it over to the website folks . At least you 'll get your money back , but you wo n't get the pie plates you actually ordered.Otherwise a great product , but coming from a shady third party seller !
 was not able to try it out since we can not get it to turn on . We are requesting a return/replacement .
 Its impossible to read the time on the clock face . The light is too dim . I could n't figure out how to set the clock - nothing worked . Only works on batteries - the plug was useless . Basically just a useless plastic box .
 This is one of the worst examples of design and quality that I have ever encountered in an electronic device . .
 Very Very hard to set up . Myself , husband or teenage computer nerd had hard time figuring out . When finally got it then the alarm was not reliable . One time late for work was all it took . Sent it back .
 I purchased this product for a Christmas gift . it showed up on time and in good condition . when I oppened the package the item felt as though it should cost a third of what it did . It is small ! Not even close to the size I pictured it to be . most standard alarm clock radio 's are twice its size and weight . It just felt cheap and flimsy . And the screen is tiny . my digital camera has a bigger screen so it wont matter if the picture is of poor quality because you wont be able to tell ! as far as the operation I was generaly satisfied except I was under the impression that this item had acsending alarm volume . -LRB- main reason for purchase -RRB- and it does not . I would not purchase another one . I regret it
 I ordered one for every movie and the other three , from other sellers were fantastic ; this one on the other hand was bent to hell and had to sit under a flat surface for a day just to be &#34; sort of okay . &#34; I put it up for now , but I 'll definitely be replacing it ASAP .
 I 'm very disappointed that the Rome products are made in China especially , since it states it 's made in USA . Just because items are assembled in USA does n't mean it 's made in USA . Please correct this and not mislead people like it mislead us .
 In May 2010 I purchased this mat along with a Matfer Exopat in order to compare them to my aging Silpat before ordering more . I wish I would have saved the label since this came from an incorrectly mixed batch of silicone . The mat I received is outgassing in a 350 degree oven and it smells terrible , like melting plastics -LRB- it should be fine up to 500F -RRB- The new Matfer had no odor when being used , nor did my Silpat when new . As further evidence of the incorrect mix/poor quality , this mat was stained from chocolate chips in the cookies . I had no discoloration issues with the other silicone mats when the same batch of cookies was baked . Unfortunately , since its a used product , I ca n't return this -- so into the trash it goes.I strongly recommend that you spend the extra few dollars and get the Matfer or Silpat mats , both appear to be identical and both are made in France . If you really do n't want to get one of the better mats , then at least wait a few months and hope that the bad batch of `` World Cuisine '' mats have already moved out of inventory .
 Sadly Amazon chose not to be forward about where this product was manufactured . Had I known that it was made in China I never would have purchased it either . There is a reason that a law is being contemplated that will require the statement of the country of origin . I wish Amazon would do this voluntarily . : -LRB- I can not recommend this item , as I would not allow anything in the kitchen that was made in China at the moment . There are too many news stories of products being toxic , poisonous and downright deadly . Hopefully , when China cleans up their act and the corruption within the state . Maybe then .
 I 'm returning this because it 's made in China . I have no problems with things made in China . I generally like Chinese-made goods but I 'm not sure baking cookies on this silicone-thing in a 400 degree oven will keep my food safe . It 's not just made of silicone . It 's got filler ingredients . It 's no surprise that the country of origin is not mentioned on Amazon or World Cuisine 's website . I think I 'll stick with the French-made Silpat sold for $ 20 .
 The product was not expensive and works all right though it is made in China and there were a few spots unevenly coated . The other one I have is a Silpat made in France and much better made .
 The entire background color is a milky washed out mid blue . I was expecting a tealish blue to black . There is no darker part at the bottom . The online picture is so wrong . I have to return it .
 I 'm not going to lie , I was really excited when I found this item on amazon . I placed my order and waited in anticipatement for it to arrive . When it finally did , I opened the box to find a stapled shoddy piece of crap . The outside of the nightstand was fine , except for the fact the thing could n't stand evenly . I had to put tape on the bottom to keep it from rocking . When I tried to slide in the actual drawer , the wooden inserts holding it broke off because they were stapled to the inside of the nightstand . Thats right , they were stapled . The guys at Ace Hardware told me it would be impossible to staple the pieces back into the nightstand because of the angle and risk of the staples ruining the nightstand . So I had to go and buy woodglue and line up the pieces and glue them back in place so they could hold the drawer . All in all , for the amount of money and time spent in putting this thing back together , I would honestly say spend your money on something else . I 'm not trying to be negative nancy here , but seriously you can do a lot better .
 Great design . A bit cheap on drawer backing . Big problem is the red dye powders off in the drawer and gets on everything . Actually had to line the inside of it with contact paper . Would not put anything of value in it . Glad I have it because could find no other with this design but really not worth the price if you can find anything else .
 The quality of this item has really deteriorated since the last time I bought one years ago . The metal clips holding the bale wire arrived with paint chipped off and exposed metal .
 We 've had this purifier for a little over 12 months now . We clean it as recommended . About 4 months after we purchased it the fan developed a buzz when it is on . It has just got worse as time has passed . So much , in fact , that we have to place the unit on its side in order for the buzz to go away . Not sure how effective the unit is on it 's side , but it is in a small room so we are not asking it to purify a large area . It seems to be cleaning the air alright , but the durablity of the machine is its downfall . Look for something else .
 Like the previous reviewer , I found the sound produced by this purifier to be unnacceptable . I should preface this by saying that I 've been sleeping next to a very loud fan all summer and actually enjoy the white noise . The problem is , the noise that this purifier makes can only be described as a loud arhythmical plastic grinding . After running it for about a week and the noise actually getting worse I 've decided to return it .
 This air purifier looks stylish , but a little too big comparing to other similar air purifiers . They use cheap plastic for the unit 's cover and carrying handle . That is still acceptable considering its low price . But , it is so badly designed that when I carry the unit , it seems that the handle would come off anytime.The first time I turned it on , it sounded a little loud . I thought it was normal , so I gave it sometime to try out . It got even louder a few days later . Then , it was as if the fan was falling apart . So , I returned it . All I want is a decent air purifier , but it is so sad that it is defective . : -LRB-
 I totally concur with OR Murray ! I would never have thought Oregon Scientific would have had something as cheap as this ! It says the AC adapter is included . . it 's not ... why would I want a projection clock if I ca n't get it to project all the time ? It keeps me from having to sit up in bed ... look over the lump who is my dear husband and try to see the clock ! It 's not rocket science ... but getting the clock to the correct time zone is !! Make the clock EASY ! I am computer literate and my family considers me the person to do all things like this ... but when companies do like this it makes that job harder ! The instructions were horrible ! I will definitely think again before I will spend the extra money on an OS product .
 Only projects when you hit the snooze button , which is impossible to find in the dark , so what is the point ? It says you can have continuous projection with an AC adapter , but try finding one . And then , I tried plugging in the AC adapter from my bedside Oregon Scientific clock , which seemed to fit but ... no continuous projection still , and I ca n't find a manual anywhere . It 's a compact and stylish travel clock if you do n't need to read the time in the dark .
 I was very excited to get this clock , but it just does not live up to its description . The projected time is very hard or impossible to see unless the room is pitch black . It also only projects continuously if you buy a separate power cord to plug it in . In my case , the cord jack connection appears to be weak , so the projection still blinks out . The front display is also hard to read . The black-on-grey color scheme does not provide enough contrast . It can show the time via back-light , but again you have to press a button for this function , and then it is on for a minute.My husband also had a difficult time getting it to detect the time , and we are in the eastern US time zone.Don ' t bother with this product . It 's a waste of money .
 I bought mine about a year ago for the projected time on the ceiling however it does not project without an ac adapter which was not included . Since I already had it and could n't wait for a replacement I tried to make the most of it and went to Radio Shack to see if I could get an ac adapter for it there . They tried everything and could not get it work with any ac adapter . So mine does not project unless I hit the snooze which is not the way I intended to use the projection.Another problem that I have had is setting the time , which I need to do every time I travel and I travel a lot . It is very , very complicated . The instructions were very difficult to read so I downloaded it from the manufacturers website . This was easily done but the instructions are very poor . I finally gave up on the instructions and just wing it each time . I no longer use it for traveling because I do n't need the headaches of setting a simple travel alarm clock when I travel.I also noticed that it takes a long time for the clock to sync with the atomic clock in Boulder CO but it eventually does . I think it usually takes a few weeks -LRB- therefore it was never synced when I traveled -RRB- . I live in a very big city in South Florida so I was surprised as I have had other clocks that synced much quicker.If you travel or want something that projects the time or need to be be synced with the atomic clock immediately , then this is NOT the clock for you.As for using it on other continents , I have not taken it out of North America to verify it would actually sync with one of the atomic clocks across the globe.Hope this was helpful .
 Micheal Scott furniture has ALWAYS had a good reputation for producing fine furniture ... until now . This piece , produced in Thialand , is the WORST example of a chair I have seen , for the money being asked . There must be absolutely NO quality control in the factory , or should I say hut , where this item was produced , as if there were any inspection , I can not imagine this piece would ever have been allowed to be shipped . Or worse , if there is a QC dept , and this was allowed , well , SHAME ON YOU MICHEAL SCOTT FURNITURE for allowing this to happen . Starting with the finish , it runs the gammut fron excessive paint causing very noticable runs , to areas with no more coverage than `` over spray `` The seat , which is machined / routed to contour to one 's posterior , is full of checks where a dull machine / router bit cuts accross the grain - not an uncommon problem when working with hardwood . Now , any woodworker knows when you are dealing with a painted surface , as here , it is a simple process to fill these checks with a filler , sand and paint . No attempt was made to repair the checks - they were simply painted over . Holes drilled for stretcher spindles are oversized , spindles undersized in both diameter , and in length , the stretchers then rattle in their holes and are totally useless as stretchers - allowing , over time , the legs to splay out . When assembled , due to misalligned holes , the item is out of square in all three dimensions , and will not set level . I would be sooo ashamed to put MY name on this product - but that 's just me - evidently Micheal Scott furiture feels differently . I also question Amazon 's decision to offer this poor quality merchandise - it has certainly put me off from doing any more business with them . Needless to say , it went back the very next day . If this were just one problem , I would chalk it up to one bad item . But when there is the multitude of the problems , with one item , as here , I can only draw the conclusion that there is a bigger problem with ANYTHING you would order from Michael Scott . It will be iteresting to see if Amazon posts this ...
 This thing is awful ! Every time you touch it , the whole roll of towels comes flying off . I replaced an old broken down metal holder with this one . I should have kept the broken one . It was better .
 Reading the reviews of this thing makes me think that there is more than one version of this model ; I do n't know how anyone could give it even one star if they are all the same as the one that I had . I put one in my garage and found the one that I had to be most unsatisfactory . The arms are spaced too far apart , hence there is no braking tension on the roll and the roll would occasionally fall out when I tried to tear off a towel -LRB- of necessity using two hands to keep the roll from spinning -RRB- . The little spring-loaded `` ears '' that retract into the arms for loading the roll are spring loaded by a sort of plastic bar spring , one of which broke after a very short period of time , rendering the thing useless . I was almost glad when it broke since I then had no guilt when I threw it in the trash .
 I found this to be useless -- it 's way too wide to properly hold a roll of paper towels . A roll of paper towels is barely 10-7/8 '' wide . The arms on this holder are 11-1/2 '' apart . So the roll of towels just flops around awkwardly , offering no grip or resistance and barely staying on the holder ! I threw this out and found a wall-mount holder that works a lot better : HOLDER PAPER TOWEL WHITEby Spectrum . There are possibly also others that hold well ; I wanted a white , non-metal holder , so I went with that and it works fine .
 Very poor design , pull on the towel and the roll comes out , not strong enough to hold the roll while you get a single towel from the roll.I have one and am looking for a better one .
 It is that simple , the towels stay on fine IF you do n't touch them or only pull the paper to one side . The oppposite of snug!I called Rubbermaid and I am supposed to get a different product at a store .
 It is easy to change the paper towels , but the paper towel roll falls out after even a gentle touch . Not recommended
 This `` Paper Towel Holder '' -LRB- L3-2364-P1-WHT -RRB- may work as intended if wall mounted , but NOT mounted under a cabinet.I bought one at a local store and installed it underneath a cabinet as instructed . The towels -LRB- Bounty -RRB- kept falling off onto the countertop . I finally took it down and replaced it with another brand . They should rename their product `` Paper Towel Dropper '' . '' It IS easy to put in a new roll , but when you touch it to get one towel off , the whole roll falls off . It 's a badly designed product . I rated this -LRB- 1 -RRB- star because -LRB- 0 -RRB- star was not an option .
 My old Rubbermaid paper towel holder cracked and broke after 20 years , so I bought this as a replacement . What a nightmare ! I made my husband take it down after 5 times of reaching to tear a paper towel and having the entire roll come down with it . Two ridiculous side clips retract and release the roll of paper towels when you try to tear at an angle with one hand . This gets a DO NOT BUY warning from me ! What was Rubbermaid thinking ????
 POS . Lousy , cheap dollar-store quality for $ 33 . `` Danesco '' must come from Denmark , right ? Wrong , more Chinese prison labor . Cheap stamped metal formed to look like a casting , cheap plastic gears , DOES NOT WORK . Jams on itself then freewheels . Went right in the trash .
 I was VERY disappointed in this egg beater . Does n't turn freely , spokes were bent , catches on itself . I would n't recommend this egg beater to anyone , especially for $ 33 .
 Mine kicks on and off while running heater and makes noises before coming on . A kid blowing out a candle on their birthday blows more air than this fan . When i get in front of it it blows about the same amount of air as whistling . The fan has no blockage behind it etc. . I might try rigging a pc fan instead of using this inefficient over priced blower . My heater came with this heater so i am glad i did not have to buy it separate . What i have done for years is mount a fan on the wall above my previous heater identical to this one and have it aim down at a 45 degree angle and it is great . It is plastic and has plastic feet and i drilled the feet and screwed it to the wall . The angle is adjustable so it is a win win . I have done this for 6 or more years and had no problems with my fan idea melting etc. . It is about 18 inches above the heater .
 This thing barley puts out any air . Before I even attached it to my heater , I plugged it in and turned it on . I could not even feel any air blowing on my hand from only 2 feet away ! The other bad thing about this is that the cord is only about 3 ' long so unless you are installing your heater directly over an outlet -LRB- I did not -RRB- , your gon na need an extension cord . It also seems a little noisy for the little amount of air it puts out . I am going to keep this but only because it is better than nothing .
 I purchased the 30K BTU heater and this fan from Menards . The heater works great . This auxiliary fan works good on `` ON '' mode but not on `` AUTO '' mode . It blows a nice amount of air to help circulate the heated air . I called ProCom and they said they had some trouble with these and that I should bent the bracket with the sensor down toward the flame . That did n't help . One time the fan ran for about a minute then turned back off so I know the wires are connected . It seems that the sensor , which is mounted on the end of a sheetmetal L bracket , is not close enough to the metal divider between the flame and the cavity where the blower is . I returned the blower to Menards and exchanged it for a new one . Same results . I may make a new bracket that is a little longer so the sensor is tight against the metal divider to get a better heat transfer to the sensor . 2 stars because the blower only works good on `` ON '' mode .
 I was very dissapointed with the quality of the Safah Collection 300-Thread-Count 100 % Pima Cotton Full Sheet Set . After being washed , the sheets took on a very dull look and rough feeling . Even with extra softener added to the wash cycle , the sheets , after their second use , continue to have a very brittle feel . The seams are very poorly sewn and I would never recommend anyone to buy sheets from this source .
 Do n't waste your money on these sheets and cases . I have and am sorry . I have a top of the line Maytag Neptune but the sheets and cases did not perform well even through the gentle product wash . The stitching is sweat shop quality with the seams and stitch spacing inferior at best . The weft and weave are not cut right so that the items naturally shrink at different rates and directions . I use mine for cleaning rags after just two washings . Save yourselves and just pass this one by !!!!
 The sheets feel like Sand-Paper after the first wash and the pillowcases do n't fit any size pillow as they are cut incorrectly . The Joseph Aboudd sheets I purchased are much better than these but now the are $ 50 vs. $ 40 when I purchased
 Nice & soft but ... begining with the first washinng the color started fading out in spots & blotches . It looks like the sheets & pillow cases were splashed with bleach , but they were n't . Just poor quality . I 'd stay away from these .
 These sheets are very thin . I have n't even slept on them yet , because ... I 'm not looking forward to it . I washed them twice hoping to soften them and inspire myself to put them on the bed ... but so far it 's not working . I 'm bummed .
 I bought the white version . After the first wash , the fibers on the sheets started balling up . While they fit my oversized mattress , they do not remain taught on the bed and begin to slip off after only a couple nights . Very unattractive . See-through . Like mosquito netting . What a waste of money at any price !!!!
 After the first wash , the fibers on the sheets started balling up . While they fit my oversized mattress , they do not remain taught on the bed and begin to slip off after only a couple nights . Very unattractive . See-through . Like mosquito netting . What a waste of money at any price !!!!
 Although the colors are very bright and the fabric is nice , after two washings of these sheets , the bottom sheet has already started to `` fuzzball '' like a sweater , which I have never seen happen to bedsheets before .
 I noticed that reviewers for some of the other colors of these sheets mentioned that after a few washings , `` spots '' would appear , as if they had been splashed with bleach . After having these sheets for two weeks , I started seeing these `` spots '' on the pillowcases -LRB- and no , there was never any bleach near the sheets or left over in the washer -RRB- . I do n't know what is causing the spots , but these sheets are pretty much ruined . Be careful , or stick with the white sheets .
 I have these sheets in this color -LRB- but in queen size -RRB- , and after only five weeks , the stitching has come undone in several places on the pillowcases . In addition , the color fades unevenly in the wash making them appear splotchy . Finally , the color is susceptible to fading from acidic sweat . I have several places on the pillowcases and sheets that appear to have been bleached .
 I washed these sheets before placing them on my bed , and they came out of the dryer looking like a wrinkled mess ! And the texture was even worse ! They feel very rough . My 200 thread count sheets are smoother and nicer than these . Save your $ $ for something better .
 The sheets are wrinkled after the wash and there is n't the ' 300-thread-count ' smoothness as I have expected . Bought sheets with a 200 count that came out smoother and just as much wrinkles . Will not make a repeat buy from this manufacturer .
 Material is nice , but top sheet shrunk so much that it will not tuck under mattress on both sides ; it barely covers top of mattress . Fitted sheet is fine .
 These sheets are great , very comfortable and the price you can not bet.They fit my oversize mattress great , no pulling up from the sides or the ends of the mattress.I also purchased the regular size sheets in this brand and they are super.You feel like you are sleeping on silk .
 1 . They are not made in America . They are made in Pakistan . 2 . They do NOT FIT ! I even took the elastic out of the fitted sheet and it is about 12 inches too short . Maybe this is how they fit in Pakistan , but not in the US ! 3 . Not comfortable and the white looks pink . I bleached them several times and they still look pink ' 4 . Great price , crappy product.My advice , DO NOT BUY THESE !!!
 The `` King '' size sheet set contained 1 king top sheet , 2 king pillowcases , and 1 FULL size fitted sheet . Made in Pakistan .
 I was really excited about this sheet set , but after I washed the set once and slept on them for 2 weeks , the fitted sheet started to pill . Also , I ordered a king set and they send me a California king set . I did n't mind since I like oversized sheets , but still . In any event the sheets are soft and nice to sleep on . For now , until they pill even further .
 These sheets looked lovely when purchased , but after multiple washings , the sateen stripe faded and it only looks like a pattern of stripes on the sheet . The fabric is not soft at all and I have tried fabric softeners and hanging it out on the line to no avail . The casing is hemmed in one continuous pocket so the elastic slips around - the elastic is free to shift as it is not sewed within the hem . I 've never seen anything like that and I hope I never will again . These sheets seem like something you would get at a bargain basement 5 and dime store . I do LOVE the color and that is why it got a star . I am extremely disappointed with the sheets .
 I have bought inexpensive sheets before but these are the worst . These were VERY thin and once I washed them , they were like gauze . They also shrunk so that they no longer fit on my pillowtop mattress . They are now in the trash .
 This purifier does some air filtering , but has n't impressed me thus far . The amount of dust I ' v cleaned off from the units filters over the past month seems barely more than what might have collected on it naturely during that time if it were a table . My recommendation
 While most people call it white noise , the actual term for the soothing sound is `` Brownian noise '' . -LRB- Wikipedia has a good explanation of the concept . -RRB- It is the sound of wind breaking against the gratings of a fan or filter , and it is soothing for those who ca n't fall asleep in complete silence . It 's how I expected this purifier to sound , but I was mistaken.In addition to the Brownian noise , the purifier generates two more sounds . The first is the humming of the motor , coupled with the resonance of the unit . It 's impossible to sleep in the same room as the purifier , unless it 's run on the `` Low '' setting - the humming of the fan just gets too loud otherwise . And while recently I 've become a sound purist , I have and sometimes still do fall asleep with the computer turned on or with music playing.The second additional sound is the buzzing . Due to either a defective unit or faulty design , this purifier generates a buzzing akin to a loose piece of paper stuck in the device . -LRB- Though there is none - I checked . -RRB- The most probable cause of this is also the motor , which is not perfectly balanced . This is the sound that I catch myself focusing on when I 'm trying to sleep , since it stands out over the Brownian noise and the humming . In fact , I would probably keep the unit if it were n't for this buzzing
 I used this to try and reduce pollen and allergies to dust etc. . I 'd leave it on in a medium sized room , but did n't feel like the product did anything to help clean the air .
 Seemed to work for a month - then nothing . All it does is move air around and make noise . When you go to clean the filter because the indicator says it 's dirty - there 's no dirt there to clean.It 's also advertised as HEPA , when it is not.Bought an Austin HM-400 , and the difference is astounding . The HM-200 is more equivalent to this one in price and performance - worth a look .
 I needed an air filter to suck up some dust in the house and refresh the air in the room . I thought this would do it and boy was I wrong . It 's noise which I did n't really mind if it does the job . I have turned it on for over a month straight . The filter sensor bar tells me that the filter is about 70 % dirty . I checked the filter and it is as new as I bought it . I find practively no dust in it but outside it . I still have dust problem and the air quality is hmm ... about the same . It 's big and taking up a lot of my room space too .
 After a short time , undesirable particles that this device is supposed to filter out of the air get stuck to unreachable surfaces of which this air filter has many , including the surfaces of the fans . I think natural humidity has something to do with this . Honeywell engineers have put no thought into how to provide for wiping clean these surfaces clean without trying to pry the main covering open , which they seem to have deliberately made impossible , without breaking it of course . Even blowing air through it with air pressure tool or air canister can not get rid of the buildup after just a year of use . So this air purifier comes with it 's own demise built in ; too many uncleanable surfaces that make this a dust collector as opposed to an air purifier . Most people who already own this probably have not closely examined the surfaces I am referring to .
 I CAN NOT REVIEW THIS ITEM AS IT ARRIVED NON-WORKING ... I CONTACTED AMAZON TO ALERT THE MERCHANT . . TO NO AVIAL ... BUYER BEWARE
 I purchased the Honeywell HFD-130 throught Amazon . As I plugged the unit , then only thing that happened was the LCD small display turned ON but nothing else happened . Emailed Amazon about that and they very much so took care of returning the unit with NO fee for returned shipment . I give Amazon 5 star service for taking care of returning a defective product .
 Dad said it does not keep out the smoke from the other apts . that is why we bought this
 i bought this item a while ago , used it for 2 weeks and returned it . it did not work at all at removing particles from the air . i 'm sticking to true HEPA filters from now on .
 Not as good at removing dust particles as a HEPA filter with a paper element . Would not buy this product again .
 I am on deployment in Kabul , Afghanistan and needed an air purifier . There is a lot of smog here and many of us have been sick . Since you would n't send to an APO address , it had to be shipped to my husband , who , in turn , shipped it straight to me . I just received it last night , March 5th , and it would not even turn on.I have already put it in the mail according to your directions , but I feel you should ship it directly to me - at the APO address I have provided . If I had n't needed this , I would not have ordered it . I might change my rating if it is shipped straight to me and it WORKS !
 I have owned this unit for a little over a year now , using every night on low speed . It produces a nice noise that helps me get to sleep . However , i got it for removing dirt , mold , oder , etc. . The other day i went to vacuum out the unit and the filter and noticed a ton of built up dust on the area before it reaches the filter . This area is impossible to clean thourghly because of the way the unit is put together . I used some compressed air to clean up what i could , but there was still much built up dust/dirt that i could not get to . I called `` KAZ '' and they told me to use compressed air to clean this area and i told them i had and they said there was nothing that could be done . They said the dirt can not be removed . Being a clean freak , i was disappointed in there customer service answer and was told i had to live with the remaining built up dirt in the area before the air gets to the filter . So buyer beware , check the area below the air filter that you can plainly see up through the air openings at the bottom of the unit . The dirt will build up there after a few months .
 This review was for the Honeywell HFD-135 , which is an upgraded unit with added UV light sterilizing features that I believe the HFD-130 does not have . The filtration mechanism is the same however , so I thought my review might be helpful here.I own the Honeywell HFD-135 air purifier along with a Sharper Image Hybrid GP air purifier for the past 3 years . Although I do not suffer from many allergies , I would prefer to keep my home air as clean as possible for guests and my health.I was always skeptical over the effectiveness of my air purifiers , as they both do not use HEPA filter media to `` strain '' out the air , but both rely on charging particles and then collecting these charged particles on a collection grid . The Honeywell also has 6 ozone generating probes to `` add refreshing ions '' to the air -LRB- if you flip your filter on its side and turn off the lights , you 'll see these metal needles that glow purple at the tip of the needle while the unit is running -RRB- , whereas the Sharper Image Hybrid GP has a catalytic `` Ozone Guard '' grid to neutralize ozone.In any case , my skepticism brought me to purchase a laser particle counter from Dylos Corporation , one that measures the amount of particles in the air between 0.5 micrometers to 2.5 micrometers , and from 2.5 micrometers up , per cubic foot of air . The EPA -LRB- http://www.epa.gov/pm/basic.html -RRB- states that air particles under the size of 10 micrometers is generally not good for your lungs and health , so the less fine particles in the air the better.As a reference , Dylos states that if you add up both the particles counts that it collects together , anything above 105,000 particles/cubic foot is an indication of poor air quality , 30,000-105 ,000 is fair , 15,000-30 ,000 is good , 7,500-15 ,000 is very good , and 0-7 ,500 is excellent.I power up the particle counter unit outside the home -LRB- Phoenix Arizona -RRB- just to see what my air quality was like outdoors , the unit read 112,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5uM-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 21,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . Poor air quality.Inside my house the unit registered 28,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 6,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . Fair air border-lining good air quality.Now the interesting part , testing the air coming out of the two air filters : Sharper Image Hybrid GP on High registered 12,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 4,200 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . So the unit is cleaning the air , but not as well as a true HEPA filter would , which theoretically filters out 99 % of particles above 1uM . But still helping bring the air quality towards the very good range.Honeywell HFD-135 on High registered 114,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5uM-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 8,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . This thing is spewing out more pollution than the air outside ! Particularly smaller particles between 0.5uM-2 .5 uM . Perhaps it is from all the ozone being generated from the unit.I can not recommend this filter based on what I have observed , I have stopped using this unit because it appears to make more air pollutants than it cleans.Update 1-7-11I retested both units after giving them a thorough cleaning and the results were as follows : Sharper Image Hybrid GP on High registered 10,500 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 4,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . A slight improvement.Honeywell HFD-135 on High registered 241,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5uM-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 13,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . This unit is even dirtier after cleaning ?
 My boyfriend ordered a set of these for each of his brothers , and himself . They were to be a remembrance of a pair of salt and paper shakers that their late mother had . We were horrified to open the box and find salt and pepper shakers that I would n't even purchase at a dollar store . For a dollar . The glaze was slopped onto the pieces , and there was a chip on one of the pieces . I would be humiliated to place these on our Christmas table . Horror has turned to heartbreak . These were intended to make the recipients feel good , not let down . There is a moral to this story . BUY AMERICAN . Do n't buy things made in Chinese sweatshops by little kids who ought to be outside , playing .
 One of the shakers was broken in half due to poor packing so I returned them & got a refund . Very shoddy craftmanship I might add .
 This bag is really for people who bring a certain type of lunch - a sandwich , drink and maybe a small snack like a granola bar . As some people have noted , the neoprene is quite stretchable , but for people who bring lunches that may not fit in one of those sandwich-sized tupperware containers -LRB- such as multiple-component lunches , or soup -RRB- , it 's not really a flexible enough design . Even if you do use the sandwiched-sized tupperware containers , there 's not much room left for other things after that -LRB- you could increase space by using a plastic sandwich baggie , but would sacrifice eco-friendliness -RRB- . The asymmetry of the lunchbag can also make it somewhat awkward to carry/hold when it 's full , as the drink side is usually a bit heavier than the sandwich side -LRB- it also does not easily stand up on its own -RRB- . I do like the clean design , and quality of the material and construction , though , so I am thinking about getting one of the bigger , one-compartment Built lunchbags .
 I bought this for my husband and he tried it but did not like it . It was not big enough for him -LRB- he only takes yogurt and something else small like applesauce or small bag of grapes -RRB- . It did not keep his lunch cold enough either . And he puts his old lunch bag in his briefcase but this one would not fit . Maybe someone else in my family would use it .
 I own a Yellow 4 slice model , this is without a doubt the worst toaster I have owned . Over the past 50 years there have been many.It is clumsy , slow , hard to regulate and is consistant in that it never toasts the bread the same . Its a grab bag as to what your toast looks like.Over $ 300 for something that works like a $ 9.95 special .
 Bought it ... could n't believe how flimsy . Went to Amazon/Target online and found alternative
 And it does n't even pop the toast up ? What is happening to the world ? I hear that they last a long time , and my relatives -LRB- independently wealthy , I might add -RRB- are happy with this thing but let 's consider the facts
 My love for this toaster lasted all of two days . Were I not so thrilled with its looks , I would have thrown it out in the first 20 minutes . It 's like a handsome , charming man who happens to be useless , lazy , and incompetent.Now two years have passed , and I hate the thing . It still warms up slowly , still toasts WILDLY unevenly , still takes up too much space , still has slots that ca n't accommodate thick bread or wide bread , and now even the ticking of the timer has begun to get on my nerves . Probably because I know that after three minutes of listening to it , 1/2 of my slice will be toasted , 1/4 of my slice will be burnt black , and 1/4 of my slice will be untouched by heat . I 'd have gotten a better piece of toast if I lit the $ 300 on fire and waved a slice of bread over the flames.I got online today to buy a new toaster , and decided to swing by here to warn any prospective buyers of this Dualit away !
 Here is why I found this toaster to be a POS : Uneven heat - different slots will brown or burn toast before other slots even warm up.Unmarked controls - who can tell what the control switches do as they are unmarked.Wont fit larger bread - bagels , challah , or large slices wont fit.Entire unit gets too hot - will melt nearby plastics.Bad customer service - try contacting Dualit and see what happens.They wont be there for you as they are laughing all the way to the bank.If you are considering spending $ 300.00 on a toaster this one is n't it.The Dualit toaster has very poor engineering , poor build quality , bad design , and lacking customer service .
 Pretty but , uneven toasting , first batch comes ok but uneven , second batch same temperature , burned . First slot -LRB- left side -RRB- comes almost not toasted even with the sandwich cage -LRB- -LRB- I buy medium thickness toast so , needs it to stay in place as the slots are quite wide -RRB- . I used it sparingly for less than two years but , the timer is broken now , I wrote to customer service the following letter : Our 4 slice toaster burned our toast to ashes last night as the timer got stuck!It was purchased in 2005 as a wedding gift but , only started using it sparingly in late 2007 , after we moved to a new home.I can not imagine that a product with values such as Dualit 's , can be as dangerous as not havinga cut off power control if overheating -LRB- I had never seen toast turning into ashes in my life before -RRB- ! I do not know what kind of warranty it carries if any but , I definitely hope it offers service / replacement.Also , the toaster has been making very uneven and unpredictable -LRB- sometimes too light , sometimes very dark , depending whether it was the first batch or not -RRB- toast which again , for such a highly praised machine , I would expect much better and consistent results.We used to have a simple Russell Hobs that produced great toast every time either from frozen or from fresh.To which they replied : `` We are sorry to hear you are experiencing problems with your Dualit toaster.The Timer on this product is a mechanically wound part and can therefore , over time , lose elasticity . For this reason , we do recommend in our Instruction Manual that the appliance is not left unattended during use and is switched off at the socket when not in use.However , a replacement Timer unit can be obtained on our website or by calling our Customer Service Helpline . `` Hardly the service or reply one would expect , if you look on ebay , there are hundreds of sales of replacement timers sold which means I am not the only one with a broken one . Do not buy if you can help it , unless you are prepared to live with uneven toast and have to buy either a replacement or a new one soon after ...
 I bought my first Dualit in the 90s . I thought a $ 350 . toaster would last a lifetime . The first one lasted eight years . I thought maybe I got unlucky since I live alone and do n't eat that much toast . Because I love the design I bought another . Both were four slice . The first one just stopped working . This one has been sneakier . It has stopped toasting one side on 2 of the slots and stopped entirely on the other 2 . Now I 'm standing close by and flipping the toast over manually . I do n't know if I 'm going to buy a third yet . I 'm a sucker for this design , but I 'm incredibly disappointed in this appliance that should have been a once in a lifetime purchase .
 I just do n't get it . What about the way this toaster makes toast gets people in such a tizzy ? I do n't find that it makes toast any better than any other toaster I 've ever had . It 's just * toast * . Worse yet , the Dualit makes this most simple of operations far more difficult and expensive than it could ever possibly need to be .1 . The darn thing costs hundreds of dollars . That 's too much for a toaster , I do n't care how pretty it is .2 . You have to monitor your toast carefully . Unless you toast exactly the same kind of bread every time , you have to constantly keep an eye on it to make sure it does n't burn . Even when you get the exact right amount of time , the timer dial is small and not well marked , so it 's quite difficult to get exactly the same amount of toasting time each time you use it - so you have to watch your toast every single time you make toast .3 . The toast is never done on one side as much as it is on the other .4 . Slots that are much too narrow for anything except sandwich bread . -LRB- Oh , and those sandwich cages ? The only way you 'll get a sandwich in there is if you make them with saltine crackers , not regular bread . -RRB- 5 . The lever you use to bring the bread up tends to squish stuff forward , messing up the bread unless it 's already fully toasted . This is a problem because , as previously noted , you have to constantly keep an eye on your toast , and the only way to do that is to keep popping it up.Sometimes you get what you pay for , but most assuredly not with the Dualit . And even if it worked well , you have to ask yourself
 I bought the previous model , so take that into consideration . Thought I was buying top of the line in toasters . Bought from Williams Sonoma , and paid top dollar . Completely non-consistent toasting . Black on one side , undercooked on other side . Had ability to turn off two of the slots with a switch , but the way they wired it one of the sides on the third slot was still getting power . My wife and son made fun of me every time I used this thing and it mis-toasted ... saying , `` Top of the Line '' . This morning I placed two slices of thin Jewish Rye in the slots , and they jammed along side of the manual flipper . I tried to get them out with a knife , but in doing so , I apparently damaged the wires , and the circuit protector on my outlet blew . Thank God . Now I can buy a new one . Will not repurchase Dualit . I 'm pretty sure Williams Sonoma no longer carries these .
 The two slots on the left toast lighter than the right-hand slots , and the toasting is uneven from top to bottom in all slots . This toaster takes longer to toast bread than other toasters -LRB- 1800 watts ??? -RRB- and needs `` warm-up '' time after it has cooled between slices . Also , the slots are not wide enough for rye and country breads and sliced bagels . Harry Potter could n't get a sandwich into the optional sandwich basket that is designed to slide into a slot on this toaster . THE OUTTER SHELL HEATS UP INTENSLEY AT THE SLOTS !!! Overall it performs like a $ 39 Black & Decker and looks like it should n't be in a modern kitchen -LRB- 1960-present -RRB- !
 My wife insisted on buying a Dualit 4-slice toaster , primarily because it was pretty . Also , the Dualit had good reviews . I wanted more features , but she won . So we lived with the Dualit for a while . It was awful . You 'd put four slices of bread in it , and they 'd each come out different . Also , each individual piece of toast would be inconsistent -LRB- soft in places and burnt in others -RRB- . Finally , one of the heating elements in the Dualit stopped working , making it a 3-and-a-half slice toaster.Don ' t waste your money on the Dualit , unless your motivation for buying a toaster is to have something that looks pretty , or if you want to impress your friends . If you want something that works well , stay away from the Dualit toasters.In case you 're curious , I replaced it with a Breville BOV800XL toaster oven . It 's fantastic , costs less than the Dualit 4-slice toaster , is easy to use , bakes very well , can handle bagels -LRB- something that the Dualit can not -RRB- , and toasts bread better than the Dualit toaster .
 I HAVE PURCHASED THIS ITEM AND IT LOOKS GOOD , WORKS HORRIBLY . TOAST IS UNEVEN , OVER DONE , `` BURNT '' , ON ONE SIDE AND THE OTHER SIDE IS UNDER TOASTED ON THE SAME SLICE , UNBELIEVEABLE , UNDER DONE ON ONE SIDE AND BURNT ON THE OTHER . ALL FOUR SLICES ARE RUINED AT A DIFFERENT RATE . TOTALLY INCONSISTANT . REALLY INFURIATING AT THIS REDICULOUS HIGH PRICE !! WHEN USING THE FACTORY MARKING FOR `` NORMAL '' TOAST , THE FIRST FOUR SLICES ARE AS DESCRIBED ABOVE THEN THE NEXT FOUR ARE EVEN WORSE , MORE BURNING . RESETTING RESULTS IN POOR QUALITY AT ALL LEVELS . SETTING FOR TWO SLICES JUST AS BAD . SWITCH FOR 2 OR 4 SLICES DOES N'T INDICATE WHICH TWO SLOTS WILL GET HOT YOU HAVE TO FIND OUT THE HARD WAY . DO N'T BUY THIS PERIOD . E MAIL ME AT j.performance@att.net if you need more info .
 Toaster was UNSAFE and defective . Timer became weak after only a handfull of uses . Would not go down to 0 time and shut off . ALMOST BURNED HOUSE DOWN!Overall consrtuction flimsy .
 The toaster works OK , but it is n't any better than the ones I see advertised for 1/3 the price , and it is n't any better than my old one this Dualit replaced.It does n't toast the bread evenly . The way it is set up , the bread sits with its longest side perpendicular to the counter , so the part of the bread near the bottom of the toaster gets darker than the part that 's closest to the top of the toaster.Also , it does NOT have the feature that allows you to toast just one side of the bread or bagel , as some of the more sensibly priced toasters on the market do . In fact there are no bells and whistles at all.Yes , it does n't get hot on the outside , but neither do many of the others at the lower price points.I can not recommend this toaster unless you just want to throw your money away .
 I recently purchased a refurbished 4 slot Dualit toaster on ebay . It was about half of the price of a new model that you see at Williams Sonoma . We had a wonderful old 1955 Toastmaster that worked for 50 years and we were looking for similar styling and durability . I liked the styling of the Dualit , and considering the price I was convinced that it would easily last another 50 years as well.Unfortunately , I found that the durability is missing from this product . The toast time is controlled by a large timer knob that you set for each use . The first time I tried to use it , it turned on the elements and counted down , but did n't shut off unless I turned it hard manually to the left . Needless to say , any toast in there would be turned to carbon if left unattended . I removed the timer and much to my dismay found out that the internal gearing was all made of plastic and the timer itself made in China . There is no way that this very key and important component is built to last . -LRB- By the way , the Chinese timers make A LOT of noise when they tick down . I think there is another version of this timer with metal gears that sounds much smoother and quieter . Try them out in the store and listen before you buy ... -RRB- What made matters worse is the customer service . I wrote to Dualit to ask for a replacement . I do n't have a receipt , but generally good companies will stand behind their products , especially when they are premium priced . After all , the thing has never been used once ! They were willing to help me out for $ 56 . Had I been able to produce a receipt , then it would be covered under a 1-year warranty . I suspect that many customers will run into problems with the timer unit in these models when used on a daily basis.My recommendation is to stay away from this toaster . I spent a lot of money on this and have yet to toast a single slice of bread !
 Thought I would invest in a high quality toaster to replace my $ 20 Sunbeam . This thing burned the first , second , third , fourth -LRB- you get the idea -RRB- piece of toast I put in it . I returned it . Luckily I had n't put my Sunbeam out on the sidewalk with a `` free '' sign yet . I would not recommend buying this toaster .
 Yes , it is heavy , solid , and eye catching on your counter -- a really sexy retro look . But all that restaurant-solidity does not function in the home kitchen . For the typical home use -- morning toast -- the heavy heating elements need to be preheated ... before every cold use . That means every morning , forever , you have to put this monster through a blank cycle -- a waste of electricity that is not justifiable . And even then the toast is shockingly uneven
 I bought this toaster and it arrived and as soon as I plugged it in there was a spark inside and my circuit breaker tripped . I sent it back and my next one was DOA . It turns out that the exact same thing was the root of my problems . This time I opened it up a found that the black power cord had pulled off of its connector . The reason it pulled off is that it is wrapped around a 3 ounce metal doughnut -LRB- which is typically used to reduce line noise in devices like computers or monitors -RRB- . Why would a toaster care about line noise ? It 's a toaster and not some hi-tech piece of electronics . Anyway , shipping this unit has about an 100 % chance that the electrical connection will become disconnected . The connector is pretty far from the bottom and I had to disassemble more than I wanted to re-attach it . Keep in mind that I 'm servicing a brand-new $ 300 + appliance just to get it working . Now I know why there 's a warning sticker on the bread crumb pan that warns you to unplug the unit prior to removing the pan . Are you kidding me ? This indicates that Dualit knows that the power connector can come loose and energize the entire outside of the toaster but has done nothing to prevent it -LRB- like mounting that doughnut thing on something -RRB- . Now the good part
